21 Thomas Massie: "Today we will have the 218th signature for the Epstein discharge petition. Here’s how the legislation is likely to proceed over the next few weeks, with a debate and floor vote occurring just after the Thanksgiving break. How will your Congressman vote?" posted 8 hours ago by raptoris2 17 comments award share report block Thomas Massie @RepThomasMassie • 9h Today we will have the 218th vote for the Epstein discharge petition. Here’s how the legislation is likely to proceed over the next few weeks, with a debate and floor vote occurring just after the Thanksgiving break. How will your Congressman vote? www.politico.com Here’s how the House battle over the Epstein files will play out
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save ingrowntoenail 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is a faggot from my state. permalink award report block reply raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Massie is America First. permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 2 points 7 hours ago Faggot first permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Care to elaborate ? permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is Faggot First. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ChyNahAzzWhole1 3 points 7 hours ago So no FEDERAL ELECTION SECURITY... but a list thats been under the control of a corrupt law enforcement agency.. No arrests for falsely imprisoning Citizens for J6... no arrests for DESTROYING incriminating evidence by the j6 committee.. but you can work for a list. PRIORITIES are FUCKED UP! permalink award report block reply barc 2 points 7 hours ago Over the past few months, the handling of the Epstein files have gone from seeking justice to seeking leverage. permalink award report block reply LiberalTearsMiner 1 points 7 hours ago The files have been tampered with and will implicate Trump. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 8 hours ago The Epstein files, to the extent they exist, at this point serve little other purpose than to distract from the bigger issues that the country is facing like the jobs market, tariffs, immigration enforcement, etc. permalink award report block reply drmrboy 0 points 7 hours ago No, it actually might be the largest issue in advancing an America First movement forward.  The issue is a honeypot scheme to blackmail the very people that make law.  If those people are compromised (by Israel, which we all know) ... there really is no other deeper concern moving forward.  This is America ... not Israel.  Although, from Trump's latest actions and no movement on really advancing the deportations of ALL ILLEGALS ... it might appear Israel already has too deep of a stranglehold on Trump and the entire administration.  If Trump is playing political theater ... he better start raising the curtain soon because we're running out of time.  If this was his plan all along (to be in bed with Bibi) ... then our country is all over. 🤓 permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa -2 points 6 hours ago Fuck you, you’re a loser. Emails just leaked about 2 hours ago and now Johnson is pretty late to his presser. Not one pinned article for the emails here. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 hours ago Well yeah, because we’re not stupid enough to take the bait. This Epstein stuff is a nothing burger. The Dems had 4 years under Biden to release them, and chose not to. If they were incriminating against Trump as they claim, then why didn’t they release them? Why do they only care about Epstein now? permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 0 points 6 hours ago Likely because theirs no Dems left in a position to get burned by them. Maybe you’re asleep but no one cares about the Clintons or random old politicians. Other than Schumer and Pelosi they don’t really have any of the core globalist politicians of the 90s era that would be wrapped up with Epstein. Stop being a bot schill bitch that act like this wasn’t campaigned on and then bondi, noem, tulsi, etc say they have ready to be released once in charge. If these don’t get released republicans and maga are gone after midterms to never be reelected . permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 1 points 7 hours ago Two more weeks? Lol. permalink award report block reply finnigan 1 points 16 minutes ago Of all the shit on the table, H1b, deportations, energy shortages, inflation, insider trading congressmen, enemies of the country in congress, the debt and so on, all Massie can manage is an Epstein letter.  I don't care about it, there are so many more important agenda items. permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 1 points 7 hours ago WTF is a discharge petition?   Does the house have 'classified' Epstein documents that Masse wants released.  Is this some law that needs passed ordering the declassification of Epstein documents?   If he gets it to pass, what in fact happens? permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is a faggot from my state. permalink award report block reply raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Massie is America First. permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 2 points 7 hours ago Faggot first permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Care to elaborate ? permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is Faggot First. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Massie is America First. permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 2 points 7 hours ago Faggot first permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Care to elaborate ? permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is Faggot First. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Axiom502 2 points 7 hours ago Faggot first permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Care to elaborate ? permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is Faggot First. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
raptoris2 OP -1 points 7 hours ago Care to elaborate ? permalink parent award report block reply Axiom502 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is Faggot First. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Axiom502 4 points 7 hours ago Massie is Faggot First. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ChyNahAzzWhole1 3 points 7 hours ago So no FEDERAL ELECTION SECURITY... but a list thats been under the control of a corrupt law enforcement agency.. No arrests for falsely imprisoning Citizens for J6... no arrests for DESTROYING incriminating evidence by the j6 committee.. but you can work for a list. PRIORITIES are FUCKED UP! permalink award report block reply
barc 2 points 7 hours ago Over the past few months, the handling of the Epstein files have gone from seeking justice to seeking leverage. permalink award report block reply
LiberalTearsMiner 1 points 7 hours ago The files have been tampered with and will implicate Trump. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 8 hours ago The Epstein files, to the extent they exist, at this point serve little other purpose than to distract from the bigger issues that the country is facing like the jobs market, tariffs, immigration enforcement, etc. permalink award report block reply drmrboy 0 points 7 hours ago No, it actually might be the largest issue in advancing an America First movement forward.  The issue is a honeypot scheme to blackmail the very people that make law.  If those people are compromised (by Israel, which we all know) ... there really is no other deeper concern moving forward.  This is America ... not Israel.  Although, from Trump's latest actions and no movement on really advancing the deportations of ALL ILLEGALS ... it might appear Israel already has too deep of a stranglehold on Trump and the entire administration.  If Trump is playing political theater ... he better start raising the curtain soon because we're running out of time.  If this was his plan all along (to be in bed with Bibi) ... then our country is all over. 🤓 permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa -2 points 6 hours ago Fuck you, you’re a loser. Emails just leaked about 2 hours ago and now Johnson is pretty late to his presser. Not one pinned article for the emails here. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 hours ago Well yeah, because we’re not stupid enough to take the bait. This Epstein stuff is a nothing burger. The Dems had 4 years under Biden to release them, and chose not to. If they were incriminating against Trump as they claim, then why didn’t they release them? Why do they only care about Epstein now? permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 0 points 6 hours ago Likely because theirs no Dems left in a position to get burned by them. Maybe you’re asleep but no one cares about the Clintons or random old politicians. Other than Schumer and Pelosi they don’t really have any of the core globalist politicians of the 90s era that would be wrapped up with Epstein. Stop being a bot schill bitch that act like this wasn’t campaigned on and then bondi, noem, tulsi, etc say they have ready to be released once in charge. If these don’t get released republicans and maga are gone after midterms to never be reelected . permalink parent award report block reply
drmrboy 0 points 7 hours ago No, it actually might be the largest issue in advancing an America First movement forward.  The issue is a honeypot scheme to blackmail the very people that make law.  If those people are compromised (by Israel, which we all know) ... there really is no other deeper concern moving forward.  This is America ... not Israel.  Although, from Trump's latest actions and no movement on really advancing the deportations of ALL ILLEGALS ... it might appear Israel already has too deep of a stranglehold on Trump and the entire administration.  If Trump is playing political theater ... he better start raising the curtain soon because we're running out of time.  If this was his plan all along (to be in bed with Bibi) ... then our country is all over. 🤓 permalink parent award report block reply
Freeth3usa -2 points 6 hours ago Fuck you, you’re a loser. Emails just leaked about 2 hours ago and now Johnson is pretty late to his presser. Not one pinned article for the emails here. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 hours ago Well yeah, because we’re not stupid enough to take the bait. This Epstein stuff is a nothing burger. The Dems had 4 years under Biden to release them, and chose not to. If they were incriminating against Trump as they claim, then why didn’t they release them? Why do they only care about Epstein now? permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 0 points 6 hours ago Likely because theirs no Dems left in a position to get burned by them. Maybe you’re asleep but no one cares about the Clintons or random old politicians. Other than Schumer and Pelosi they don’t really have any of the core globalist politicians of the 90s era that would be wrapped up with Epstein. Stop being a bot schill bitch that act like this wasn’t campaigned on and then bondi, noem, tulsi, etc say they have ready to be released once in charge. If these don’t get released republicans and maga are gone after midterms to never be reelected . permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 6 hours ago Well yeah, because we’re not stupid enough to take the bait. This Epstein stuff is a nothing burger. The Dems had 4 years under Biden to release them, and chose not to. If they were incriminating against Trump as they claim, then why didn’t they release them? Why do they only care about Epstein now? permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 0 points 6 hours ago Likely because theirs no Dems left in a position to get burned by them. Maybe you’re asleep but no one cares about the Clintons or random old politicians. Other than Schumer and Pelosi they don’t really have any of the core globalist politicians of the 90s era that would be wrapped up with Epstein. Stop being a bot schill bitch that act like this wasn’t campaigned on and then bondi, noem, tulsi, etc say they have ready to be released once in charge. If these don’t get released republicans and maga are gone after midterms to never be reelected . permalink parent award report block reply
Freeth3usa 0 points 6 hours ago Likely because theirs no Dems left in a position to get burned by them. Maybe you’re asleep but no one cares about the Clintons or random old politicians. Other than Schumer and Pelosi they don’t really have any of the core globalist politicians of the 90s era that would be wrapped up with Epstein. Stop being a bot schill bitch that act like this wasn’t campaigned on and then bondi, noem, tulsi, etc say they have ready to be released once in charge. If these don’t get released republicans and maga are gone after midterms to never be reelected . permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 1 points 7 hours ago Two more weeks? Lol. permalink award report block reply
finnigan 1 points 16 minutes ago Of all the shit on the table, H1b, deportations, energy shortages, inflation, insider trading congressmen, enemies of the country in congress, the debt and so on, all Massie can manage is an Epstein letter.  I don't care about it, there are so many more important agenda items. permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 1 points 7 hours ago WTF is a discharge petition?   Does the house have 'classified' Epstein documents that Masse wants released.  Is this some law that needs passed ordering the declassification of Epstein documents?   If he gets it to pass, what in fact happens? permalink award report block reply