131 So Shaniqua, who is unemployed and on welfare with 8 kids wil get $2k per kid and another $2k for herself. 

But the other family who works full time and both parents make $51k each and actually pay all the tariffs and taxes get nothing. 

Winning!!!....? posted 2 hours ago by Crucible 52 comments award share download report block
52 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save HeavenlyTrumpets 37 points 2 hours ago Plenty of families making more than $100000 per year are still not doing as well as people think.  (raises hand from experience) permalink award report block reply 38WendysHamSquare79 15 points 1 hour ago Especially in more expensive cities. permalink parent award report block reply NukeTheTroons 8 points 40 minutes ago Especially in white neighborhoods… I’m sick of paying a premium just to keep my family safe. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 11 minutes ago "If you can't live here, maybe you should not live here." -Ben "Shekel" Shapiro permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 9 points 44 minutes ago This is just another welfare boost for the EBT crowd. So fatigued. permalink parent award report block reply Stlpoolguy 4 points 39 minutes ago Because we/they are actually paying their way.....    freeloaders deserve shit, no taxes paid...no monies! permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 13 minutes ago That's barely above the median household income of $83,730 (as of 2024). $2,000 seems like nothing at that point, no? I make only $40,000 as an individual, so what do I know? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 34 minutes ago Hell, that was just me last year. Now I'm unemployed. Yay!! permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Zskills 16 points 2 hours ago It's just vote buying.  EBT-Americans LOVED Trump for the stimmy checks in 2020. This is midterm propaganda. permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 6 points 55 minutes ago And it won't work.  The people they think they're trying to buy will still side with the people who promise them more and more handouts every election cycle, which is, of course, Leftists.  This will just be a waste of money and will likely piss off a lot of MAGA supporters who, once again, are going to get overlooked. If this keeps up, I get the feeling next year's inevitable rallies aren't going to be as positively received nor have the same fun atmosphere as they have in the past.  There's a lot of anger brewing in the MAGA base from being overlooked.  The H1B bullshit isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply elgordo 1 points 28 minutes ago THIS. It has to be done until we are in a place where we have gotten rid of more rinos and secure 2026. If we don't, we lose. We don't have the luxury of doing the "right thing." We need to understand that half the population votes based on bullshit like this. Our enemies know this and have been beating the tar out of us for decades. We need to do these things now, until we get in a better spot where handouts simply won't be needed anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 9 minutes ago As TheThreeSeashells said above, it probably won't work. The ones getting the EBT benefits are likely voting blue no matter who. I think if anything, it might turn off some on the right. permalink parent award report block reply NukeTheTroons 1 points 24 minutes ago That’s why anyone who is a net negative should not have the right to vote. Why wouldn’t they vote for free shit? It’s common sense permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 10 minutes ago How about instead of giving away "free money" from tariffs, we just focus on making things less expensive at the grocery store? I'm tired of "free shit." permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 13 points 1 hour ago This is retarded.  You're over $36 trillion in debt - pay down the debt, or cut taxes. permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 7 points 48 minutes ago cut taxes How about that one.  Everyone benefits and it should have longer term effects as long as they cement those cuts in.  Not some bullshit where they either expire in a year or two or will easily be revoked whenever government wants to screw everyone over again.  And make them meaningful.  Not some 0.10% cut bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 7 minutes ago But it's "free" money! permalink parent award report block reply Magma_Biscuit 12 points 1 hour ago If you get a refund check you don’t deserve a 2k stimmi If your on any govt assistance you don’t deserve a stimmi If you work for the govt you don’t deserve a stimmi Only the 50 some odd percent of people that actually pay taxes deserve a stimmi permalink award report block reply S11houette 5 points 53 minutes ago Yes But the only thing getting a refund check means is that you overpaid your taxes. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills 3 points 48 minutes ago This is true.  Perhaps a better criterion would be "net taxpayer" permalink parent award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 2 points 34 minutes ago Income tax refund is what you overpaid to the government. That shouldn't disqualify you. Agree with the rest. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 7 points 2 hours ago Yup.  It makes sense to the establishment since they want that money pumped right back  into the economy (read stock market) and not saved or used to clear debt. Who will do that?  People making less than $100,000. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 48 minutes ago Walfuckingmart must have a rock hard cock a mile long. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 43 minutes ago Yes.  As well as the tobacco companies, breweries, Nike, Sony, and every other retailer - especially Amazon. We will see a record Christmas shopping season and a broad uptick in markets followed by a sell off in January once the heroin wears off. permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 5 points 1 hour ago Just give every American a tax credit.  Don't just hand them inflation checks. permalink award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 15 minutes ago Tax credit wouldn't pay out until 2027. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 5 points 2 hours ago I agree this is bullshit and animalistic. The majority of families making less than 100k are fucking Democrats. permalink award report block reply Zskills 2 points 45 minutes ago Less than 30K IE professional welfare recipients voted Kamala.  People between 30k and 100K voted Trump. Overall, people under 100K voted more for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 hour ago Should be a pre-requisite that if you paid nothing into the system you get nothing back because your a useless POS leech permalink award report block reply General_Specific 1 points 14 minutes ago There are actually a lot of hard working citizens who don't pay into the system for different reasons. One being survival. They can't afford to make ends meet if they do and are forced to work "under the table". i don't condemn those people. If taxation is theft, which a lot of us agree with, they are simply doing what they can without letting themselves get pickpocketed by govt. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 46 minutes ago And no vote. permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 4 points 1 hour ago Fuck. This. permalink award report block reply hoopinfloyd 3 points 47 minutes ago Wow starting to fucking hate this admin. When do we get mass deportations? When do we get H1-B revocations? When do we stop funding the low lifes with taxes? When do we get prosecutions? When do we get election integrity? permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 12 minutes ago At this point I half expect him to exclude American citizens from this plan. permalink parent award report block reply astralentity 2 points 2 hours ago Can it be W2 and not AGI please? permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 2 points 36 minutes ago I VOTED FOR THIS WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS permalink award report block reply tt777 2 points 48 minutes ago This is retarded. permalink award report block reply NdNcenti 2 points 55 minutes ago Welp I won’t qualify, but what I will do is buy 2k more in silver, because reasons permalink award report block reply GA_Logic 2 points 2 hours ago Key word is making money aka working. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago And having valid tax return is my guess. Like the stimmies. We will see soon enough. permalink parent award report block reply General_Specific 1 points 17 minutes ago Families on public aid should not get the money. That would make no sense. permalink award report block reply king_cocoon 1 points 51 minutes ago Cool. I'll take yours, then. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 50 minutes ago But remember, the people here screaming about H1B think Shaniqua is automagically superior because she's "American" permalink award report block reply SmartyPants 1 points 47 minutes ago Just put it towards paying off our debt.
~ Signed the American People. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 1 points 56 minutes ago He steals from the poor, and gives to the rich. Stupid bitch! permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 23 minutes ago A family making less than 100k is either living in the trailer park or on welfare. permalink award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 hours ago DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 2 hours ago Agree.  Any kind of rebate/refund to any AMERICANS, who are legal citizens, is fine by me.  What I want to stop, is the squatters getting ANY government benefits or mortgages or any financial help.  I want them to GET THE FUCK OUT. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago Yeah Americans and other natives should be entitled to a basic social safety net for when times are tough. Our blood is being sucked by foreigner SCUM. Our blood is being spilled by EBT SCUM. permalink parent award report block reply DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 1 hour ago Had to run to Walmart last night for something.  Got out of car, and here comes some Hispanic bitch, with SEVEN fucking kids.  7!  All speaking Spanish.  We're fucked. permalink parent award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 2 hours ago should be under $200k or $250k permalink parent award report block reply d4tm4ss 0 points 19 minutes ago Is this before or after taxes? permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 37 points 2 hours ago Plenty of families making more than $100000 per year are still not doing as well as people think.  (raises hand from experience) permalink award report block reply 38WendysHamSquare79 15 points 1 hour ago Especially in more expensive cities. permalink parent award report block reply NukeTheTroons 8 points 40 minutes ago Especially in white neighborhoods… I’m sick of paying a premium just to keep my family safe. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 11 minutes ago "If you can't live here, maybe you should not live here." -Ben "Shekel" Shapiro permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 9 points 44 minutes ago This is just another welfare boost for the EBT crowd. So fatigued. permalink parent award report block reply Stlpoolguy 4 points 39 minutes ago Because we/they are actually paying their way.....    freeloaders deserve shit, no taxes paid...no monies! permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 13 minutes ago That's barely above the median household income of $83,730 (as of 2024). $2,000 seems like nothing at that point, no? I make only $40,000 as an individual, so what do I know? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 34 minutes ago Hell, that was just me last year. Now I'm unemployed. Yay!! permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
38WendysHamSquare79 15 points 1 hour ago Especially in more expensive cities. permalink parent award report block reply NukeTheTroons 8 points 40 minutes ago Especially in white neighborhoods… I’m sick of paying a premium just to keep my family safe. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 11 minutes ago "If you can't live here, maybe you should not live here." -Ben "Shekel" Shapiro permalink parent award report block reply
NukeTheTroons 8 points 40 minutes ago Especially in white neighborhoods… I’m sick of paying a premium just to keep my family safe. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 11 minutes ago "If you can't live here, maybe you should not live here." -Ben "Shekel" Shapiro permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 9 points 44 minutes ago This is just another welfare boost for the EBT crowd. So fatigued. permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 4 points 39 minutes ago Because we/they are actually paying their way.....    freeloaders deserve shit, no taxes paid...no monies! permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 13 minutes ago That's barely above the median household income of $83,730 (as of 2024). $2,000 seems like nothing at that point, no? I make only $40,000 as an individual, so what do I know? permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 34 minutes ago Hell, that was just me last year. Now I'm unemployed. Yay!! permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 16 points 2 hours ago It's just vote buying.  EBT-Americans LOVED Trump for the stimmy checks in 2020. This is midterm propaganda. permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 6 points 55 minutes ago And it won't work.  The people they think they're trying to buy will still side with the people who promise them more and more handouts every election cycle, which is, of course, Leftists.  This will just be a waste of money and will likely piss off a lot of MAGA supporters who, once again, are going to get overlooked. If this keeps up, I get the feeling next year's inevitable rallies aren't going to be as positively received nor have the same fun atmosphere as they have in the past.  There's a lot of anger brewing in the MAGA base from being overlooked.  The H1B bullshit isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply elgordo 1 points 28 minutes ago THIS. It has to be done until we are in a place where we have gotten rid of more rinos and secure 2026. If we don't, we lose. We don't have the luxury of doing the "right thing." We need to understand that half the population votes based on bullshit like this. Our enemies know this and have been beating the tar out of us for decades. We need to do these things now, until we get in a better spot where handouts simply won't be needed anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 9 minutes ago As TheThreeSeashells said above, it probably won't work. The ones getting the EBT benefits are likely voting blue no matter who. I think if anything, it might turn off some on the right. permalink parent award report block reply NukeTheTroons 1 points 24 minutes ago That’s why anyone who is a net negative should not have the right to vote. Why wouldn’t they vote for free shit? It’s common sense permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 10 minutes ago How about instead of giving away "free money" from tariffs, we just focus on making things less expensive at the grocery store? I'm tired of "free shit." permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 6 points 55 minutes ago And it won't work.  The people they think they're trying to buy will still side with the people who promise them more and more handouts every election cycle, which is, of course, Leftists.  This will just be a waste of money and will likely piss off a lot of MAGA supporters who, once again, are going to get overlooked. If this keeps up, I get the feeling next year's inevitable rallies aren't going to be as positively received nor have the same fun atmosphere as they have in the past.  There's a lot of anger brewing in the MAGA base from being overlooked.  The H1B bullshit isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply
elgordo 1 points 28 minutes ago THIS. It has to be done until we are in a place where we have gotten rid of more rinos and secure 2026. If we don't, we lose. We don't have the luxury of doing the "right thing." We need to understand that half the population votes based on bullshit like this. Our enemies know this and have been beating the tar out of us for decades. We need to do these things now, until we get in a better spot where handouts simply won't be needed anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 9 minutes ago As TheThreeSeashells said above, it probably won't work. The ones getting the EBT benefits are likely voting blue no matter who. I think if anything, it might turn off some on the right. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 9 minutes ago As TheThreeSeashells said above, it probably won't work. The ones getting the EBT benefits are likely voting blue no matter who. I think if anything, it might turn off some on the right. permalink parent award report block reply
NukeTheTroons 1 points 24 minutes ago That’s why anyone who is a net negative should not have the right to vote. Why wouldn’t they vote for free shit? It’s common sense permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 10 minutes ago How about instead of giving away "free money" from tariffs, we just focus on making things less expensive at the grocery store? I'm tired of "free shit." permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 13 points 1 hour ago This is retarded.  You're over $36 trillion in debt - pay down the debt, or cut taxes. permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 7 points 48 minutes ago cut taxes How about that one.  Everyone benefits and it should have longer term effects as long as they cement those cuts in.  Not some bullshit where they either expire in a year or two or will easily be revoked whenever government wants to screw everyone over again.  And make them meaningful.  Not some 0.10% cut bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 7 minutes ago But it's "free" money! permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 7 points 48 minutes ago cut taxes How about that one.  Everyone benefits and it should have longer term effects as long as they cement those cuts in.  Not some bullshit where they either expire in a year or two or will easily be revoked whenever government wants to screw everyone over again.  And make them meaningful.  Not some 0.10% cut bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 7 minutes ago But it's "free" money! permalink parent award report block reply
Magma_Biscuit 12 points 1 hour ago If you get a refund check you don’t deserve a 2k stimmi If your on any govt assistance you don’t deserve a stimmi If you work for the govt you don’t deserve a stimmi Only the 50 some odd percent of people that actually pay taxes deserve a stimmi permalink award report block reply S11houette 5 points 53 minutes ago Yes But the only thing getting a refund check means is that you overpaid your taxes. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills 3 points 48 minutes ago This is true.  Perhaps a better criterion would be "net taxpayer" permalink parent award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 2 points 34 minutes ago Income tax refund is what you overpaid to the government. That shouldn't disqualify you. Agree with the rest. permalink parent award report block reply
S11houette 5 points 53 minutes ago Yes But the only thing getting a refund check means is that you overpaid your taxes. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills 3 points 48 minutes ago This is true.  Perhaps a better criterion would be "net taxpayer" permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 3 points 48 minutes ago This is true.  Perhaps a better criterion would be "net taxpayer" permalink parent award report block reply
RocksCanOnlyWait 2 points 34 minutes ago Income tax refund is what you overpaid to the government. That shouldn't disqualify you. Agree with the rest. permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 7 points 2 hours ago Yup.  It makes sense to the establishment since they want that money pumped right back  into the economy (read stock market) and not saved or used to clear debt. Who will do that?  People making less than $100,000. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 48 minutes ago Walfuckingmart must have a rock hard cock a mile long. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 43 minutes ago Yes.  As well as the tobacco companies, breweries, Nike, Sony, and every other retailer - especially Amazon. We will see a record Christmas shopping season and a broad uptick in markets followed by a sell off in January once the heroin wears off. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 2 points 48 minutes ago Walfuckingmart must have a rock hard cock a mile long. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 43 minutes ago Yes.  As well as the tobacco companies, breweries, Nike, Sony, and every other retailer - especially Amazon. We will see a record Christmas shopping season and a broad uptick in markets followed by a sell off in January once the heroin wears off. permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 1 points 43 minutes ago Yes.  As well as the tobacco companies, breweries, Nike, Sony, and every other retailer - especially Amazon. We will see a record Christmas shopping season and a broad uptick in markets followed by a sell off in January once the heroin wears off. permalink parent award report block reply
Thrilly 5 points 1 hour ago Just give every American a tax credit.  Don't just hand them inflation checks. permalink award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 15 minutes ago Tax credit wouldn't pay out until 2027. permalink parent award report block reply
UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 15 minutes ago Tax credit wouldn't pay out until 2027. permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 5 points 2 hours ago I agree this is bullshit and animalistic. The majority of families making less than 100k are fucking Democrats. permalink award report block reply Zskills 2 points 45 minutes ago Less than 30K IE professional welfare recipients voted Kamala.  People between 30k and 100K voted Trump. Overall, people under 100K voted more for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 2 points 45 minutes ago Less than 30K IE professional welfare recipients voted Kamala.  People between 30k and 100K voted Trump. Overall, people under 100K voted more for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 hour ago Should be a pre-requisite that if you paid nothing into the system you get nothing back because your a useless POS leech permalink award report block reply General_Specific 1 points 14 minutes ago There are actually a lot of hard working citizens who don't pay into the system for different reasons. One being survival. They can't afford to make ends meet if they do and are forced to work "under the table". i don't condemn those people. If taxation is theft, which a lot of us agree with, they are simply doing what they can without letting themselves get pickpocketed by govt. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 46 minutes ago And no vote. permalink parent award report block reply
General_Specific 1 points 14 minutes ago There are actually a lot of hard working citizens who don't pay into the system for different reasons. One being survival. They can't afford to make ends meet if they do and are forced to work "under the table". i don't condemn those people. If taxation is theft, which a lot of us agree with, they are simply doing what they can without letting themselves get pickpocketed by govt. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 1 points 46 minutes ago And no vote. permalink parent award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 4 points 1 hour ago Fuck. This. permalink award report block reply
hoopinfloyd 3 points 47 minutes ago Wow starting to fucking hate this admin. When do we get mass deportations? When do we get H1-B revocations? When do we stop funding the low lifes with taxes? When do we get prosecutions? When do we get election integrity? permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 12 minutes ago At this point I half expect him to exclude American citizens from this plan. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 2 points 12 minutes ago At this point I half expect him to exclude American citizens from this plan. permalink parent award report block reply
astralentity 2 points 2 hours ago Can it be W2 and not AGI please? permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 2 points 36 minutes ago I VOTED FOR THIS WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS permalink award report block reply
tt777 2 points 48 minutes ago This is retarded. permalink award report block reply
NdNcenti 2 points 55 minutes ago Welp I won’t qualify, but what I will do is buy 2k more in silver, because reasons permalink award report block reply
GA_Logic 2 points 2 hours ago Key word is making money aka working. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago And having valid tax return is my guess. Like the stimmies. We will see soon enough. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago And having valid tax return is my guess. Like the stimmies. We will see soon enough. permalink parent award report block reply
General_Specific 1 points 17 minutes ago Families on public aid should not get the money. That would make no sense. permalink award report block reply
king_cocoon 1 points 51 minutes ago Cool. I'll take yours, then. permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 50 minutes ago But remember, the people here screaming about H1B think Shaniqua is automagically superior because she's "American" permalink award report block reply
SmartyPants 1 points 47 minutes ago Just put it towards paying off our debt.
~ Signed the American People. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 1 points 56 minutes ago He steals from the poor, and gives to the rich. Stupid bitch! permalink award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 23 minutes ago A family making less than 100k is either living in the trailer park or on welfare. permalink award report block reply
deleted 1 points 2 hours ago DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 2 hours ago Agree.  Any kind of rebate/refund to any AMERICANS, who are legal citizens, is fine by me.  What I want to stop, is the squatters getting ANY government benefits or mortgages or any financial help.  I want them to GET THE FUCK OUT. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago Yeah Americans and other natives should be entitled to a basic social safety net for when times are tough. Our blood is being sucked by foreigner SCUM. Our blood is being spilled by EBT SCUM. permalink parent award report block reply DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 1 hour ago Had to run to Walmart last night for something.  Got out of car, and here comes some Hispanic bitch, with SEVEN fucking kids.  7!  All speaking Spanish.  We're fucked. permalink parent award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 2 hours ago should be under $200k or $250k permalink parent award report block reply
DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 2 hours ago Agree.  Any kind of rebate/refund to any AMERICANS, who are legal citizens, is fine by me.  What I want to stop, is the squatters getting ANY government benefits or mortgages or any financial help.  I want them to GET THE FUCK OUT. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago Yeah Americans and other natives should be entitled to a basic social safety net for when times are tough. Our blood is being sucked by foreigner SCUM. Our blood is being spilled by EBT SCUM. permalink parent award report block reply DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 1 hour ago Had to run to Walmart last night for something.  Got out of car, and here comes some Hispanic bitch, with SEVEN fucking kids.  7!  All speaking Spanish.  We're fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 2 points 2 hours ago Yeah Americans and other natives should be entitled to a basic social safety net for when times are tough. Our blood is being sucked by foreigner SCUM. Our blood is being spilled by EBT SCUM. permalink parent award report block reply DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 1 hour ago Had to run to Walmart last night for something.  Got out of car, and here comes some Hispanic bitch, with SEVEN fucking kids.  7!  All speaking Spanish.  We're fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 1 hour ago Had to run to Walmart last night for something.  Got out of car, and here comes some Hispanic bitch, with SEVEN fucking kids.  7!  All speaking Spanish.  We're fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 2 hours ago should be under $200k or $250k permalink parent award report block reply
d4tm4ss 0 points 19 minutes ago Is this before or after taxes? permalink award report block reply