439 Pelosi Awarded the J6 Pipe Bomber a Congressional Medal. STUPID  S.O.B. posted 4 days ago by sorrytodisagree 29 comments award share report block Johnny St.Pete @JohnMcCloy • 4d 🔥THE GREATEST POLITICAL SCANDAL IN AMERICAN HISTORY. On December 6th 2022 Speaker Nancy Pelosi presented the Congressional Gold Medals w/ a bill she sponsored & introduced to THE DEFENDERS OF THE CAPITOL on J6 in The Rotunda. One of those recipients was the suspected “Pipe
29 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Walked Away – Now We Know Why Read More Ads by Ad.Style Babyfaceposey 20 points 4 days ago This is getting juicy. No word from the FBI? permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 17 points 4 days ago Files on the desk will be released in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 4 points 4 days ago Two weeks later:  There are no files. permalink parent award report block reply xkgb 3 points 4 days ago Kash is preoccupied with [checks notes] visiting China! permalink parent award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 16 points 4 days ago Remember the 6 or so Officers that committed "suicide" after J-6? Did they or were they NOT ON BOARD with what happened? Never ever heard about them. Do you think the Nancy Pelosi capitol police would murder? Byrd did. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 5 points 4 days ago You answered your our question.  They tell you to do it or they are going off you and your family, what you gonna do? permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree OP 3 points 4 days ago Meanwhile she got a medal and a job at the CIA. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 11 points 4 days ago I mentioned casually in the car with a lefty family member "oh they caught the j6 pipe bomber" They didn't really respond except to say they didn't want to talk about it To which i said "what? I figured you'd be happy i mean the only armed person was caught " They said "Maga people were armed! 5 cops got killed that day!" At that point I was saying "holy crap that's crazy! You actually believe that!?  You must have just found out it was a Democrat lesbo" So they pick at me over ICE saying I'm a nazi for considering joining and the final straw was them going in on Charlie Kirk... not good but I lost my cool. Squeezing a half can of coke and getting it on their car from the passenger seat. Not proud of that but that's the second time they mocked Charlie in the heat of a tangential argument. I said "you know nothing about the man so keep his name out your mouth! He was the golden retriever of our side, now you neo bolshevik fucks have to deal with a less friendly group. You guys fucked up" Fuck. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 4 days ago My dad's side of the family that watches MSNBC still, to this day, believes that the patriots there took guns to the Capital and killed 5 cops. I've even said things like, "Then how come none of them were charged with murder?" The reply was that the FBI hadn't caught them yet, but it's now that Trump pardoned them. That said, some guy getting an AI to match the walking pattern of a person to the video doesn't completely convince me. I'd like more evidence than that. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 days ago I did guess it was a female though... just watched so many times even a butch Dyke shows her sex permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 3 days ago Oh, I agree. It's always looked like a female to me. permalink parent award report block reply VanillaCupCake 8 points 4 days ago of course she did, why has she not been removed from the CIA and brought in... we need JOHN WICK!! permalink award report block reply GarbageLivesMatter 5 points 4 days ago The UniParty are going to kill her permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 5 points 4 days ago It wasn't by accident. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 4 days ago They are always good about publicly awarding those that do dirty work for the Party. Pence got a seat at the Biden inauguration permalink award report block reply sorrytodisagree OP 3 points 4 days ago Just like Biden giving election fraudsters Ruby Freeman & her daughter presidential medals and a rigged lawsuit to rob Rudy Giuliani. permalink parent award report block reply AmerikaUberAlles 3 points 4 days ago They wanted it to be a bloodbath so bad.  This was so fucking cringe I couldn't make it to the end.  Bitch said "our law enforcement bravely stood in the breach ensuring democracy survived on that dark day".  Translation:  "Our law enforcement bravely stood at the breach (open entrances with magnetically sealed doors that a tank couldn't have penetrated) and freely waived people on in to the Capital".  These people are straight fucking evil. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 4 days ago Prison for all involved. permalink award report block reply Pikes985 1 points 3 days ago How about the proper sentence for high treason, hanging. permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 3 points 4 days ago Those congressional medals are a condemnation that they are traitorous pieces of shit. Totally fucking worthless. permalink award report block reply FaustyArchaeus 3 points 4 days ago So many of the greatest scandals blown wide open but no arrests permalink award report block reply RachetQueen2020 3 points 4 days ago That is one ugly ass dude. permalink award report block reply Shaffro 1 points 4 days ago Pelosi needs to be in prison for the rest of her life. permalink award report block reply snakeoil 1 points 4 days ago Not sure I still think it was that chick that so happened to find it they then gave millions in contracts to. permalink award report block reply CMDRConanAAnderson 1 points 4 days ago WHO UNLOCKED THE ELECTRONICALLY SECURED CAPITOL DOORS?? permalink award report block reply Another_rando 1 points 4 days ago Speaks volumes to who's really in charge of us permalink award report block reply
Babyfaceposey 20 points 4 days ago This is getting juicy. No word from the FBI? permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 17 points 4 days ago Files on the desk will be released in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 4 points 4 days ago Two weeks later:  There are no files. permalink parent award report block reply xkgb 3 points 4 days ago Kash is preoccupied with [checks notes] visiting China! permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 17 points 4 days ago Files on the desk will be released in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 4 points 4 days ago Two weeks later:  There are no files. permalink parent award report block reply
CovfefeVideo 4 points 4 days ago Two weeks later:  There are no files. permalink parent award report block reply
xkgb 3 points 4 days ago Kash is preoccupied with [checks notes] visiting China! permalink parent award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 16 points 4 days ago Remember the 6 or so Officers that committed "suicide" after J-6? Did they or were they NOT ON BOARD with what happened? Never ever heard about them. Do you think the Nancy Pelosi capitol police would murder? Byrd did. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 5 points 4 days ago You answered your our question.  They tell you to do it or they are going off you and your family, what you gonna do? permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree OP 3 points 4 days ago Meanwhile she got a medal and a job at the CIA. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 5 points 4 days ago You answered your our question.  They tell you to do it or they are going off you and your family, what you gonna do? permalink parent award report block reply
sorrytodisagree OP 3 points 4 days ago Meanwhile she got a medal and a job at the CIA. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 11 points 4 days ago I mentioned casually in the car with a lefty family member "oh they caught the j6 pipe bomber" They didn't really respond except to say they didn't want to talk about it To which i said "what? I figured you'd be happy i mean the only armed person was caught " They said "Maga people were armed! 5 cops got killed that day!" At that point I was saying "holy crap that's crazy! You actually believe that!?  You must have just found out it was a Democrat lesbo" So they pick at me over ICE saying I'm a nazi for considering joining and the final straw was them going in on Charlie Kirk... not good but I lost my cool. Squeezing a half can of coke and getting it on their car from the passenger seat. Not proud of that but that's the second time they mocked Charlie in the heat of a tangential argument. I said "you know nothing about the man so keep his name out your mouth! He was the golden retriever of our side, now you neo bolshevik fucks have to deal with a less friendly group. You guys fucked up" Fuck. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 4 days ago My dad's side of the family that watches MSNBC still, to this day, believes that the patriots there took guns to the Capital and killed 5 cops. I've even said things like, "Then how come none of them were charged with murder?" The reply was that the FBI hadn't caught them yet, but it's now that Trump pardoned them. That said, some guy getting an AI to match the walking pattern of a person to the video doesn't completely convince me. I'd like more evidence than that. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 days ago I did guess it was a female though... just watched so many times even a butch Dyke shows her sex permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 3 days ago Oh, I agree. It's always looked like a female to me. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 2 points 4 days ago My dad's side of the family that watches MSNBC still, to this day, believes that the patriots there took guns to the Capital and killed 5 cops. I've even said things like, "Then how come none of them were charged with murder?" The reply was that the FBI hadn't caught them yet, but it's now that Trump pardoned them. That said, some guy getting an AI to match the walking pattern of a person to the video doesn't completely convince me. I'd like more evidence than that. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 days ago I did guess it was a female though... just watched so many times even a butch Dyke shows her sex permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 3 days ago Oh, I agree. It's always looked like a female to me. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 4 days ago I did guess it was a female though... just watched so many times even a butch Dyke shows her sex permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 3 days ago Oh, I agree. It's always looked like a female to me. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 2 points 3 days ago Oh, I agree. It's always looked like a female to me. permalink parent award report block reply
VanillaCupCake 8 points 4 days ago of course she did, why has she not been removed from the CIA and brought in... we need JOHN WICK!! permalink award report block reply
GarbageLivesMatter 5 points 4 days ago The UniParty are going to kill her permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 5 points 4 days ago It wasn't by accident. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 5 points 4 days ago They are always good about publicly awarding those that do dirty work for the Party. Pence got a seat at the Biden inauguration permalink award report block reply sorrytodisagree OP 3 points 4 days ago Just like Biden giving election fraudsters Ruby Freeman & her daughter presidential medals and a rigged lawsuit to rob Rudy Giuliani. permalink parent award report block reply
sorrytodisagree OP 3 points 4 days ago Just like Biden giving election fraudsters Ruby Freeman & her daughter presidential medals and a rigged lawsuit to rob Rudy Giuliani. permalink parent award report block reply
AmerikaUberAlles 3 points 4 days ago They wanted it to be a bloodbath so bad.  This was so fucking cringe I couldn't make it to the end.  Bitch said "our law enforcement bravely stood in the breach ensuring democracy survived on that dark day".  Translation:  "Our law enforcement bravely stood at the breach (open entrances with magnetically sealed doors that a tank couldn't have penetrated) and freely waived people on in to the Capital".  These people are straight fucking evil. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 3 points 4 days ago Prison for all involved. permalink award report block reply Pikes985 1 points 3 days ago How about the proper sentence for high treason, hanging. permalink parent award report block reply
Pikes985 1 points 3 days ago How about the proper sentence for high treason, hanging. permalink parent award report block reply
KennyKetchem 3 points 4 days ago Those congressional medals are a condemnation that they are traitorous pieces of shit. Totally fucking worthless. permalink award report block reply
FaustyArchaeus 3 points 4 days ago So many of the greatest scandals blown wide open but no arrests permalink award report block reply
RachetQueen2020 3 points 4 days ago That is one ugly ass dude. permalink award report block reply
Shaffro 1 points 4 days ago Pelosi needs to be in prison for the rest of her life. permalink award report block reply
snakeoil 1 points 4 days ago Not sure I still think it was that chick that so happened to find it they then gave millions in contracts to. permalink award report block reply
CMDRConanAAnderson 1 points 4 days ago WHO UNLOCKED THE ELECTRONICALLY SECURED CAPITOL DOORS?? permalink award report block reply
Another_rando 1 points 4 days ago Speaks volumes to who's really in charge of us permalink award report block reply