641 "Jaw-dropping video from @TrineUniversity
. The entire graduating class is from India. None of them actually attended classes. They're not here for an education, they're here for a work permit. 

This is a betrayal. They've turned our immigration system into a joke." posted 3 days ago by bleeje 13 comments award share report block Expose H1B Fraud @JobsNowPaper • 3d Jaw-dropping video from @TrineUniversity. The entire graduating class is from India. None of them actually attended classes. They're not here for an education, they're here for a work permit. This is a betrayal. They've turned our immigration system into a joke. Expose H1B Fraud @JobsNowPaper • 3d Please expose @TrineUniversity 92.5% of total student body are foreign students. mostly from India. Students are not required to attend classes. Foreign student enrollment by campus; Detroit campus: 8,970 Phoenix AZ campus: 3,861 Reston VA campus: 1,644 https://t.co/UqRs0rX8CR
13 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style impera 31 points 3 days ago Does education have a money-laundering equivalent? This seems like it. No one recognizes the value of any credential from scam colleges in india, so indians arrive to do the same scam with some western college or university. The value of which also becomes zero as soon as the scam has any light cast upon it. permalink award report block reply DoesItWorkAlready 18 points 3 days ago credential laundering.  It's been going on for at least 2 decades permalink parent award report block reply mohel 14 points 3 days ago and who hires them? companies run by other jeets? permalink parent award report block reply impera 11 points 3 days ago That seems to be how the scam trucking companies work. So maybe. permalink parent award report block reply pedespeed 16 points 3 days ago Could this be like an Eduction/Immigration Industrial Complex? permalink award report block reply dparks2010 10 points 2 days ago Jeets and Asian H1B's take White Collar jobs, legal and illegal non-citizens take the Blue Collar and unskilled jobs, and Americans are left working in the scraps only to have crooked politicians send half of what we earn to corrupt countries for money laundering. How is this fixed in a reasonable manner? permalink award report block reply ACActual 8 points 3 days ago We should follow the Irish model. Sorry your house burnt down.   Traitor permalink award report block reply jiminycricket1941 8 points 3 days ago Think of the smell. permalink award report block reply ckover9000 8 points 3 days ago HOW do you graduate without being required to attend any classes? Just how TF does that work? They're basically just purchasing a diploma? I've been doing what I do for almost 30 years, never graduated from college but would never even be considered for the same work today without a diploma. Could I just buy one, too? permalink award report block reply HuggableBear 4 points 2 days ago Yes, basically permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 3 points 2 days ago Any foreigners who are rich can buy, bribe, nearly any university in the West. Huge money. From India, Hong Kong, wherever, they buy the degree. If they turn up to class, they just sleep through it. It was a strange sight to see, they must have been up all night at their party, then drive their turbocharged Toyota or Nissan to the university, sleep with their head on the table during the classes, and get handed their degree at the end as long as their check cleared. They also did not like the locals. permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 4 points 2 days ago Not here for a work permit. Here for citizenship. They invaded Canada the same way, now own it. permalink award report block reply Antenna 3 points 2 days ago How the fuck do they afford the tuition that no American kid I know can afford?? permalink award report block reply EvilGreed209 2 points 2 days ago Literal people bombs...just all the college and truck driving plus Uber Lyft is literally half of India here in the last 30 years...its dumb to have a country where most our family had people who fought and died in wars to have  see all these habeebs and their arch enemy arabs all flood on in is fucking insane. Still waiting on pussy eu to savage the invaders but theyll probably just be bred out at this point. permalink award report block reply
impera 31 points 3 days ago Does education have a money-laundering equivalent? This seems like it. No one recognizes the value of any credential from scam colleges in india, so indians arrive to do the same scam with some western college or university. The value of which also becomes zero as soon as the scam has any light cast upon it. permalink award report block reply DoesItWorkAlready 18 points 3 days ago credential laundering.  It's been going on for at least 2 decades permalink parent award report block reply mohel 14 points 3 days ago and who hires them? companies run by other jeets? permalink parent award report block reply impera 11 points 3 days ago That seems to be how the scam trucking companies work. So maybe. permalink parent award report block reply
DoesItWorkAlready 18 points 3 days ago credential laundering.  It's been going on for at least 2 decades permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 14 points 3 days ago and who hires them? companies run by other jeets? permalink parent award report block reply impera 11 points 3 days ago That seems to be how the scam trucking companies work. So maybe. permalink parent award report block reply
impera 11 points 3 days ago That seems to be how the scam trucking companies work. So maybe. permalink parent award report block reply
pedespeed 16 points 3 days ago Could this be like an Eduction/Immigration Industrial Complex? permalink award report block reply
dparks2010 10 points 2 days ago Jeets and Asian H1B's take White Collar jobs, legal and illegal non-citizens take the Blue Collar and unskilled jobs, and Americans are left working in the scraps only to have crooked politicians send half of what we earn to corrupt countries for money laundering. How is this fixed in a reasonable manner? permalink award report block reply
ACActual 8 points 3 days ago We should follow the Irish model. Sorry your house burnt down.   Traitor permalink award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 8 points 3 days ago Think of the smell. permalink award report block reply
ckover9000 8 points 3 days ago HOW do you graduate without being required to attend any classes? Just how TF does that work? They're basically just purchasing a diploma? I've been doing what I do for almost 30 years, never graduated from college but would never even be considered for the same work today without a diploma. Could I just buy one, too? permalink award report block reply HuggableBear 4 points 2 days ago Yes, basically permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 3 points 2 days ago Any foreigners who are rich can buy, bribe, nearly any university in the West. Huge money. From India, Hong Kong, wherever, they buy the degree. If they turn up to class, they just sleep through it. It was a strange sight to see, they must have been up all night at their party, then drive their turbocharged Toyota or Nissan to the university, sleep with their head on the table during the classes, and get handed their degree at the end as long as their check cleared. They also did not like the locals. permalink parent award report block reply
HuggableBear 4 points 2 days ago Yes, basically permalink parent award report block reply
magnokor 3 points 2 days ago Any foreigners who are rich can buy, bribe, nearly any university in the West. Huge money. From India, Hong Kong, wherever, they buy the degree. If they turn up to class, they just sleep through it. It was a strange sight to see, they must have been up all night at their party, then drive their turbocharged Toyota or Nissan to the university, sleep with their head on the table during the classes, and get handed their degree at the end as long as their check cleared. They also did not like the locals. permalink parent award report block reply
magnokor 4 points 2 days ago Not here for a work permit. Here for citizenship. They invaded Canada the same way, now own it. permalink award report block reply
Antenna 3 points 2 days ago How the fuck do they afford the tuition that no American kid I know can afford?? permalink award report block reply
EvilGreed209 2 points 2 days ago Literal people bombs...just all the college and truck driving plus Uber Lyft is literally half of India here in the last 30 years...its dumb to have a country where most our family had people who fought and died in wars to have  see all these habeebs and their arch enemy arabs all flood on in is fucking insane. Still waiting on pussy eu to savage the invaders but theyll probably just be bred out at this point. permalink award report block reply