14 Same Firm Sues Schaffer and Seraphin for Social Media Posts on Behalf of Kash Patel's Girlfriend posted 2 hours ago by flashersenpai 5 comments award share report block Kyle Seraphin @KyleSeraphin • 19h I have posted this meme over 100 times I'd guess. One was under the post @ElijahSchaffer made resulting in a lawsuit. Binnall runs the firm suing both of us and is President of the Kash Foundation. Kyle Seraphin @KyleSeraphin • 1d This @ElijahSchaffer tweet got the same lawsuit for the same amount of money from the same law firm as I got. The law firm is @BinnallLaw which is run by @jbinnall who is also the President of the Kash Foundation. (formerly Fight with Kash) They share a physical
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Psyllim_sika 4 points 2 hours ago Boy are we suckers. I am an all day sucker. Well as the saying goes never give a sucker an even break. 🤷 my New Year's resolution will be to not be a sucker, and fall for people like cash patel. permalink award report block reply flashersenpai OP 1 points 56 minutes ago it happens man gg permalink parent award report block reply loooooof 3 points 2 hours ago "Well-known country singer", Alexis Wilkins. permalink award report block reply overblod 1 points 2 hours ago You mess with Israel, try to expose them, they strike back... permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 2 hours ago Lol, if people didn't know she is a spy, they do now. Great job Kash. You're so smart. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 2 hours ago To sue someone over a meme is a European government thing. What a joke. permalink award report block reply
Psyllim_sika 4 points 2 hours ago Boy are we suckers. I am an all day sucker. Well as the saying goes never give a sucker an even break. 🤷 my New Year's resolution will be to not be a sucker, and fall for people like cash patel. permalink award report block reply flashersenpai OP 1 points 56 minutes ago it happens man gg permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 1 points 56 minutes ago it happens man gg permalink parent award report block reply
loooooof 3 points 2 hours ago "Well-known country singer", Alexis Wilkins. permalink award report block reply
overblod 1 points 2 hours ago You mess with Israel, try to expose them, they strike back... permalink award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 2 hours ago Lol, if people didn't know she is a spy, they do now. Great job Kash. You're so smart. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 2 hours ago To sue someone over a meme is a European government thing. What a joke. permalink award report block reply