497 Abolish Obamacare posted 1 day ago by Belleoffreedom 24 comments award share report block Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 2d American has been getting her same medication for 5 years for $20 This year the medication changed to being $124 per month without warning, she can’t afford it The pharmacist said if she didn’t use her insurance it would only be $16 US Health insurance is a scam “My insurance
24 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save FusionBlack 23 points 1 day ago Just retired in may. Purchased a company sponsored health care plan at a reasonable rate. It just went up $400 more a month. It's a scam. It's to the point that if your married yo need to get divorced and place you assets in someone's else's name so as the hospital can't bankrupt you. And illegals get free healthcare. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 19 points 1 day ago And illegals get free healthcare. Illegals get the additional $400 you’re now paying. FTFY. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 9 points 1 day ago The beatings will continue until morale improves - The government permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 2 points 1 day ago I heard they approved a short breather between beatings. Though the verbal abuse will never end. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 8 points 1 day ago paying cash saves you money bigtime, health insurance is just a way to milk you permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 16 points 1 day ago If she paid the $124 instead of the $16, the extra $108 went to Pharma kickbacks and funding illegals permalink award report block reply God-is-good 7 points 1 day ago She paid 240$ min more than she needed in the last five years. Multiply that over all the ignorant insurance slaves... plus add in the extra the insurance company decided they could gift... that’s a lot of kickbacks. permalink parent award report block reply budgsxr 13 points 1 day ago She looks like she would have voted for Kamala.. I could be wrong. But experiences like that tend to wake folks up. I wish everyone would just stop paying their insurance policies. All insurance policies from health to auto. Insurance is a scam. It needs to rebuilt from the ground up. permalink award report block reply Kylsix 10 points 1 day ago My eyes were opened to this when my dad paid cash for a doctor's visit. We had the same exact illness and got the same exact treatment at the same exact doctor just days apart. He paid $200 cash.  I was paying that per month for insurance I never used, and the bill the doctor sent to the insurance company was over $3000. Insurance is a scam and the health care industry abuses the fuck out of it. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 6 points 1 day ago it makes sense lady you are a CHUMP like everyone with health insurance after obama permalink award report block reply PlantTrees 4 points 1 day ago True and she is doubly chump because she is taking something for an extended time that is not necessary or life-saving or curative. permalink parent award report block reply Belleoffreedom OP 4 points 1 day ago https://x.com/WallStreetApes/status/1988011095022596428?s=20 permalink award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 4 points 1 day ago This literally just happened to me too! My pharmacist told me I could use my plan and pay a higher price or pay out of pocket for a reasonable price. The insurance companies have figured out how to scam us out of our deductible limits. It’s absurd. And of course when I call my congressmen they say “well I’ll look into it.” permalink award report block reply Liberats 3 points 1 day ago This is like excesses on car insurance. It is to put you off claiming from the insurance for 'smaller amounts' permalink award report block reply ActNow 2 points 1 day ago Obamacare is as scam. For this particular problem, go to another pharmacy and use GoodRX. permalink award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 1 day ago This isn’t just the ACA plans. I have employer sponsored insurance and this exact thing happened to me too. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 0 points 23 hours ago If it's medication overcharges, try GoodRX for now. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 1 points 1 day ago I was in college and got a sinus infection.  Went to the nurse at the pharmacy college on campus, got a prescription for penicillin for $2 right there, was fine in a couple days.  Got another sinus infection a year later during the summer, went to an urgent care which cost me $60 for the co pay, to CVS to fill the prescription, they rang it up as no insurance for $184, I said hold up I have insurance. so they re-rang it, it came up as $360 but a $15 co pay for me.  This bullshit where they charge outrageous prices when they bill insurance has to stop.  No one cares because no matter what is being charged, they pay the same couple of bucks as their co pay, but then bitch when their insurance premiums keep going up.  Without any reason to shop base on price, health insurance will never stop increasing in price. permalink award report block reply Kolob64 2 points 1 day ago They have to charge more because it takes a huge staff to get the insurance companies to pay and they draw it out as long as possible.  A dentist office that is cash only can have 3-4 fewer employees.  Some doctors have gone cash only as well.  People who pay out of pocket come out ahead. permalink parent award report block reply Kolob64 1 points 1 day ago I have known about this for ages and always compare the cash price.  I will not get the Medicare drug benefit when I qualify. permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 1 points 23 hours ago Yup. Wife had to take a medication for a short time that would have been $90/month with insurance. Pharmacist told us this, then said something along the lines of, If you want to pay out of pocket you’re looking at $20 for a 3-month supply. permalink award report block reply Shibbs70 1 points 1 day ago ACA and insurance companies hard at work for you! permalink award report block reply Crapachino 1 points 1 day ago Come on now, someone has to pay the negro president's royalties. permalink award report block reply krakah293 1 points 22 hours ago I twisted my ankle last February.  Doctor gave me an ankle brace in the exam room.  Got a bill for that brace later because up until that point I hadn't met my deductible. They're charging me $80 for an ankle brace I can get at CVS for $25.  Called about it. Said the insurance sets the price.  I'm still not paying it. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 23 points 1 day ago Just retired in may. Purchased a company sponsored health care plan at a reasonable rate. It just went up $400 more a month. It's a scam. It's to the point that if your married yo need to get divorced and place you assets in someone's else's name so as the hospital can't bankrupt you. And illegals get free healthcare. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 19 points 1 day ago And illegals get free healthcare. Illegals get the additional $400 you’re now paying. FTFY. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 9 points 1 day ago The beatings will continue until morale improves - The government permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 2 points 1 day ago I heard they approved a short breather between beatings. Though the verbal abuse will never end. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 8 points 1 day ago paying cash saves you money bigtime, health insurance is just a way to milk you permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 19 points 1 day ago And illegals get free healthcare. Illegals get the additional $400 you’re now paying. FTFY. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 9 points 1 day ago The beatings will continue until morale improves - The government permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 2 points 1 day ago I heard they approved a short breather between beatings. Though the verbal abuse will never end. permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 2 points 1 day ago I heard they approved a short breather between beatings. Though the verbal abuse will never end. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 8 points 1 day ago paying cash saves you money bigtime, health insurance is just a way to milk you permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 16 points 1 day ago If she paid the $124 instead of the $16, the extra $108 went to Pharma kickbacks and funding illegals permalink award report block reply God-is-good 7 points 1 day ago She paid 240$ min more than she needed in the last five years. Multiply that over all the ignorant insurance slaves... plus add in the extra the insurance company decided they could gift... that’s a lot of kickbacks. permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 7 points 1 day ago She paid 240$ min more than she needed in the last five years. Multiply that over all the ignorant insurance slaves... plus add in the extra the insurance company decided they could gift... that’s a lot of kickbacks. permalink parent award report block reply
budgsxr 13 points 1 day ago She looks like she would have voted for Kamala.. I could be wrong. But experiences like that tend to wake folks up. I wish everyone would just stop paying their insurance policies. All insurance policies from health to auto. Insurance is a scam. It needs to rebuilt from the ground up. permalink award report block reply
Kylsix 10 points 1 day ago My eyes were opened to this when my dad paid cash for a doctor's visit. We had the same exact illness and got the same exact treatment at the same exact doctor just days apart. He paid $200 cash.  I was paying that per month for insurance I never used, and the bill the doctor sent to the insurance company was over $3000. Insurance is a scam and the health care industry abuses the fuck out of it. permalink award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 6 points 1 day ago it makes sense lady you are a CHUMP like everyone with health insurance after obama permalink award report block reply PlantTrees 4 points 1 day ago True and she is doubly chump because she is taking something for an extended time that is not necessary or life-saving or curative. permalink parent award report block reply
PlantTrees 4 points 1 day ago True and she is doubly chump because she is taking something for an extended time that is not necessary or life-saving or curative. permalink parent award report block reply
Belleoffreedom OP 4 points 1 day ago https://x.com/WallStreetApes/status/1988011095022596428?s=20 permalink award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 4 points 1 day ago This literally just happened to me too! My pharmacist told me I could use my plan and pay a higher price or pay out of pocket for a reasonable price. The insurance companies have figured out how to scam us out of our deductible limits. It’s absurd. And of course when I call my congressmen they say “well I’ll look into it.” permalink award report block reply
Liberats 3 points 1 day ago This is like excesses on car insurance. It is to put you off claiming from the insurance for 'smaller amounts' permalink award report block reply
ActNow 2 points 1 day ago Obamacare is as scam. For this particular problem, go to another pharmacy and use GoodRX. permalink award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 1 day ago This isn’t just the ACA plans. I have employer sponsored insurance and this exact thing happened to me too. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 0 points 23 hours ago If it's medication overcharges, try GoodRX for now. permalink parent award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 2 points 1 day ago This isn’t just the ACA plans. I have employer sponsored insurance and this exact thing happened to me too. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 0 points 23 hours ago If it's medication overcharges, try GoodRX for now. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 0 points 23 hours ago If it's medication overcharges, try GoodRX for now. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 1 points 1 day ago I was in college and got a sinus infection.  Went to the nurse at the pharmacy college on campus, got a prescription for penicillin for $2 right there, was fine in a couple days.  Got another sinus infection a year later during the summer, went to an urgent care which cost me $60 for the co pay, to CVS to fill the prescription, they rang it up as no insurance for $184, I said hold up I have insurance. so they re-rang it, it came up as $360 but a $15 co pay for me.  This bullshit where they charge outrageous prices when they bill insurance has to stop.  No one cares because no matter what is being charged, they pay the same couple of bucks as their co pay, but then bitch when their insurance premiums keep going up.  Without any reason to shop base on price, health insurance will never stop increasing in price. permalink award report block reply Kolob64 2 points 1 day ago They have to charge more because it takes a huge staff to get the insurance companies to pay and they draw it out as long as possible.  A dentist office that is cash only can have 3-4 fewer employees.  Some doctors have gone cash only as well.  People who pay out of pocket come out ahead. permalink parent award report block reply
Kolob64 2 points 1 day ago They have to charge more because it takes a huge staff to get the insurance companies to pay and they draw it out as long as possible.  A dentist office that is cash only can have 3-4 fewer employees.  Some doctors have gone cash only as well.  People who pay out of pocket come out ahead. permalink parent award report block reply
Kolob64 1 points 1 day ago I have known about this for ages and always compare the cash price.  I will not get the Medicare drug benefit when I qualify. permalink award report block reply
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 1 points 23 hours ago Yup. Wife had to take a medication for a short time that would have been $90/month with insurance. Pharmacist told us this, then said something along the lines of, If you want to pay out of pocket you’re looking at $20 for a 3-month supply. permalink award report block reply
Shibbs70 1 points 1 day ago ACA and insurance companies hard at work for you! permalink award report block reply
Crapachino 1 points 1 day ago Come on now, someone has to pay the negro president's royalties. permalink award report block reply
krakah293 1 points 22 hours ago I twisted my ankle last February.  Doctor gave me an ankle brace in the exam room.  Got a bill for that brace later because up until that point I hadn't met my deductible. They're charging me $80 for an ankle brace I can get at CVS for $25.  Called about it. Said the insurance sets the price.  I'm still not paying it. permalink award report block reply