423 Great news guys, the majority Republican congress will likely pass some legislation soon! Will it save you money on rent or food or be anything you give a single shit about? Why no, it is a bill to aid in the recovery of Nazi-looted art! This is exactly what I voted for, yippe! BE  LESS  RETARDED posted 5 days ago by BidenSniffsLittleKid 48 comments award share download report block
48 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save ReleasetheList 36 points 5 days ago I'm sure this will resonate with the 70% of people living paycheck to paycheck to pay for all the parasites that hate them and the country. It will especially resonate with the under 30 crowd that probably won't be able to buy their first home until they are 50 at the current rate. permalink award report block reply peterstrzoked 10 points 5 days ago It definitely resonates with John Cornyn’s only constituent - AIPAC permalink parent award report block reply Retard_Strength 34 points 5 days ago How about asking George Soros? He said he had the best time of his life looting shit from his fellow jews for the Nazis permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 10 points 5 days ago ☝ permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 7 points 5 days ago Ya George soros has this art hidden under his bed. Better check fed permalink parent award report block reply sir_rockness 24 points 5 days ago We can always trust in the fact that our congress will MIGA permalink award report block reply loooooof 22 points 5 days ago Cornyn. A pathetic faggot. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 12 points 5 days ago The Senate, pathetic child diddling faggots! permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 10 points 5 days ago John Cornyn? More like... John... Blowsguysyn... Fuck it, he's a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Post Still Checks Out permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 19 points 5 days ago Clearly we need someone far more extreme than trump permalink award report block reply anotherthing 10 points 5 days ago We need someone that doesn't make Israel the priority. That's not Trump or most of Congress. permalink parent award report block reply BerettaStroker 8 points 5 days ago And then suddenly, one day, for no reason at all.... permalink parent award report block reply Centralbankingsystem 5 points 5 days ago Maybe someone who paints permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 12 points 5 days ago Can't imagine why anyone says our government serves another. permalink award report block reply wst4 12 points 5 days ago Cornyn is a garbage ass RINO! permalink award report block reply mydogma8yourkarma 12 points 5 days ago We must be all out of problems... permalink award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 11 points 5 days ago Useless alcoholics. permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 11 points 5 days ago YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKING KIDDING ME.... permalink award report block reply Briben 10 points 5 days ago No Cornyn. No Thune. permalink award report block reply SpeekFreely 7 points 5 days ago List of colleagues supporting the effort, some of them operating under the MAGA label https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/news/cornyn-blumenthal-colleagues-bill-to-aid-recovery-of-nazi-confiscated-art-passes-committee/ permalink award report block reply 62jawbill 6 points 5 days ago Ok Jew cunts on here, defend this stupid fucking shit and tell me how this helps Americans. Our Government is owned by AIPAC. permalink award report block reply Cville123 6 points 5 days ago That’s  your bill?  Nothing on affordability? permalink award report block reply deleted 6 points 5 days ago LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 5 days ago Yep. Who cares about the slavs (Serbians, Czechs, Russians, Ukrainians, Polish, Belarusians) that were mass slaughtered by the Nazis and their allies only the chosen ever suffered. permalink parent award report block reply geekesmind 3 points 5 days ago Russia and China killed way way more people in WW2 . All the Jews can do is bring up this fake ass 6 million number. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 5 points 5 days ago 0 arrests still permalink award report block reply aoneleggedduck 5 points 5 days ago I can't fuckin wait for there to be no more "surviving Holocaust victims" permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 5 points 5 days ago well oy to the fuckin vey permalink award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 5 points 5 days ago And this fixes America how exactly? Honestly at this point the GOP deserves everything that happens to them come mid terms. permalink award report block reply RichardCranium 5 points 5 days ago Well, I'm glad we're getting to the bottom of our "real problems" permalink award report block reply Cool_Coolidge 4 points 5 days ago Wow, I hate senate republicans. They almost all entirely suck. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 4 points 5 days ago why don't you pin this ziomods permalink award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 4 points 5 days ago HOLY FUCK NOBODY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE HOLOCAUST. We need affordable food and shelter and these faggots are still sucking off dead jews. permalink award report block reply starjello 3 points 5 days ago I just love all this winning. Down vote away cuckolded fags permalink award report block reply Couchbeer69 3 points 5 days ago This dude is such a loser permalink award report block reply cryptoapebot 3 points 5 days ago Why didn't they do this 50 years ago?  Why now?  They even have already made several movies out of it & used the same concept in multiple tv shows.   Don't they have more important things to be working on? permalink award report block reply Centralbankingsystem 3 points 5 days ago Don’t you get it? We need to provide aid because Nazis stole their artwork 90 years ago. They obviously need another few hundred million $$$ just to be safe. permalink parent award report block reply Abovethefray 2 points 5 days ago Thank goodness!  Finally back to helping Israel... permalink award report block reply cbonez416 2 points 5 days ago What? Who give a fuck!! Let's see fort Knox!! permalink award report block reply schiff_for_brains 2 points 5 days ago We live in an amazing timeline.  The most pressing issue of the day is securing property that was stolen 80 years ago, outside of our country, by and from people who don't live here. permalink award report block reply chahn1138 2 points 5 days ago The Worthless Corn-In actually believes that if he sucks a thousand elvish cocks on live television that Life will invite him to the Party. i.e. he is DELUDED. permalink award report block reply Icepck 2 points 5 days ago We have to spend money on more people? permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 2 points 5 days ago If it makes you all feel better. This pro-Israeli dick sucking won’t last much longer. The younger politicians really don’t like Israel. It’s only a matter of time before an anti-Israeli majority takes over Congress. It will probably be the first thing that truly unites the left and right. permalink award report block reply truthjusticetruth 1 points 5 days ago Trump has to open his eyes to nonsense like this. This is nothing short of ridiculousness. permalink award report block reply curiousorganelle 1 points 5 days ago Midterms are gonna be lit, what a bunch of losers permalink award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 1 points 5 days ago Corbin is a moron and is up for reelection this cycle. Vote for Ken Paxton. permalink award report block reply jiujiujiu 1 points 5 days ago I swear some of these people in congress are living like the world is the same as it was 40 years ago. permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 36 points 5 days ago I'm sure this will resonate with the 70% of people living paycheck to paycheck to pay for all the parasites that hate them and the country. It will especially resonate with the under 30 crowd that probably won't be able to buy their first home until they are 50 at the current rate. permalink award report block reply peterstrzoked 10 points 5 days ago It definitely resonates with John Cornyn’s only constituent - AIPAC permalink parent award report block reply
peterstrzoked 10 points 5 days ago It definitely resonates with John Cornyn’s only constituent - AIPAC permalink parent award report block reply
Retard_Strength 34 points 5 days ago How about asking George Soros? He said he had the best time of his life looting shit from his fellow jews for the Nazis permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 10 points 5 days ago ☝ permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 7 points 5 days ago Ya George soros has this art hidden under his bed. Better check fed permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 10 points 5 days ago ☝ permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 7 points 5 days ago Ya George soros has this art hidden under his bed. Better check fed permalink parent award report block reply
sir_rockness 24 points 5 days ago We can always trust in the fact that our congress will MIGA permalink award report block reply
loooooof 22 points 5 days ago Cornyn. A pathetic faggot. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 12 points 5 days ago The Senate, pathetic child diddling faggots! permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 10 points 5 days ago John Cornyn? More like... John... Blowsguysyn... Fuck it, he's a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Post Still Checks Out permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 12 points 5 days ago The Senate, pathetic child diddling faggots! permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 10 points 5 days ago John Cornyn? More like... John... Blowsguysyn... Fuck it, he's a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Post Still Checks Out permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Post Still Checks Out permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestZoomer 19 points 5 days ago Clearly we need someone far more extreme than trump permalink award report block reply anotherthing 10 points 5 days ago We need someone that doesn't make Israel the priority. That's not Trump or most of Congress. permalink parent award report block reply BerettaStroker 8 points 5 days ago And then suddenly, one day, for no reason at all.... permalink parent award report block reply Centralbankingsystem 5 points 5 days ago Maybe someone who paints permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 10 points 5 days ago We need someone that doesn't make Israel the priority. That's not Trump or most of Congress. permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker 8 points 5 days ago And then suddenly, one day, for no reason at all.... permalink parent award report block reply
Centralbankingsystem 5 points 5 days ago Maybe someone who paints permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 12 points 5 days ago Can't imagine why anyone says our government serves another. permalink award report block reply
wst4 12 points 5 days ago Cornyn is a garbage ass RINO! permalink award report block reply
mydogma8yourkarma 12 points 5 days ago We must be all out of problems... permalink award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 11 points 5 days ago Useless alcoholics. permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 11 points 5 days ago YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKING KIDDING ME.... permalink award report block reply
Briben 10 points 5 days ago No Cornyn. No Thune. permalink award report block reply
SpeekFreely 7 points 5 days ago List of colleagues supporting the effort, some of them operating under the MAGA label https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/news/cornyn-blumenthal-colleagues-bill-to-aid-recovery-of-nazi-confiscated-art-passes-committee/ permalink award report block reply
62jawbill 6 points 5 days ago Ok Jew cunts on here, defend this stupid fucking shit and tell me how this helps Americans. Our Government is owned by AIPAC. permalink award report block reply
Cville123 6 points 5 days ago That’s  your bill?  Nothing on affordability? permalink award report block reply
deleted 6 points 5 days ago LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 5 days ago Yep. Who cares about the slavs (Serbians, Czechs, Russians, Ukrainians, Polish, Belarusians) that were mass slaughtered by the Nazis and their allies only the chosen ever suffered. permalink parent award report block reply geekesmind 3 points 5 days ago Russia and China killed way way more people in WW2 . All the Jews can do is bring up this fake ass 6 million number. permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 5 days ago Yep. Who cares about the slavs (Serbians, Czechs, Russians, Ukrainians, Polish, Belarusians) that were mass slaughtered by the Nazis and their allies only the chosen ever suffered. permalink parent award report block reply geekesmind 3 points 5 days ago Russia and China killed way way more people in WW2 . All the Jews can do is bring up this fake ass 6 million number. permalink parent award report block reply
geekesmind 3 points 5 days ago Russia and China killed way way more people in WW2 . All the Jews can do is bring up this fake ass 6 million number. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 5 points 5 days ago 0 arrests still permalink award report block reply
aoneleggedduck 5 points 5 days ago I can't fuckin wait for there to be no more "surviving Holocaust victims" permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 5 points 5 days ago well oy to the fuckin vey permalink award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 5 points 5 days ago And this fixes America how exactly? Honestly at this point the GOP deserves everything that happens to them come mid terms. permalink award report block reply
RichardCranium 5 points 5 days ago Well, I'm glad we're getting to the bottom of our "real problems" permalink award report block reply
Cool_Coolidge 4 points 5 days ago Wow, I hate senate republicans. They almost all entirely suck. permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 4 points 5 days ago why don't you pin this ziomods permalink award report block reply
SickOfNeoPolitics 4 points 5 days ago HOLY FUCK NOBODY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE HOLOCAUST. We need affordable food and shelter and these faggots are still sucking off dead jews. permalink award report block reply
starjello 3 points 5 days ago I just love all this winning. Down vote away cuckolded fags permalink award report block reply
Couchbeer69 3 points 5 days ago This dude is such a loser permalink award report block reply
cryptoapebot 3 points 5 days ago Why didn't they do this 50 years ago?  Why now?  They even have already made several movies out of it & used the same concept in multiple tv shows.   Don't they have more important things to be working on? permalink award report block reply Centralbankingsystem 3 points 5 days ago Don’t you get it? We need to provide aid because Nazis stole their artwork 90 years ago. They obviously need another few hundred million $$$ just to be safe. permalink parent award report block reply
Centralbankingsystem 3 points 5 days ago Don’t you get it? We need to provide aid because Nazis stole their artwork 90 years ago. They obviously need another few hundred million $$$ just to be safe. permalink parent award report block reply
Abovethefray 2 points 5 days ago Thank goodness!  Finally back to helping Israel... permalink award report block reply
cbonez416 2 points 5 days ago What? Who give a fuck!! Let's see fort Knox!! permalink award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 2 points 5 days ago We live in an amazing timeline.  The most pressing issue of the day is securing property that was stolen 80 years ago, outside of our country, by and from people who don't live here. permalink award report block reply
chahn1138 2 points 5 days ago The Worthless Corn-In actually believes that if he sucks a thousand elvish cocks on live television that Life will invite him to the Party. i.e. he is DELUDED. permalink award report block reply
Icepck 2 points 5 days ago We have to spend money on more people? permalink award report block reply
aaafirefly123 2 points 5 days ago If it makes you all feel better. This pro-Israeli dick sucking won’t last much longer. The younger politicians really don’t like Israel. It’s only a matter of time before an anti-Israeli majority takes over Congress. It will probably be the first thing that truly unites the left and right. permalink award report block reply
truthjusticetruth 1 points 5 days ago Trump has to open his eyes to nonsense like this. This is nothing short of ridiculousness. permalink award report block reply
curiousorganelle 1 points 5 days ago Midterms are gonna be lit, what a bunch of losers permalink award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 1 points 5 days ago Corbin is a moron and is up for reelection this cycle. Vote for Ken Paxton. permalink award report block reply
jiujiujiu 1 points 5 days ago I swear some of these people in congress are living like the world is the same as it was 40 years ago. permalink award report block reply