51 Piers Morgan APOLOGIZES to Novak Djokovic for condemning him for not taking the vaccine in 2022. 💉  GET  BOOSTED  💉 posted 3 hours ago by PatriotSam 4 comments award share report block Collin Rugg @CollinRugg • 24h NEW: Piers Morgan apologizes to tennis star Novak Djokovic for previously criticizing him for not getting the COVID-19 vaccination. "I’m going to start by making an apology." "And it’s for this. I was very censorious about you over the COVID scandal that you got caught
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget NeverNotTrump 4 points 2 hours ago IMO, the only appropriate response to that is "Piers, you're still a giant sack of shit.  GFY." permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 2 hours ago Piers should instead ask everyone to demand apologies and punishment from the people who knew this fact and intentionally lied. They all want to play "This is what I believed at the time. Now I know" bullshit when they knew they were being told by those greatly incentivized to lie. It doesn't take a medical degree to glean that fact. permalink award report block reply 0care 2 points 2 hours ago still a no guns cuck permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 2 hours ago The British Way permalink parent award report block reply
NeverNotTrump 4 points 2 hours ago IMO, the only appropriate response to that is "Piers, you're still a giant sack of shit.  GFY." permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 2 hours ago Piers should instead ask everyone to demand apologies and punishment from the people who knew this fact and intentionally lied. They all want to play "This is what I believed at the time. Now I know" bullshit when they knew they were being told by those greatly incentivized to lie. It doesn't take a medical degree to glean that fact. permalink award report block reply
0care 2 points 2 hours ago still a no guns cuck permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 2 hours ago The British Way permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 1 points 2 hours ago The British Way permalink parent award report block reply