1151 Canadian Man Devastated After Government Euthanizes Both His Grandmothers (slaynews.com) posted 5 days ago by rdvs34283 155 comments award share report block Canadian Man Devastated After Government Euthanizes Both Grandmothers - Slay News A Canadian man is sounding the alarm after both of his grandmothers were killed by government-sanctioned euthanasia within weeks in a double tragedy, he says has left deep wounds that will never fully heal. slaynews.com
155 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Iremembermypassword 220 points 5 days ago Canada is literally murdering old people so they don‘t have to pay their pensions. permalink award report block reply DagneyTaggart 164 points 5 days ago So the pensions may be stolen to feed black and brown parasites. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyKrakenBalls 103 points 5 days ago Those parasites are breeding at the expense of those that worked their entire lives. Bolshevik demons are in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 27 points 5 days ago Finally someone else sees it. This site has been raging about muzzies and hasn’t bothered looking behind the curtain. permalink parent award report block reply therealrivensky 3 points 5 days ago This site has seen what muzzies are doing to Europe, and who the chaos in Europe is truly benefitting and they are not gonna have it here. Behind the curtains is jihad and always jihad. The end game of globalism is jihad. Always has been. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 5 days ago Nah, they took the jab.  Sterile now. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 33 points 5 days ago My new favorite word for them: kleptoparasites (it's an actual category of parasites - they survive by stealing the food and resources of other species). permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 17 points 5 days ago kleptoparssitic invasive species permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 5 days ago I still prefer to call them demons; or at best satanically inspired. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 2 points 5 days ago Satan's chosen children. Making their father proud. permalink parent award report block reply militantnationalist6 7 points 5 days ago Thank you for this. Will begin using this term to accurately describe what we are experiencing. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 5 points 5 days ago Kleptonecropsy. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago If you squeeze one hard, will you get kleptojuice? permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... BruddahIz 7 points 5 days ago My Canadian Doctor from India recommended it. permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 42 points 5 days ago It's called progress and if you don't agree you're a racist or bigot or transphobic. permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 24 points 5 days ago I'm all 3. Just sayin'.... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 12 points 5 days ago Why, yes. I will take that label and wear it as a badge of pride and honor! permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 3 points 5 days ago "Hey bigot. You can't take our Pride and wear it. It's ours. You can have your honor though, because we have none"....said some faggot. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 1 points 5 days ago Trifecta permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 14 points 5 days ago You forgot nazi, fascist and white supremacist. permalink parent award report block reply jaeger 19 points 5 days ago Our country murdered them to get mail-in ballots. permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 10 points 5 days ago Facts. permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 9 points 5 days ago Look we only have enough money to pay pensions or welfare and we chose permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 6 points 5 days ago This a big goal of that policy.  The Canadian government can use that money for immigrants. The governments of European countries have become more authoritarian as they implement liberal fascism. permalink parent award report block reply load 13 more comments... TheSwampThang 85 points 5 days ago Using the wealth and power of the state to Convince people to kill themselves is the definition of evil.  This program is beyond satanic,  and the people running it are literal devils. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 40 points 5 days ago Canada needs Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 5 days ago Canada is what happens when you destroy a country’s national identity. You get a soulless Neo Marxist hellhole permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 28 points 5 days ago As Canada prepares to expand euthanasia to include those with mental illness I'm guessing "disagreeing with the government" will be on the list of mental illnesses soon. permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 14 points 5 days ago They already have ODD (obstinate defiance disorder). All it take is some definition wrangling and boom, not supporting the current thing is now a euthanizable offense. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 5 days ago Who could of seen this coming!?!?! QUE the idiot feds who keep spamming the board recently saying the US needs Asylums again.
No it fucking doesn't. The government should NEVER have that power. Destroy the FBI, CIA, NSA and other alphabets. And watch how much better the population's mental problems go away without their psyops and drugs empire destroying mind body and soul. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 13 points 5 days ago Or believe in The Apostles Creed permalink parent award report block reply mcoulton 1 points 5 days ago downs syndrome is a condition that won’t get better permalink parent award report block reply bratt 3 points 5 days ago the people running it need to (the last 4 letters of your username) permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 5 days ago The article is not accurate.  They killed all 4 of his grandmothers permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt -6 points 5 days ago I agree with the sentiment, but the biggest problem I have is that we will never know the full story to understand what is really happening due to medical privacy laws. It has been my general experience in the Healthcare field that family members drag out inevitable outcomes far longer for family members and prolong suffering. This isn't out of malice, but paradoxical love with worries they did not do enough to save them - which is the exact sentiment expressed within the article. I'm uncomfortable with the idea of denying the ability for a family member to choose to end suffering, and I'm also uncomfortable with the idea that the government may push family members to that choice with an ulterior motive of cost savings. Healthcare is definitely a limited resource and must be triaged in times of crisis (mass casualties for example), and no Healthcare providers want to be in that position to choose either. It's a shitty situation all around. Medical autonomy is absolutely essential. We have agency over our own bodies, but we also don't have a right to force medical professionals to do "anything" we want that is actually harmful. Harm has an element of subjectivity to it, so there will always be a debate about exactly where that line is. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 6 points 5 days ago There's a difference between non-interventions and having doctors kill patients. And it's not just a personal choice. Once the system allows for medical health professionals to kill their patients, it doesn't stay voluntary. Both doctors and patients to get pressured into this. There becomes an expectation that sick people just die. It changes the relationship between patient and doctor fundamentally. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 2 points 5 days ago Tell me the exact amount of morphine that a patient needs to reduce suffering during a terminal illness that would never be considered "euthanasia". Some have tolerance to the drug, others don't and even have weak metabolism that let's it build up in the system faster than others. Under a palliative/DNR/DNI scenarios, if you cross that unknown morphine threshold and respiratory drive is suppressed enough, it will expedite death. The alternative is not allowing morphine or comparable drugs for severe suffering and pain out of fear of being accused of euthanasia. Then you basically forced everyone with terminal illnesses to agonizing death. The people downvoting think this some obvious black-and-white issue when it's rarely the case. I don't have an easy answer because the problem isn't easy to solve. A potential unintended consequence of making euthanasia illegal is a clinical staff member that is fearful of giving too much pain medication when the patient is literally begging for it, because the amount is associated with lethality. Imagine you have morphine in your hands right now as a medical professional, and someone with metastatic stage 4 cancer is in complete agony. They are in tears yelling "give me the morphine!". You know that adding any more morphine categories it as lethal and potentially euthanasia. What would you do? I'm genuinely curious. permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 1 points 5 days ago California has a similar size population as Canada and their assisted  suicide is a tiny fraction of what Canada does.  Canada will agree to put you on the list if you're sad or frustrated with the medical care the government is giving you.   In California,  you have to have an actual brutal medical condition. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago You're making a reasonable point, except that maid program was created near explicitly as a cost saving measure. They are offering the "service", for example, to people who are paralyzed rather than pay to have a ramp built, or vets suffering PTSD, homeless people, etc... permalink parent award report block reply BillGateCanSuckIt 40 points 5 days ago Canadian government has a solution for his grief, has he tried to euthanize himself? permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 11 points 5 days ago He could always euthanize someone else? permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 4 points 5 days ago Communist clumps of cells are not people permalink parent award report block reply One-Man_Riot 32 points 5 days ago Liberalism is a death cult. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 5 days ago A murder cult. permalink parent award report block reply 2008RonPaul2012 27 points 5 days ago It was free though, so that's nice permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 22 points 5 days ago Well, it cost her life. permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 5 days ago :| permalink parent award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 2 points 5 days ago "Free" at taxpayers expense permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Actually profitable if organs were harvested permalink parent award report block reply bagel_fragility 15 points 5 days ago two less white pensioners the canadistan government has to pay every month. its 200% deliberate. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 7 points 5 days ago Reminds me of the Eskimo practice of sending their feeble elderly off on an ice floe out to sea.  They couldn't kill their grandmother, so they let the sea take them. Life and Death are natural and very hard. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 7 points 5 days ago No, you must have that wrong. I learned in school and on television that “indigenous people” are noble, and better than the monsters who took their land. There is no way they would send someone off to die alone. You’re challenging my programming, so fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply Fren20 2 points 5 days ago Fuck off I'm Inuit and yes our people did that,fuck off white retard permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 3 points 5 days ago It was a joke. Of course you did that. You know why? Because the whole indigenous people being more virtuous than anyone else narrative is a myth. permalink parent award report block reply Weneverleft 15 points 5 days ago You know your in a dystopian society when your government is killing its own people. Government should never,  never,  never,  be in charge of killing its people by burocracy.  FFS! Canada get control of your government.  ITS LITERALLY KILLING YOU!!! permalink award report block reply linthat22 12 points 5 days ago Good Lord! permalink award report block reply barwhack 6 points 5 days ago The Good Lord is not who Canadians worship. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Or large portion of the US too permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 10 points 5 days ago When the government runs your health care, they get to decide what happens to you. It's a lot cheaper to kill somebody than pay for things like hospice. permalink award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 10 points 5 days ago They're literally killing off whites to support naggers and Indians, and the cucknadian faggots do nothing because it might upset them. They deserve whatever they get. permalink award report block reply 123breadman 2 points 5 days ago I have heard them being called nigglers now. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 8 points 5 days ago That's what happens when the government no longer fears the people. We are seeing that here too. permalink award report block reply stealthboy 4 points 5 days ago Yep.  And nothing will be done about it by the people. permalink parent award report block reply Hanrahan 7 points 5 days ago Good thing he's a heathen or he'd be concerned they are going to hell for committing suicide. permalink award report block reply tholinz 16 points 5 days ago I reject the idea that a severely ill elderly woman being pressured into "consenting" to euthanasia is committing suicide. It's murder. permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago Exactly, Jesus knows the difference. permalink parent award report block reply Neo2025 4 points 5 days ago Man has interpreted various parts of the Bible to declare suicide will send you to hell, but is there an actual passage which states this? permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Thou shalt not murder. It’s quite clear. Suicide is homicide: a human killing a human without justification. Self-defense is not a defense for suicide. Maybe you can argue that if you’re terminal then killing’s yourself is killing but not murder, but it’s a stretch. permalink parent award report block reply Neo2025 0 points 5 days ago So everyone who has fought in a war is going to hell, in your retarded view of the issue. 👌 permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Absolutely not. Killing in war, provided it’s lawful killing, is not murder. You twist everything. This is why I deport your posts and comments. You are a troll. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 5 days ago Ghoulish. permalink award report block reply Cdope45 5 points 5 days ago Remember when we were told how great the Canadian healthcare was? Wait times are so bad that their solution is killing old people so they can care for foreigners instead. I'll gladly pay more to get faster treatment permalink award report block reply MAGA9428 1 points 5 days ago You couldn’t pay me to live in Canada. What an awful country it has become. permalink parent award report block reply IlhansBrother 5 points 5 days ago Did they harvest their organs and donate them to new-canadians? permalink award report block reply blue5707 5 points 5 days ago Instead of managing a growing population, Canada kills them. That's their solution...death. permalink award report block reply GeorgeBailey 5 points 5 days ago Canadian man is sad and devastated? Well the Canadian government has a program that will make that all those negative feelings go away. permalink award report block reply Polarix 4 points 5 days ago "Canadian Regime" permalink award report block reply breathittbill 4 points 5 days ago No wonder western Provences in Canada are voting to exit and make their own country or apply for statehood. I would go nutso on those people. What you get when you give up your guns. permalink award report block reply OrangeElvis 4 points 5 days ago Money grab sounds like to me. permalink award report block reply Dr_CreamKing 4 points 5 days ago So much for the hippocratic oath... permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 5 days ago Wild that Canada is just straight up evil now permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago England is around ten years ahead of the US and Canada is about to overtake England in terms of being antihuman. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 3 points 5 days ago The irony here is that it’s being reported by an actual news organization called Slay News. permalink award report block reply cptkloss5 3 points 5 days ago oh, the "wounds" will heal pretty quickly, when the government will decide it's his turn to be healed. permalink award report block reply HotDogDoug 3 points 5 days ago Well there's very little context given. They claim the first grandmother was going to pass naturally in weeks in not days, but they didn't mention what of. Palliative care is what they probably need most of the time, but sometimes the lines between palliative care and euthanasia can be blurry depending on the suffering. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 5 days ago Was looking for this type of post.  Sad its so far down.  Its clearly a way for this guy to get publicity for this stupid documentary.  His "bestie" gramma offed herself and didn't tell him first? uh ok, his other gramma didn't suffer it out for 2 more days, so hes sad.  This is fucking retarded and we are retarded for taking the rage bait. permalink parent award report block reply EllisDee25 3 points 5 days ago Please not slay news. permalink award report block reply TooBright 11 points 5 days ago Slaying is just a healthcare term in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 7 points 5 days ago medically assisted slaying permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 3 points 5 days ago I wonder if they have a slay count in the break room permalink parent award report block reply redinmn 3 points 5 days ago The "doctors" who administered this are murderers. permalink award report block reply FredRedd 3 points 5 days ago From the article: ...and Christine, an elderly woman who tattooed “Don’t Euthanize Me” on her arm out of fear of the system. Holy crap Christine, that is metal. Sadly, I'll
bet a tatoo wouldn't hold up as a legal document that would protect her, but I respect her spirit. permalink award report block reply ariloulaleelay 2 points 5 days ago If he's depressed he shouldn't worry - they'll gladly euthanize him too! permalink award report block reply barwhack 2 points 5 days ago Go West White Man... permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago We've run out of West to go to. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 2 points 5 days ago Heaven. permalink parent award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 2 points 5 days ago Its called murder. permalink award report block reply Twixter8888 1 points 5 days ago Did they vaccinations? permalink award report block reply Dev404 1 points 5 days ago The politicians and judges are still around to be held accountable. Just saying. permalink award report block reply 762xPat 1 points 5 days ago You know what you do with these kinds of "doctors?".....hmmm permalink award report block reply Cuntgoblin 1 points 5 days ago Start euthanizing the Canadian government right back and see how they like it. permalink award report block reply least_counties_ever 1 points 5 days ago Canada should euthanize its entire population. Imagine all that hunting land for us. permalink award report block reply anti_masker 1 points 5 days ago Canada sucks permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 5 days ago Nothing would make me turn violent against my government more than them actively murdering my innocent family members. Hopefully those Canucks feel the same. permalink award report block reply Lower 1 points 5 days ago Why did I read this as "Canadian Man Devastated After Government Euthanizes Both His Granddaughters"? I'm sure this is next months news. Government sponsored murder of any relative you don't like. permalink award report block reply Roof_Korean 1 points 5 days ago Devil is routing people to hell with suicide permalink award report block reply doug2 1 points 5 days ago I thought this was the bee permalink award report block reply spinometer2 1 points 5 days ago stupid evil people permalink award report block reply fjzappa 1 points 5 days ago Free MeDiCaL CaRe! It's free for you as long as you're useful.  You can be useful in voting, or useful in paying taxes.  If you're too expensive to keep alive, we won't bother. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 1 points 5 days ago My brother was killed by modern medicine at what is supposed to be one of the best hospitals in the country.  He ended up in palliative care at the end and the “team” they sent to help us through that was diabolical.  They tried to wedge between the family members that saw the inevitable and those that didn’t.  I knew my brother was going to die, but I was not going to allow them to break our family apart too.  I was fortunate to have a very supportive cousin who saw what I saw.  Together we kept my brother’s family united.  The last thing they needed after losing a husband and father was internal strife from his end of life. If I ever found one of those staff members in a hospital, on life support, I would unplug them to charge my phone, so I could shit post on PDW. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 1 points 5 days ago “What did I do wrong that makes you want to end it now, and not stay a few more days with me…” The guy in this story, who lost his grandmothers, is a narcissist.  He’s sad that his “bestie” grandma didn’t want to keep living in pain for him. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 5 days ago Soylent Green is... your grandmother. permalink award report block reply R3tro 1 points 5 days ago Muh SoCiAliZm…. permalink award report block reply Pwrxs 1 points 5 days ago Saar pleas permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 1 points 5 days ago Is this a shitpost?  Seems like a Bee headline… permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 5 days ago All their assets were seized to pay for medical care? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago This was always the goal of euthanasia programs. Anyone who says otherwise is stupid or lying permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.... But your life is ours! permalink award report block reply 8bit_mixtape 1 points 5 days ago find those responsible permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 5 days ago Canucks are fucked up !! permalink award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Canada has been murdering people for decades with healthcare rationing. I had a recent health scare.  I had a CT scan within two hours.  The next day I had an MRI.  I had a team of specialists evaluating the MRI the same day it was done. The wait for an MRI in Canada is months.  The wait for specialist is months. Let's say a spot was seen on your lung during your annual physical.  You wait weeks/months for whatever diagnostics the specialist orders, then weeks/months for your next appointment with the specialist.  Congratulations!  That tiny spot is now a metastasized cancer.  You are refused any treatment other than palliative care because the wait lit for the treatment is longer than you've got to live. Why do you think about a decade ago the Canadian Health Minister, whose family had an entire cancer hospital named after them, went to the US for treatment? permalink award report block reply TrustYourself 1 points 5 days ago I am sure they have something they can do to help him. permalink award report block reply TheLivingExample 1 points 5 days ago This makes no sense, It's not called Elederlyincanada?!?! permalink award report block reply Stover205 1 points 5 days ago Wounds that won't heal. Canada has a cure for that. permalink award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 5 days ago Wait, this is real news?? I thought I was reading a Bee headline permalink award report block reply billybaldwin2 1 points 5 days ago Didn't Illinois senate + house just pass a bill with assisted suicide in it? permalink award report block reply _Eric_Ciaramella_ 1 points 5 days ago slay news? frfr no cap? this article was bussin fam 6.7. permalink award report block reply Cali_Republican 1 points 5 days ago Socialized Healthcare, what did people expect? permalink award report block reply Kolob64 1 points 5 days ago Soylent Green permalink award report block reply Knowthyself -1 points 5 days ago “She was most likely going to die within a few days by natural causes…" Now remember that it's not America and they weren't going to just drug her into a zombified state. A barbaric practice overall but this isn't the one. permalink award report block reply solo25 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago The Kalergi and UN replacement migration plan. permalink parent award report block reply new_guy2 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 220 points 5 days ago Canada is literally murdering old people so they don‘t have to pay their pensions. permalink award report block reply DagneyTaggart 164 points 5 days ago So the pensions may be stolen to feed black and brown parasites. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyKrakenBalls 103 points 5 days ago Those parasites are breeding at the expense of those that worked their entire lives. Bolshevik demons are in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 27 points 5 days ago Finally someone else sees it. This site has been raging about muzzies and hasn’t bothered looking behind the curtain. permalink parent award report block reply therealrivensky 3 points 5 days ago This site has seen what muzzies are doing to Europe, and who the chaos in Europe is truly benefitting and they are not gonna have it here. Behind the curtains is jihad and always jihad. The end game of globalism is jihad. Always has been. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 5 days ago Nah, they took the jab.  Sterile now. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 33 points 5 days ago My new favorite word for them: kleptoparasites (it's an actual category of parasites - they survive by stealing the food and resources of other species). permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 17 points 5 days ago kleptoparssitic invasive species permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 5 days ago I still prefer to call them demons; or at best satanically inspired. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 2 points 5 days ago Satan's chosen children. Making their father proud. permalink parent award report block reply militantnationalist6 7 points 5 days ago Thank you for this. Will begin using this term to accurately describe what we are experiencing. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 5 points 5 days ago Kleptonecropsy. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago If you squeeze one hard, will you get kleptojuice? permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... BruddahIz 7 points 5 days ago My Canadian Doctor from India recommended it. permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 42 points 5 days ago It's called progress and if you don't agree you're a racist or bigot or transphobic. permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 24 points 5 days ago I'm all 3. Just sayin'.... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 12 points 5 days ago Why, yes. I will take that label and wear it as a badge of pride and honor! permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 3 points 5 days ago "Hey bigot. You can't take our Pride and wear it. It's ours. You can have your honor though, because we have none"....said some faggot. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 1 points 5 days ago Trifecta permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 14 points 5 days ago You forgot nazi, fascist and white supremacist. permalink parent award report block reply jaeger 19 points 5 days ago Our country murdered them to get mail-in ballots. permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 10 points 5 days ago Facts. permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 9 points 5 days ago Look we only have enough money to pay pensions or welfare and we chose permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 6 points 5 days ago This a big goal of that policy.  The Canadian government can use that money for immigrants. The governments of European countries have become more authoritarian as they implement liberal fascism. permalink parent award report block reply load 13 more comments...
DagneyTaggart 164 points 5 days ago So the pensions may be stolen to feed black and brown parasites. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyKrakenBalls 103 points 5 days ago Those parasites are breeding at the expense of those that worked their entire lives. Bolshevik demons are in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 27 points 5 days ago Finally someone else sees it. This site has been raging about muzzies and hasn’t bothered looking behind the curtain. permalink parent award report block reply therealrivensky 3 points 5 days ago This site has seen what muzzies are doing to Europe, and who the chaos in Europe is truly benefitting and they are not gonna have it here. Behind the curtains is jihad and always jihad. The end game of globalism is jihad. Always has been. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 5 days ago Nah, they took the jab.  Sterile now. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 33 points 5 days ago My new favorite word for them: kleptoparasites (it's an actual category of parasites - they survive by stealing the food and resources of other species). permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 17 points 5 days ago kleptoparssitic invasive species permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 5 days ago I still prefer to call them demons; or at best satanically inspired. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 2 points 5 days ago Satan's chosen children. Making their father proud. permalink parent award report block reply militantnationalist6 7 points 5 days ago Thank you for this. Will begin using this term to accurately describe what we are experiencing. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 5 points 5 days ago Kleptonecropsy. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago If you squeeze one hard, will you get kleptojuice? permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... BruddahIz 7 points 5 days ago My Canadian Doctor from India recommended it. permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyKrakenBalls 103 points 5 days ago Those parasites are breeding at the expense of those that worked their entire lives. Bolshevik demons are in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 27 points 5 days ago Finally someone else sees it. This site has been raging about muzzies and hasn’t bothered looking behind the curtain. permalink parent award report block reply therealrivensky 3 points 5 days ago This site has seen what muzzies are doing to Europe, and who the chaos in Europe is truly benefitting and they are not gonna have it here. Behind the curtains is jihad and always jihad. The end game of globalism is jihad. Always has been. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 5 days ago Nah, they took the jab.  Sterile now. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 27 points 5 days ago Finally someone else sees it. This site has been raging about muzzies and hasn’t bothered looking behind the curtain. permalink parent award report block reply therealrivensky 3 points 5 days ago This site has seen what muzzies are doing to Europe, and who the chaos in Europe is truly benefitting and they are not gonna have it here. Behind the curtains is jihad and always jihad. The end game of globalism is jihad. Always has been. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
therealrivensky 3 points 5 days ago This site has seen what muzzies are doing to Europe, and who the chaos in Europe is truly benefitting and they are not gonna have it here. Behind the curtains is jihad and always jihad. The end game of globalism is jihad. Always has been. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 5 days ago Nah, they took the jab.  Sterile now. permalink parent award report block reply
Mamapedia 33 points 5 days ago My new favorite word for them: kleptoparasites (it's an actual category of parasites - they survive by stealing the food and resources of other species). permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 17 points 5 days ago kleptoparssitic invasive species permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 5 days ago I still prefer to call them demons; or at best satanically inspired. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 2 points 5 days ago Satan's chosen children. Making their father proud. permalink parent award report block reply militantnationalist6 7 points 5 days ago Thank you for this. Will begin using this term to accurately describe what we are experiencing. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 5 points 5 days ago Kleptonecropsy. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago If you squeeze one hard, will you get kleptojuice? permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
Hanging_Chad 17 points 5 days ago kleptoparssitic invasive species permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 7 points 5 days ago I still prefer to call them demons; or at best satanically inspired. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 2 points 5 days ago Satan's chosen children. Making their father proud. permalink parent award report block reply
Prussian_Pepe 2 points 5 days ago Satan's chosen children. Making their father proud. permalink parent award report block reply
militantnationalist6 7 points 5 days ago Thank you for this. Will begin using this term to accurately describe what we are experiencing. permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 5 points 5 days ago Kleptonecropsy. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago If you squeeze one hard, will you get kleptojuice? permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 7 points 5 days ago My Canadian Doctor from India recommended it. permalink parent award report block reply
footinmouth 42 points 5 days ago It's called progress and if you don't agree you're a racist or bigot or transphobic. permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 24 points 5 days ago I'm all 3. Just sayin'.... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 12 points 5 days ago Why, yes. I will take that label and wear it as a badge of pride and honor! permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 3 points 5 days ago "Hey bigot. You can't take our Pride and wear it. It's ours. You can have your honor though, because we have none"....said some faggot. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 1 points 5 days ago Trifecta permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 14 points 5 days ago You forgot nazi, fascist and white supremacist. permalink parent award report block reply
you_know_GOAT 24 points 5 days ago I'm all 3. Just sayin'.... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 12 points 5 days ago Why, yes. I will take that label and wear it as a badge of pride and honor! permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 3 points 5 days ago "Hey bigot. You can't take our Pride and wear it. It's ours. You can have your honor though, because we have none"....said some faggot. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 1 points 5 days ago Trifecta permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 12 points 5 days ago Why, yes. I will take that label and wear it as a badge of pride and honor! permalink parent award report block reply you_know_GOAT 3 points 5 days ago "Hey bigot. You can't take our Pride and wear it. It's ours. You can have your honor though, because we have none"....said some faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
you_know_GOAT 3 points 5 days ago "Hey bigot. You can't take our Pride and wear it. It's ours. You can have your honor though, because we have none"....said some faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
Bendadick_Arnold 1 points 5 days ago Trifecta permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 14 points 5 days ago You forgot nazi, fascist and white supremacist. permalink parent award report block reply
jaeger 19 points 5 days ago Our country murdered them to get mail-in ballots. permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 10 points 5 days ago Facts. permalink parent award report block reply
PelosisPuss 10 points 5 days ago Facts. permalink parent award report block reply
Spicy_cat 9 points 5 days ago Look we only have enough money to pay pensions or welfare and we chose permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 6 points 5 days ago This a big goal of that policy.  The Canadian government can use that money for immigrants. The governments of European countries have become more authoritarian as they implement liberal fascism. permalink parent award report block reply
TheSwampThang 85 points 5 days ago Using the wealth and power of the state to Convince people to kill themselves is the definition of evil.  This program is beyond satanic,  and the people running it are literal devils. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 40 points 5 days ago Canada needs Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 5 days ago Canada is what happens when you destroy a country’s national identity. You get a soulless Neo Marxist hellhole permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 28 points 5 days ago As Canada prepares to expand euthanasia to include those with mental illness I'm guessing "disagreeing with the government" will be on the list of mental illnesses soon. permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 14 points 5 days ago They already have ODD (obstinate defiance disorder). All it take is some definition wrangling and boom, not supporting the current thing is now a euthanizable offense. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 5 days ago Who could of seen this coming!?!?! QUE the idiot feds who keep spamming the board recently saying the US needs Asylums again.
No it fucking doesn't. The government should NEVER have that power. Destroy the FBI, CIA, NSA and other alphabets. And watch how much better the population's mental problems go away without their psyops and drugs empire destroying mind body and soul. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 13 points 5 days ago Or believe in The Apostles Creed permalink parent award report block reply mcoulton 1 points 5 days ago downs syndrome is a condition that won’t get better permalink parent award report block reply bratt 3 points 5 days ago the people running it need to (the last 4 letters of your username) permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 5 days ago The article is not accurate.  They killed all 4 of his grandmothers permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt -6 points 5 days ago I agree with the sentiment, but the biggest problem I have is that we will never know the full story to understand what is really happening due to medical privacy laws. It has been my general experience in the Healthcare field that family members drag out inevitable outcomes far longer for family members and prolong suffering. This isn't out of malice, but paradoxical love with worries they did not do enough to save them - which is the exact sentiment expressed within the article. I'm uncomfortable with the idea of denying the ability for a family member to choose to end suffering, and I'm also uncomfortable with the idea that the government may push family members to that choice with an ulterior motive of cost savings. Healthcare is definitely a limited resource and must be triaged in times of crisis (mass casualties for example), and no Healthcare providers want to be in that position to choose either. It's a shitty situation all around. Medical autonomy is absolutely essential. We have agency over our own bodies, but we also don't have a right to force medical professionals to do "anything" we want that is actually harmful. Harm has an element of subjectivity to it, so there will always be a debate about exactly where that line is. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 6 points 5 days ago There's a difference between non-interventions and having doctors kill patients. And it's not just a personal choice. Once the system allows for medical health professionals to kill their patients, it doesn't stay voluntary. Both doctors and patients to get pressured into this. There becomes an expectation that sick people just die. It changes the relationship between patient and doctor fundamentally. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 2 points 5 days ago Tell me the exact amount of morphine that a patient needs to reduce suffering during a terminal illness that would never be considered "euthanasia". Some have tolerance to the drug, others don't and even have weak metabolism that let's it build up in the system faster than others. Under a palliative/DNR/DNI scenarios, if you cross that unknown morphine threshold and respiratory drive is suppressed enough, it will expedite death. The alternative is not allowing morphine or comparable drugs for severe suffering and pain out of fear of being accused of euthanasia. Then you basically forced everyone with terminal illnesses to agonizing death. The people downvoting think this some obvious black-and-white issue when it's rarely the case. I don't have an easy answer because the problem isn't easy to solve. A potential unintended consequence of making euthanasia illegal is a clinical staff member that is fearful of giving too much pain medication when the patient is literally begging for it, because the amount is associated with lethality. Imagine you have morphine in your hands right now as a medical professional, and someone with metastatic stage 4 cancer is in complete agony. They are in tears yelling "give me the morphine!". You know that adding any more morphine categories it as lethal and potentially euthanasia. What would you do? I'm genuinely curious. permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 1 points 5 days ago California has a similar size population as Canada and their assisted  suicide is a tiny fraction of what Canada does.  Canada will agree to put you on the list if you're sad or frustrated with the medical care the government is giving you.   In California,  you have to have an actual brutal medical condition. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago You're making a reasonable point, except that maid program was created near explicitly as a cost saving measure. They are offering the "service", for example, to people who are paralyzed rather than pay to have a ramp built, or vets suffering PTSD, homeless people, etc... permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 40 points 5 days ago Canada needs Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 5 days ago Canada is what happens when you destroy a country’s national identity. You get a soulless Neo Marxist hellhole permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 5 days ago Canada is what happens when you destroy a country’s national identity. You get a soulless Neo Marxist hellhole permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 28 points 5 days ago As Canada prepares to expand euthanasia to include those with mental illness I'm guessing "disagreeing with the government" will be on the list of mental illnesses soon. permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 14 points 5 days ago They already have ODD (obstinate defiance disorder). All it take is some definition wrangling and boom, not supporting the current thing is now a euthanizable offense. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 5 days ago Who could of seen this coming!?!?! QUE the idiot feds who keep spamming the board recently saying the US needs Asylums again.
No it fucking doesn't. The government should NEVER have that power. Destroy the FBI, CIA, NSA and other alphabets. And watch how much better the population's mental problems go away without their psyops and drugs empire destroying mind body and soul. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 13 points 5 days ago Or believe in The Apostles Creed permalink parent award report block reply mcoulton 1 points 5 days ago downs syndrome is a condition that won’t get better permalink parent award report block reply
ChinchillaCapitalism 14 points 5 days ago They already have ODD (obstinate defiance disorder). All it take is some definition wrangling and boom, not supporting the current thing is now a euthanizable offense. permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 5 days ago Who could of seen this coming!?!?! QUE the idiot feds who keep spamming the board recently saying the US needs Asylums again.
No it fucking doesn't. The government should NEVER have that power. Destroy the FBI, CIA, NSA and other alphabets. And watch how much better the population's mental problems go away without their psyops and drugs empire destroying mind body and soul. permalink parent award report block reply
Prussian_Pepe 4 points 5 days ago Who could of seen this coming!?!?! QUE the idiot feds who keep spamming the board recently saying the US needs Asylums again.
No it fucking doesn't. The government should NEVER have that power. Destroy the FBI, CIA, NSA and other alphabets. And watch how much better the population's mental problems go away without their psyops and drugs empire destroying mind body and soul. permalink parent award report block reply
PMSocks 13 points 5 days ago Or believe in The Apostles Creed permalink parent award report block reply
mcoulton 1 points 5 days ago downs syndrome is a condition that won’t get better permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 3 points 5 days ago the people running it need to (the last 4 letters of your username) permalink parent award report block reply
yukondave 1 points 5 days ago The article is not accurate.  They killed all 4 of his grandmothers permalink parent award report block reply
TonsOfSalt -6 points 5 days ago I agree with the sentiment, but the biggest problem I have is that we will never know the full story to understand what is really happening due to medical privacy laws. It has been my general experience in the Healthcare field that family members drag out inevitable outcomes far longer for family members and prolong suffering. This isn't out of malice, but paradoxical love with worries they did not do enough to save them - which is the exact sentiment expressed within the article. I'm uncomfortable with the idea of denying the ability for a family member to choose to end suffering, and I'm also uncomfortable with the idea that the government may push family members to that choice with an ulterior motive of cost savings. Healthcare is definitely a limited resource and must be triaged in times of crisis (mass casualties for example), and no Healthcare providers want to be in that position to choose either. It's a shitty situation all around. Medical autonomy is absolutely essential. We have agency over our own bodies, but we also don't have a right to force medical professionals to do "anything" we want that is actually harmful. Harm has an element of subjectivity to it, so there will always be a debate about exactly where that line is. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 6 points 5 days ago There's a difference between non-interventions and having doctors kill patients. And it's not just a personal choice. Once the system allows for medical health professionals to kill their patients, it doesn't stay voluntary. Both doctors and patients to get pressured into this. There becomes an expectation that sick people just die. It changes the relationship between patient and doctor fundamentally. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 2 points 5 days ago Tell me the exact amount of morphine that a patient needs to reduce suffering during a terminal illness that would never be considered "euthanasia". Some have tolerance to the drug, others don't and even have weak metabolism that let's it build up in the system faster than others. Under a palliative/DNR/DNI scenarios, if you cross that unknown morphine threshold and respiratory drive is suppressed enough, it will expedite death. The alternative is not allowing morphine or comparable drugs for severe suffering and pain out of fear of being accused of euthanasia. Then you basically forced everyone with terminal illnesses to agonizing death. The people downvoting think this some obvious black-and-white issue when it's rarely the case. I don't have an easy answer because the problem isn't easy to solve. A potential unintended consequence of making euthanasia illegal is a clinical staff member that is fearful of giving too much pain medication when the patient is literally begging for it, because the amount is associated with lethality. Imagine you have morphine in your hands right now as a medical professional, and someone with metastatic stage 4 cancer is in complete agony. They are in tears yelling "give me the morphine!". You know that adding any more morphine categories it as lethal and potentially euthanasia. What would you do? I'm genuinely curious. permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 1 points 5 days ago California has a similar size population as Canada and their assisted  suicide is a tiny fraction of what Canada does.  Canada will agree to put you on the list if you're sad or frustrated with the medical care the government is giving you.   In California,  you have to have an actual brutal medical condition. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago You're making a reasonable point, except that maid program was created near explicitly as a cost saving measure. They are offering the "service", for example, to people who are paralyzed rather than pay to have a ramp built, or vets suffering PTSD, homeless people, etc... permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 6 points 5 days ago There's a difference between non-interventions and having doctors kill patients. And it's not just a personal choice. Once the system allows for medical health professionals to kill their patients, it doesn't stay voluntary. Both doctors and patients to get pressured into this. There becomes an expectation that sick people just die. It changes the relationship between patient and doctor fundamentally. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 2 points 5 days ago Tell me the exact amount of morphine that a patient needs to reduce suffering during a terminal illness that would never be considered "euthanasia". Some have tolerance to the drug, others don't and even have weak metabolism that let's it build up in the system faster than others. Under a palliative/DNR/DNI scenarios, if you cross that unknown morphine threshold and respiratory drive is suppressed enough, it will expedite death. The alternative is not allowing morphine or comparable drugs for severe suffering and pain out of fear of being accused of euthanasia. Then you basically forced everyone with terminal illnesses to agonizing death. The people downvoting think this some obvious black-and-white issue when it's rarely the case. I don't have an easy answer because the problem isn't easy to solve. A potential unintended consequence of making euthanasia illegal is a clinical staff member that is fearful of giving too much pain medication when the patient is literally begging for it, because the amount is associated with lethality. Imagine you have morphine in your hands right now as a medical professional, and someone with metastatic stage 4 cancer is in complete agony. They are in tears yelling "give me the morphine!". You know that adding any more morphine categories it as lethal and potentially euthanasia. What would you do? I'm genuinely curious. permalink parent award report block reply
TonsOfSalt 2 points 5 days ago Tell me the exact amount of morphine that a patient needs to reduce suffering during a terminal illness that would never be considered "euthanasia". Some have tolerance to the drug, others don't and even have weak metabolism that let's it build up in the system faster than others. Under a palliative/DNR/DNI scenarios, if you cross that unknown morphine threshold and respiratory drive is suppressed enough, it will expedite death. The alternative is not allowing morphine or comparable drugs for severe suffering and pain out of fear of being accused of euthanasia. Then you basically forced everyone with terminal illnesses to agonizing death. The people downvoting think this some obvious black-and-white issue when it's rarely the case. I don't have an easy answer because the problem isn't easy to solve. A potential unintended consequence of making euthanasia illegal is a clinical staff member that is fearful of giving too much pain medication when the patient is literally begging for it, because the amount is associated with lethality. Imagine you have morphine in your hands right now as a medical professional, and someone with metastatic stage 4 cancer is in complete agony. They are in tears yelling "give me the morphine!". You know that adding any more morphine categories it as lethal and potentially euthanasia. What would you do? I'm genuinely curious. permalink parent award report block reply
TheSwampThang 1 points 5 days ago California has a similar size population as Canada and their assisted  suicide is a tiny fraction of what Canada does.  Canada will agree to put you on the list if you're sad or frustrated with the medical care the government is giving you.   In California,  you have to have an actual brutal medical condition. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 1 points 5 days ago You're making a reasonable point, except that maid program was created near explicitly as a cost saving measure. They are offering the "service", for example, to people who are paralyzed rather than pay to have a ramp built, or vets suffering PTSD, homeless people, etc... permalink parent award report block reply
BillGateCanSuckIt 40 points 5 days ago Canadian government has a solution for his grief, has he tried to euthanize himself? permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 11 points 5 days ago He could always euthanize someone else? permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 4 points 5 days ago Communist clumps of cells are not people permalink parent award report block reply
Spicy_cat 11 points 5 days ago He could always euthanize someone else? permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 4 points 5 days ago Communist clumps of cells are not people permalink parent award report block reply
PMSocks 4 points 5 days ago Communist clumps of cells are not people permalink parent award report block reply
One-Man_Riot 32 points 5 days ago Liberalism is a death cult. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 5 days ago A murder cult. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 5 days ago A murder cult. permalink parent award report block reply
2008RonPaul2012 27 points 5 days ago It was free though, so that's nice permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 22 points 5 days ago Well, it cost her life. permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 5 days ago :| permalink parent award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 2 points 5 days ago "Free" at taxpayers expense permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Actually profitable if organs were harvested permalink parent award report block reply
Meister_Bockmist 22 points 5 days ago Well, it cost her life. permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 5 days ago :| permalink parent award report block reply
ParticleCannon 6 points 5 days ago :| permalink parent award report block reply
Thefrogeatsfree 2 points 5 days ago "Free" at taxpayers expense permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Actually profitable if organs were harvested permalink parent award report block reply
PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Actually profitable if organs were harvested permalink parent award report block reply
bagel_fragility 15 points 5 days ago two less white pensioners the canadistan government has to pay every month. its 200% deliberate. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 7 points 5 days ago Reminds me of the Eskimo practice of sending their feeble elderly off on an ice floe out to sea.  They couldn't kill their grandmother, so they let the sea take them. Life and Death are natural and very hard. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 7 points 5 days ago No, you must have that wrong. I learned in school and on television that “indigenous people” are noble, and better than the monsters who took their land. There is no way they would send someone off to die alone. You’re challenging my programming, so fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply Fren20 2 points 5 days ago Fuck off I'm Inuit and yes our people did that,fuck off white retard permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 3 points 5 days ago It was a joke. Of course you did that. You know why? Because the whole indigenous people being more virtuous than anyone else narrative is a myth. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 7 points 5 days ago Reminds me of the Eskimo practice of sending their feeble elderly off on an ice floe out to sea.  They couldn't kill their grandmother, so they let the sea take them. Life and Death are natural and very hard. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 7 points 5 days ago No, you must have that wrong. I learned in school and on television that “indigenous people” are noble, and better than the monsters who took their land. There is no way they would send someone off to die alone. You’re challenging my programming, so fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply Fren20 2 points 5 days ago Fuck off I'm Inuit and yes our people did that,fuck off white retard permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 3 points 5 days ago It was a joke. Of course you did that. You know why? Because the whole indigenous people being more virtuous than anyone else narrative is a myth. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 7 points 5 days ago No, you must have that wrong. I learned in school and on television that “indigenous people” are noble, and better than the monsters who took their land. There is no way they would send someone off to die alone. You’re challenging my programming, so fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply Fren20 2 points 5 days ago Fuck off I'm Inuit and yes our people did that,fuck off white retard permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 3 points 5 days ago It was a joke. Of course you did that. You know why? Because the whole indigenous people being more virtuous than anyone else narrative is a myth. permalink parent award report block reply
Fren20 2 points 5 days ago Fuck off I'm Inuit and yes our people did that,fuck off white retard permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 3 points 5 days ago It was a joke. Of course you did that. You know why? Because the whole indigenous people being more virtuous than anyone else narrative is a myth. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 3 points 5 days ago It was a joke. Of course you did that. You know why? Because the whole indigenous people being more virtuous than anyone else narrative is a myth. permalink parent award report block reply
Weneverleft 15 points 5 days ago You know your in a dystopian society when your government is killing its own people. Government should never,  never,  never,  be in charge of killing its people by burocracy.  FFS! Canada get control of your government.  ITS LITERALLY KILLING YOU!!! permalink award report block reply
linthat22 12 points 5 days ago Good Lord! permalink award report block reply barwhack 6 points 5 days ago The Good Lord is not who Canadians worship. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Or large portion of the US too permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 6 points 5 days ago The Good Lord is not who Canadians worship. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Or large portion of the US too permalink parent award report block reply
PMSocks 2 points 5 days ago Or large portion of the US too permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 10 points 5 days ago When the government runs your health care, they get to decide what happens to you. It's a lot cheaper to kill somebody than pay for things like hospice. permalink award report block reply
BillyBobBrewer 10 points 5 days ago They're literally killing off whites to support naggers and Indians, and the cucknadian faggots do nothing because it might upset them. They deserve whatever they get. permalink award report block reply 123breadman 2 points 5 days ago I have heard them being called nigglers now. permalink parent award report block reply
123breadman 2 points 5 days ago I have heard them being called nigglers now. permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 8 points 5 days ago That's what happens when the government no longer fears the people. We are seeing that here too. permalink award report block reply stealthboy 4 points 5 days ago Yep.  And nothing will be done about it by the people. permalink parent award report block reply
stealthboy 4 points 5 days ago Yep.  And nothing will be done about it by the people. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanrahan 7 points 5 days ago Good thing he's a heathen or he'd be concerned they are going to hell for committing suicide. permalink award report block reply tholinz 16 points 5 days ago I reject the idea that a severely ill elderly woman being pressured into "consenting" to euthanasia is committing suicide. It's murder. permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago Exactly, Jesus knows the difference. permalink parent award report block reply Neo2025 4 points 5 days ago Man has interpreted various parts of the Bible to declare suicide will send you to hell, but is there an actual passage which states this? permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Thou shalt not murder. It’s quite clear. Suicide is homicide: a human killing a human without justification. Self-defense is not a defense for suicide. Maybe you can argue that if you’re terminal then killing’s yourself is killing but not murder, but it’s a stretch. permalink parent award report block reply Neo2025 0 points 5 days ago So everyone who has fought in a war is going to hell, in your retarded view of the issue. 👌 permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Absolutely not. Killing in war, provided it’s lawful killing, is not murder. You twist everything. This is why I deport your posts and comments. You are a troll. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
tholinz 16 points 5 days ago I reject the idea that a severely ill elderly woman being pressured into "consenting" to euthanasia is committing suicide. It's murder. permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago Exactly, Jesus knows the difference. permalink parent award report block reply
flirp 1 points 5 days ago Exactly, Jesus knows the difference. permalink parent award report block reply
Neo2025 4 points 5 days ago Man has interpreted various parts of the Bible to declare suicide will send you to hell, but is there an actual passage which states this? permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Thou shalt not murder. It’s quite clear. Suicide is homicide: a human killing a human without justification. Self-defense is not a defense for suicide. Maybe you can argue that if you’re terminal then killing’s yourself is killing but not murder, but it’s a stretch. permalink parent award report block reply Neo2025 0 points 5 days ago So everyone who has fought in a war is going to hell, in your retarded view of the issue. 👌 permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Absolutely not. Killing in war, provided it’s lawful killing, is not murder. You twist everything. This is why I deport your posts and comments. You are a troll. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Thou shalt not murder. It’s quite clear. Suicide is homicide: a human killing a human without justification. Self-defense is not a defense for suicide. Maybe you can argue that if you’re terminal then killing’s yourself is killing but not murder, but it’s a stretch. permalink parent award report block reply Neo2025 0 points 5 days ago So everyone who has fought in a war is going to hell, in your retarded view of the issue. 👌 permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Absolutely not. Killing in war, provided it’s lawful killing, is not murder. You twist everything. This is why I deport your posts and comments. You are a troll. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Neo2025 0 points 5 days ago So everyone who has fought in a war is going to hell, in your retarded view of the issue. 👌 permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Absolutely not. Killing in war, provided it’s lawful killing, is not murder. You twist everything. This is why I deport your posts and comments. You are a troll. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Absolutely not. Killing in war, provided it’s lawful killing, is not murder. You twist everything. This is why I deport your posts and comments. You are a troll. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 5 days ago Ghoulish. permalink award report block reply
Cdope45 5 points 5 days ago Remember when we were told how great the Canadian healthcare was? Wait times are so bad that their solution is killing old people so they can care for foreigners instead. I'll gladly pay more to get faster treatment permalink award report block reply MAGA9428 1 points 5 days ago You couldn’t pay me to live in Canada. What an awful country it has become. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA9428 1 points 5 days ago You couldn’t pay me to live in Canada. What an awful country it has become. permalink parent award report block reply
IlhansBrother 5 points 5 days ago Did they harvest their organs and donate them to new-canadians? permalink award report block reply
blue5707 5 points 5 days ago Instead of managing a growing population, Canada kills them. That's their solution...death. permalink award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 5 points 5 days ago Canadian man is sad and devastated? Well the Canadian government has a program that will make that all those negative feelings go away. permalink award report block reply
Polarix 4 points 5 days ago "Canadian Regime" permalink award report block reply
breathittbill 4 points 5 days ago No wonder western Provences in Canada are voting to exit and make their own country or apply for statehood. I would go nutso on those people. What you get when you give up your guns. permalink award report block reply
OrangeElvis 4 points 5 days ago Money grab sounds like to me. permalink award report block reply
Dr_CreamKing 4 points 5 days ago So much for the hippocratic oath... permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 3 points 5 days ago Wild that Canada is just straight up evil now permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago England is around ten years ahead of the US and Canada is about to overtake England in terms of being antihuman. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago England is around ten years ahead of the US and Canada is about to overtake England in terms of being antihuman. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 3 points 5 days ago The irony here is that it’s being reported by an actual news organization called Slay News. permalink award report block reply
cptkloss5 3 points 5 days ago oh, the "wounds" will heal pretty quickly, when the government will decide it's his turn to be healed. permalink award report block reply
HotDogDoug 3 points 5 days ago Well there's very little context given. They claim the first grandmother was going to pass naturally in weeks in not days, but they didn't mention what of. Palliative care is what they probably need most of the time, but sometimes the lines between palliative care and euthanasia can be blurry depending on the suffering. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 5 days ago Was looking for this type of post.  Sad its so far down.  Its clearly a way for this guy to get publicity for this stupid documentary.  His "bestie" gramma offed herself and didn't tell him first? uh ok, his other gramma didn't suffer it out for 2 more days, so hes sad.  This is fucking retarded and we are retarded for taking the rage bait. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 3 points 5 days ago Was looking for this type of post.  Sad its so far down.  Its clearly a way for this guy to get publicity for this stupid documentary.  His "bestie" gramma offed herself and didn't tell him first? uh ok, his other gramma didn't suffer it out for 2 more days, so hes sad.  This is fucking retarded and we are retarded for taking the rage bait. permalink parent award report block reply
EllisDee25 3 points 5 days ago Please not slay news. permalink award report block reply TooBright 11 points 5 days ago Slaying is just a healthcare term in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 7 points 5 days ago medically assisted slaying permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 3 points 5 days ago I wonder if they have a slay count in the break room permalink parent award report block reply
TooBright 11 points 5 days ago Slaying is just a healthcare term in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 7 points 5 days ago medically assisted slaying permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 3 points 5 days ago I wonder if they have a slay count in the break room permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 7 points 5 days ago medically assisted slaying permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 3 points 5 days ago I wonder if they have a slay count in the break room permalink parent award report block reply
DontBeAFaggot 3 points 5 days ago I wonder if they have a slay count in the break room permalink parent award report block reply
redinmn 3 points 5 days ago The "doctors" who administered this are murderers. permalink award report block reply
FredRedd 3 points 5 days ago From the article: ...and Christine, an elderly woman who tattooed “Don’t Euthanize Me” on her arm out of fear of the system. Holy crap Christine, that is metal. Sadly, I'll
bet a tatoo wouldn't hold up as a legal document that would protect her, but I respect her spirit. permalink award report block reply
ariloulaleelay 2 points 5 days ago If he's depressed he shouldn't worry - they'll gladly euthanize him too! permalink award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 5 days ago Go West White Man... permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago We've run out of West to go to. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 2 points 5 days ago Heaven. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago We've run out of West to go to. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 2 points 5 days ago Heaven. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 5 days ago Heaven. permalink parent award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 2 points 5 days ago Its called murder. permalink award report block reply
Twixter8888 1 points 5 days ago Did they vaccinations? permalink award report block reply
Dev404 1 points 5 days ago The politicians and judges are still around to be held accountable. Just saying. permalink award report block reply
762xPat 1 points 5 days ago You know what you do with these kinds of "doctors?".....hmmm permalink award report block reply
Cuntgoblin 1 points 5 days ago Start euthanizing the Canadian government right back and see how they like it. permalink award report block reply
least_counties_ever 1 points 5 days ago Canada should euthanize its entire population. Imagine all that hunting land for us. permalink award report block reply
anti_masker 1 points 5 days ago Canada sucks permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 5 days ago Nothing would make me turn violent against my government more than them actively murdering my innocent family members. Hopefully those Canucks feel the same. permalink award report block reply
Lower 1 points 5 days ago Why did I read this as "Canadian Man Devastated After Government Euthanizes Both His Granddaughters"? I'm sure this is next months news. Government sponsored murder of any relative you don't like. permalink award report block reply
Roof_Korean 1 points 5 days ago Devil is routing people to hell with suicide permalink award report block reply
doug2 1 points 5 days ago I thought this was the bee permalink award report block reply
spinometer2 1 points 5 days ago stupid evil people permalink award report block reply
fjzappa 1 points 5 days ago Free MeDiCaL CaRe! It's free for you as long as you're useful.  You can be useful in voting, or useful in paying taxes.  If you're too expensive to keep alive, we won't bother. permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 1 points 5 days ago My brother was killed by modern medicine at what is supposed to be one of the best hospitals in the country.  He ended up in palliative care at the end and the “team” they sent to help us through that was diabolical.  They tried to wedge between the family members that saw the inevitable and those that didn’t.  I knew my brother was going to die, but I was not going to allow them to break our family apart too.  I was fortunate to have a very supportive cousin who saw what I saw.  Together we kept my brother’s family united.  The last thing they needed after losing a husband and father was internal strife from his end of life. If I ever found one of those staff members in a hospital, on life support, I would unplug them to charge my phone, so I could shit post on PDW. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 1 points 5 days ago “What did I do wrong that makes you want to end it now, and not stay a few more days with me…” The guy in this story, who lost his grandmothers, is a narcissist.  He’s sad that his “bestie” grandma didn’t want to keep living in pain for him. permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 5 days ago Soylent Green is... your grandmother. permalink award report block reply
R3tro 1 points 5 days ago Muh SoCiAliZm…. permalink award report block reply
Pwrxs 1 points 5 days ago Saar pleas permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 1 points 5 days ago Is this a shitpost?  Seems like a Bee headline… permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 1 points 5 days ago All their assets were seized to pay for medical care? permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago This was always the goal of euthanasia programs. Anyone who says otherwise is stupid or lying permalink award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.... But your life is ours! permalink award report block reply
8bit_mixtape 1 points 5 days ago find those responsible permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 5 days ago Canucks are fucked up !! permalink award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Canada has been murdering people for decades with healthcare rationing. I had a recent health scare.  I had a CT scan within two hours.  The next day I had an MRI.  I had a team of specialists evaluating the MRI the same day it was done. The wait for an MRI in Canada is months.  The wait for specialist is months. Let's say a spot was seen on your lung during your annual physical.  You wait weeks/months for whatever diagnostics the specialist orders, then weeks/months for your next appointment with the specialist.  Congratulations!  That tiny spot is now a metastasized cancer.  You are refused any treatment other than palliative care because the wait lit for the treatment is longer than you've got to live. Why do you think about a decade ago the Canadian Health Minister, whose family had an entire cancer hospital named after them, went to the US for treatment? permalink award report block reply
TrustYourself 1 points 5 days ago I am sure they have something they can do to help him. permalink award report block reply
TheLivingExample 1 points 5 days ago This makes no sense, It's not called Elederlyincanada?!?! permalink award report block reply
Stover205 1 points 5 days ago Wounds that won't heal. Canada has a cure for that. permalink award report block reply
MediaBro 1 points 5 days ago Wait, this is real news?? I thought I was reading a Bee headline permalink award report block reply
billybaldwin2 1 points 5 days ago Didn't Illinois senate + house just pass a bill with assisted suicide in it? permalink award report block reply
_Eric_Ciaramella_ 1 points 5 days ago slay news? frfr no cap? this article was bussin fam 6.7. permalink award report block reply
Cali_Republican 1 points 5 days ago Socialized Healthcare, what did people expect? permalink award report block reply
Kolob64 1 points 5 days ago Soylent Green permalink award report block reply
Knowthyself -1 points 5 days ago “She was most likely going to die within a few days by natural causes…" Now remember that it's not America and they weren't going to just drug her into a zombified state. A barbaric practice overall but this isn't the one. permalink award report block reply
solo25 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago The Kalergi and UN replacement migration plan. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago The Kalergi and UN replacement migration plan. permalink parent award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply