22 Potus Thinks Americans need to be replaced by H1b and are too Stupid DEPORT posted 5 hours ago by GatoradeJeb 4 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 23h 🚨 JUST IN: Laura Ingraham PRESSES President Trump on restricting H-1B visas "H-1B visa thing won't be a big priority for you? If you wanna raise wages for Americans, you can't flood the country with THOUSANDS of foreign workers." TRUMP: You have to bring in talent. "We have
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save JoePlumber 8 points 5 hours ago since when do foreigners make better missiles than american workers? that's so incredibly insulting. permalink award report block reply DrCowboyPresident 1 points 4 hours ago Well, Russia makes hypersonics and we can't do that. But we're not exactly importing them, are we permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb OP 5 points 5 hours ago Disgusting. The great replacement continues and trump shows his hatred of White man permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago this the most damning interview trump has ever done. He is rationalizing mass illegal immigration into the most sensitive technical jobs as well. It's simply unbelievable that maintaining the integrity of citizenship, the most important thing for any government, is just casually dismissed by the person we all voted for specifically to undo the mass immigration. I knew it was too good to be true when 1 million illegals hadn't been deported by 6 months in. permalink award report block reply
JoePlumber 8 points 5 hours ago since when do foreigners make better missiles than american workers? that's so incredibly insulting. permalink award report block reply DrCowboyPresident 1 points 4 hours ago Well, Russia makes hypersonics and we can't do that. But we're not exactly importing them, are we permalink parent award report block reply
DrCowboyPresident 1 points 4 hours ago Well, Russia makes hypersonics and we can't do that. But we're not exactly importing them, are we permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb OP 5 points 5 hours ago Disgusting. The great replacement continues and trump shows his hatred of White man permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago this the most damning interview trump has ever done. He is rationalizing mass illegal immigration into the most sensitive technical jobs as well. It's simply unbelievable that maintaining the integrity of citizenship, the most important thing for any government, is just casually dismissed by the person we all voted for specifically to undo the mass immigration. I knew it was too good to be true when 1 million illegals hadn't been deported by 6 months in. permalink award report block reply