229 So weird! I expected that the big deal with China would benefit the American people at least a little bit. Silly me. I guess we'll have to do the best we can with the 600,000 new spies about grace us with their presence. posted 7 hours ago by champdog 12 comments award share report block MAGA?
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Trooph-Hurts 16 points 7 hours ago That’s enough students to fill 10 top universities completely full! … I’m sorry I don’t think there should be any foreign students in any taxpayer paid universities…. But if you wanna be nice, let’s say one percent…. So even so say the University of Texas that would be 500 foreign students which is still a shit ton!….. I will also add that foreigner should only attend a few different universities not every single one of them! permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 6 hours ago The problem is pandering to universities doesn't work.  Universities are spreading the anti-MAGA, anti-US propaganda super fast.  This is one reason we need universities to struggle so they turn out the useless professors that hate America.  So, reduce the number of immigrants in universities opening up the spots for Americans.  Why do universities admit so many foreign students?  Because they can charge more in tuition.  So, ZERO and I mean ZERO US federal funding for international students. permalink parent award report block reply tt777 6 points 6 hours ago Those 600,000 will be able to build things like the bridge that collapsed in China. permalink award report block reply champdog OP 2 points 4 hours ago Hell of a deal i say.  We should be thankful....  i guess? permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 4 points 7 hours ago so that’s the challenge turn six hundred Thousand Chinese MAGA. We can do this permalink award report block reply GA_Logic 3 points 7 hours ago Lets feed them a steady dose of the Bible, bacon and mudding. We can rebuild them and Americanize these short red commies. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 5 hours ago Why the insistence on Chinese students? Same shit here in Scotland, all this new cheap ugly student accommodation apparently funded by them too. Chinks everywhere. permalink award report block reply RINOssuck -12 points 7 hours ago So weird!  More anti-Trump bullshit designed to break up MAGA. permalink award report block reply champdog OP 3 points 4 hours ago How is 600,000 new chinese spies MAGA?  Come on, smart guy.  MAGA is more than Trump, in case you didn't know. permalink parent award report block reply onemanshow -3 points 6 hours ago Endemic at this point. A lot not all are just sliding the forum. Pretend concern. Criticism is one thing. Then there’s the trolls permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 2 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply LauraCoomer 0 points 7 hours ago It's a 15 year auto loan permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 16 points 7 hours ago That’s enough students to fill 10 top universities completely full! … I’m sorry I don’t think there should be any foreign students in any taxpayer paid universities…. But if you wanna be nice, let’s say one percent…. So even so say the University of Texas that would be 500 foreign students which is still a shit ton!….. I will also add that foreigner should only attend a few different universities not every single one of them! permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 6 hours ago The problem is pandering to universities doesn't work.  Universities are spreading the anti-MAGA, anti-US propaganda super fast.  This is one reason we need universities to struggle so they turn out the useless professors that hate America.  So, reduce the number of immigrants in universities opening up the spots for Americans.  Why do universities admit so many foreign students?  Because they can charge more in tuition.  So, ZERO and I mean ZERO US federal funding for international students. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 3 points 6 hours ago The problem is pandering to universities doesn't work.  Universities are spreading the anti-MAGA, anti-US propaganda super fast.  This is one reason we need universities to struggle so they turn out the useless professors that hate America.  So, reduce the number of immigrants in universities opening up the spots for Americans.  Why do universities admit so many foreign students?  Because they can charge more in tuition.  So, ZERO and I mean ZERO US federal funding for international students. permalink parent award report block reply
tt777 6 points 6 hours ago Those 600,000 will be able to build things like the bridge that collapsed in China. permalink award report block reply champdog OP 2 points 4 hours ago Hell of a deal i say.  We should be thankful....  i guess? permalink parent award report block reply
champdog OP 2 points 4 hours ago Hell of a deal i say.  We should be thankful....  i guess? permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 4 points 7 hours ago so that’s the challenge turn six hundred Thousand Chinese MAGA. We can do this permalink award report block reply GA_Logic 3 points 7 hours ago Lets feed them a steady dose of the Bible, bacon and mudding. We can rebuild them and Americanize these short red commies. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 3 points 7 hours ago Lets feed them a steady dose of the Bible, bacon and mudding. We can rebuild them and Americanize these short red commies. permalink parent award report block reply
Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 5 hours ago Why the insistence on Chinese students? Same shit here in Scotland, all this new cheap ugly student accommodation apparently funded by them too. Chinks everywhere. permalink award report block reply
RINOssuck -12 points 7 hours ago So weird!  More anti-Trump bullshit designed to break up MAGA. permalink award report block reply champdog OP 3 points 4 hours ago How is 600,000 new chinese spies MAGA?  Come on, smart guy.  MAGA is more than Trump, in case you didn't know. permalink parent award report block reply onemanshow -3 points 6 hours ago Endemic at this point. A lot not all are just sliding the forum. Pretend concern. Criticism is one thing. Then there’s the trolls permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 2 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply LauraCoomer 0 points 7 hours ago It's a 15 year auto loan permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
champdog OP 3 points 4 hours ago How is 600,000 new chinese spies MAGA?  Come on, smart guy.  MAGA is more than Trump, in case you didn't know. permalink parent award report block reply
onemanshow -3 points 6 hours ago Endemic at this point. A lot not all are just sliding the forum. Pretend concern. Criticism is one thing. Then there’s the trolls permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 2 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply LauraCoomer 0 points 7 hours ago It's a 15 year auto loan permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
LauraCoomer 0 points 7 hours ago It's a 15 year auto loan permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply