1139 Is There's Something Fishy With New Jersey's Latest Election Results? (townhall.com) posted 5 days ago by Sea_Still 108 comments award share report block Is There's Something Fishy With New Jersey's Latest Election Results? Explore the surprising outcomes of New Jersey's latest election results and their implications. townhall.com
108 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save fallhollow 113 points 5 days ago yes, and where is the RNC "lawyer army" that Laura Trump formed in 2024 to go after stuff like this? permalink award report block reply reversethefraud 88 points 5 days ago the RNC went back to being the RNC. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 39 points 5 days ago It's not going to get better until the women and RINOs are removed! permalink parent award report block reply OrangeCatBad 14 points 5 days ago NJ election laws are very lax and legally permits cheating, I moved out of that shithole half a decade ago and they have me register in two different counties multiple times and I have requested all of them to be removed from the voters rolls and the county board of election refuse to. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago Let me guess. You are getting multiple absentee ballots too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... NickAtNight -3 points 5 days ago And you went back to what? permalink parent award report block reply reversethefraud 3 points 5 days ago I went back to being a voter who knows his vote is meaningless becasue the democrats can leverage the DMV to insert thousands of ghost voters, and the voter databse guys assign them special unique IDs so they can pull them out and vote them in huge blocks. I went back to knowing that the democrats have huge investments in ballot mules that pull thousands ballots from old folks homes and halfway houses and other social service NGOs where 100 people live in a 300 sq ft office. I went back to knowing that there are myriad ways each state or even precinct cheats voters out of their voice, such that it's difficult to pin it all down and that it's confusing the average voter. True the Vote figures that in NY alone the average American's vote is like one fith to one eleventh of a vote becasue of all the fruad they were able to track. 333 Yang Mangs in on chicago precinct. Like there is a law preventing Yang Mangs from living elsewhere in Chicago. I've realized there will be nothing, and I mean abesolutely nothing done about this election fraud. It's protectionism of some kind. Protecting the ability to loot America, protecting themselves by makeing sure the right people with the right beliefs are elected to office, whatever it is, it will not change. No matter how snarky and smug you are. It will not be changing ever, and frankly, now that's I've put it all down so I can read it, and rmemebr voter fraud schemes that I cannot even find to acurately describe them, like changing addresses to fake addresses, printing ballots, and then changing the addresses back in Florida I think, I'm going back to not giving a fuck. They win. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 5 days ago 100x up voted if I could. Kash Patel and Pam Bondi should read that post with utter embarrassment and shame for themselves. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 25 points 5 days ago I’m afraid they only cared about getting Trump elected. Which, to their credit, happened. Everyone else is on their own. She seemed completely uninterested in anyone else’s election. And the guy who replaced her has vanished. permalink parent award report block reply Bigperm 35 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler really should be the head of the RNC. He can only do so much door knocking. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 4 points 5 days ago Indeed - dude deserves a major promotion permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 4 days ago This seems to be the case. I think we all saw the GOP leads in the House and Senate dry up over the course of election month counting, and absolutely nothing was done about it. I would have thought that the Trump DOJ would be investigating in those areas since the RNC lawyers didn't seem to do anything, but nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 5 days ago Don’t count on the RNC to do anything. What we need are pro-Trump partisans/paramilitaries willing to do some wet works. So long as the FBI/DOJ are unwilling to prosecute, these paramilitaries can basically get away with murder permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 1 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler was on the case but he fucked up. He tried to go for New Jersey. Not a bad idea if somebody else had done it for him, but he was needed to solidify PA before shifting focus. PA wasn't solidified and so both didn't hold up this election. The partisans have a job to get the word out - kinda hard to do that when the GOP drowns out election updates and important information for trying to scratch at Tucker Carlson permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago The RNC is for Federal elections, the state Republican Party is responsible for these races. permalink parent award report block reply KarlHungus53 2 points 5 days ago The NJGOP is totally useless.  Same people have been there forever and they're fine with losing as long as they get to stay in the club. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 5 days ago At least somebody gets it. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Zero riggers arrested = zero incentive not to rig! permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments... HumblePepe 60 points 5 days ago I wish we had people in Trump admin who cared about this. permalink award report block reply 3-10 23 points 5 days ago You know Scam Blondie sucks when John Solomon is calling her out for incompetence. Yet Trump won’t fire her. I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 12 points 5 days ago Trump clearly has a thing for her it's painfully obvious permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 1 points 5 days ago He has spent a lot of time with the political machine in Florida and he can't trust anybody to recommend and vet people.  So he chooses the devil(s) that he knows.  It was pretty obvious what was happening when he was setting up his administration.  And it's a shame, because there are amazing people all across the country that could be called upon.  Trump just doesn't know about them and can't trust anybody to search them out. permalink parent award report block reply Riggs99 1 points 5 days ago Matt Gaetz was picked first, and would have done a better job - but GOP Senate refused to vote for him.
Trump should have done the recess appointments like he threatened. Who cares if he only gets to be there for 18 months - can do a lot of arrests in 18 months. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 12 points 5 days ago I just want to be a fly on the wall during their meetings. Trump can't be oblivious over her inactions. Especially the Epstein fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma -4 points 5 days ago Epstein files are a literal hoax, but keep forum sliding. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 10 points 5 days ago 20 years of trafficking kids to himself and he made a billion dollars while doing this? Interesting hoax idea you got there. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Alphahorizon 4 points 5 days ago Shhh....you may get shadow banned here... permalink parent award report block reply InternetSolutions 1 points 5 days ago I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. For whatever strange reason, this reminded me of that random youtube clip of a black female DEI military woman in Afghanistan or Iraq 10 years ago who was radio'ed for help so she turned off her comms. Sadly the video has been scrubbed from youtube apparently. 😖 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Classygasoline 6 points 5 days ago Not even Trump does permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 34 points 5 days ago Of course they stole it and all the "important" elections this year. The nation HATES them yet people keep voting for them, but only where there is NO VOTER ID? Sure. permalink award report block reply TheFozz 26 points 5 days ago Democrats steal elections, and Republicunts let them. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 24 points 5 days ago I'm starting to not give a single fuck anymore about any of this. Watch the Trump admin do lip service about this for a month and not do a damn thing about it, either because they can't do anything or won't. Politics is nothing but theater. The few people who care about us Americans either have no power or are being influenced by foreign interests. I'm sick of playing this game. permalink award report block reply Decepticons-superior 11 points 5 days ago I get downvoted to oblivion every time I say this, but President Trump isn’t the system disruptor that he wants us to think he is. He will do a few things that really upset the bureaucrats, but he protects the system. Epstein is a perfect example. I do not believe for one second that he’s on the list but he’s protecting people that are. And Jerome Powell - he complains a lot about that guy, but he doesn’t do anything about it. He could even fire him, but he won’t. And what about the department of education? Other than Linda McMahon making a tweet about it, what’s going on there? We have a year until the Democrats possibly take over Congress so it needs to close NOW. And this is on top of his ineffective FBI director and Attorney General. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 8 points 5 days ago He IS the system disruptor.  He ended 8 wars, stopped illegal immigration, is deporting in large scale, using tariffs to help country, etc... He is getting NO HLEP from ANYONE is the problem.  Trump can't do 100% of what needs to be done and litreally no one else is helping, except Rubio.  You can't say he picked wrong people, because it doesn't matter who he picks they won't do anything. Like you said, very disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply Purple_Drank 7 points 5 days ago Senator Kennedy has entered the chat with something hilarious to say… permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 1 points 5 days ago I’ll admit, he’s good permalink parent award report block reply jatergator 5 points 5 days ago First time? permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 5 days ago Not the first. And sadly, probably not the last, either. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 5 days ago Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 5 days ago I only put the word "can't" in there because apparently, if you point out that the Trump admin won't do something pro-MAGA, you are anti-Trump and anti-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Polander 1 points 5 days ago I think Trump really overplayed his hand talking about how if the government shut down he'd start doing deep, deep cuts to the government that couldn't be easily undone. Schumer called him on his bluff and is laughing right now. permalink parent award report block reply Bigperm 17 points 5 days ago I clipped this from the next door app that someone posted... Something very fishy going on at the election station. I casted my REPUBLICAN votes, and each one defaulted to DEMOCRAT! It happened THREE TIMES! My 4th attempt correctly showed my REPUBLICAN votes, but then the machine froze and would not let me print the ballot! Poll workers gathered around the machine, and then phoned someone for help. The workers were told to reboot the machine, which they did, and it happened AGAIN! I had requested that this machine be noted as "out of order", but it was not done! Therefore, i called the police as i felt this was wrong. Officer arrived and a report was filed. Also, while this was happening, another candidate on the ballot happened to walk in and i informed him of what had transpired. He made several calls and a commissioner of the Board of Elections arrived. After giving my information, I was asked to leave, as they were going to do an investigation. I've spoken to a couple news teams. permalink award report block reply OrangeElvis 2 points 5 days ago Well done!  Not sure what more you could have done. permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 12 points 5 days ago Bondi? Kash? permalink award report block reply ebuy123 8 points 5 days ago anyone? permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago I hate to put it to you pal, but Bondi is too busy putting on her makeup and scheduling her next plastic! permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 4 points 5 days ago Last I checked Kash had the FBI jet in South Korea (from Japan). No word yet on when he might show some interest in American problems. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 9 points 5 days ago When you look at Jack’s voter count, he actually did well compared to prior years. It’s the Dem side that seems suspect, where they magically found 4-500k more voters than they would in a normal gubernatorial race. permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 9 points 5 days ago No Krakens will be released. 18 months later, definitive proof will be brought to light that the election results were curated. NOTHING WILL HAPPEN. Rinse.  Repeat. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 5 days ago Proof will only come out if the Democrats take over the House and Senate following the midterms, just to rub it in our faces. permalink parent award report block reply SomeGuyOnTheInternet 7 points 5 days ago You mean like multiple bomb threats being called into polling locations in Republican districts?? permalink award report block reply Fromseatoshinningsea 6 points 5 days ago 500,000 additional ballots, 90% communist. Statically impossible. This one was winnable. permalink award report block reply BwithanAttitude 5 points 5 days ago Yeah it's called cheating permalink award report block reply gaijin_ronin 5 points 5 days ago In today's edition of: When Water is Wet. permalink award report block reply BillGateCanSuckIt 5 points 5 days ago When you don't charge for voter fraud, you get voter fraud permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, but but but Trump blogs about how he CAUGHT them cheating permalink parent award report block reply harryparatestes 5 points 5 days ago Why wouldn't they cheat?  They get caught and nothing happens. permalink award report block reply MythArcana 5 points 5 days ago If New Jersey is fishy, then California is rotten. permalink award report block reply Roadpower 4 points 5 days ago Day ends in y. permalink award report block reply SmokyJoe678 4 points 5 days ago Until Trump gets rid of Bondi nothing is going to change. No one of any consequence has been perp walked, and until that happens the dems are going to keep doing what they've always done.
It boggles the mind that this is the fourth do nothing AG that Trump has picked. They tried to kill him twice, what is it going to take to get him to stop playing nice. permalink award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 1 points 5 days ago He doesn’t seem to care about those assassination attempts either, which means they were staged, or he knows who was really behind them and they have him by the balls. Neither option is good. permalink parent award report block reply n3IVI0 3 points 5 days ago If there is, nothing will ever be done about it. permalink award report block reply Mega_MAGA 3 points 5 days ago Fake bomb threats used to close polling locations and intimidated voters permalink award report block reply Thomm 3 points 5 days ago This is what happens when you never go on offense. When you send sternly worded letters and mean tweets instead of actually securing elections. permalink award report block reply DeeeDay 2 points 5 days ago EVERY election involving a Democrat turns out to be fishy. permalink award report block reply dtrap 2 points 5 days ago Which begs the question, "Is there is anyone in government that will actually do anything about it?" permalink award report block reply Geocav 2 points 5 days ago ...Always, NJ is corrupt as the day is long. permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 1 points 5 days ago Maybe. But will ANYTHING be done about it? Unlikely. permalink award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 5 days ago No…she’s just Ex-CIA. Nothing to see here. permalink award report block reply Elric44357 1 points 5 days ago Duh permalink award report block reply Alldayeveryday 1 points 5 days ago Im in Jersey. There was def some funny business but some people also couldn't get off their lazy asses and vote. permalink award report block reply Sunnybats2 1 points 5 days ago Probably permalink award report block reply jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago You wouldn't understand, it's a Jersey thing permalink award report block reply JetJocky 1 points 5 days ago Trump wants to end the filibuster to enact voting reform by eliminating mail-in ballots, having same day voting, voter ID and citizen only voting. The cowardly GOP in the House and Senate have done nothing about this all year. permalink award report block reply AwareandNonCompliant 1 points 5 days ago We are still guessing at what is happening here ?  All this time and no one has tried to infiltrate these NGOs and figured out how this is happening?  We’ve known for at least 5 years now that when we go out to voter’s  residences and ask if they actually voted enough say no to swing elections. How many of these new registrations requested their ballot be sent to another address ?  Every resource we have should be dedicated at solving this problem first. Maybe we can advertise a class action suit for residents who had their vote stolen.  Promise of a big payoff might get them to check their voting history and report if someone voted for them. permalink award report block reply Tacoboutit 1 points 4 days ago When hasn't there been something fishy? permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 1 points 5 days ago Of course there is permalink award report block reply MyBallsAreRough 1 points 5 days ago lol. fuck these people. what is it going to take to cross the rubicon permalink award report block reply NewJigger504 1 points 5 days ago is there's??? permalink award report block reply MatterThatMetals 1 points 5 days ago Anywhere the Dems won there is fuckery afoot. permalink award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 5 days ago Not really, conservatives as usual sit out everything except Presidential elections....and even then many can't be bothered to vote all the way down the ticket. We could easily solve everything just by showing up and voting, but people want to talk about muh guns etc. permalink award report block reply A_Colostomy_Bag 1 points 5 days ago The polsters were probably trying to lull Republicans into complacency.  Remember, they conspired with the Democrats in 2020 to make Dems seem like they were popular enough to make the stolen outcome seem plausible. permalink award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 5 days ago Frankly, I don't give a single solitary fuck about this. We have complained to NJGOP and the RNC about this issue. We have shown proof of cheating, we documented the Dem's strategies for cheating....we did all the legwork all they had to do was file the case. They ignored us, told us we need more proof and they moved on and Democrats continue unabated. As long as Trenton belongs to Democrats you will never solve this problem. permalink award report block reply Tophat9000 1 points 5 days ago Yeah we have to consider Democrats
(or really the big interest big money)
may have invented a new way to cheat This is a war and you have to always remember your enemy is always going to try and come up with new weapons And people that are saying well worst lawyers look if you read the article it's not saying anything they put their finger on yet It's just something very odd going on... A new weapon? permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 1 points 5 days ago It’s not 100% proof of fraud, but it does make you  think and want to ask questions. Could it be legitimate yes on the other hand it seems a bit suspicious. permalink award report block reply y_do_i_need_to_hide 1 points 5 days ago Without looking, I can say YES. permalink award report block reply Bboop 1 points 5 days ago Weren’t there fires in polling places? Or was it bombs? permalink award report block reply MR__K 2 points 5 days ago There was a bomb threat , people where told to leave several locations due to machines being down. As well a high red area receiving a bomb threats. permalink parent award report block reply ShinAkuma 1 points 5 days ago They probably let illegals vote. So yes fishy, but not much can be done about it. People forget how lax the voting laws are in many states. We also had record low turnout. If we are to win any elections, they need to be like 2024 - Too big to rig. So letting illegals vote and like 600000 less GOP votes from 2024 and we get this massive margin of victory for the Dems. Unless Trump is on the ticket there is almost no campaign, no info, no promotion from the RNC. This MUST CHANGE for midterms. permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 1 points 5 days ago NYC, Jersey doing what shitholes do. Hard to see why these forsaken lands don't deserve nuking. permalink award report block reply Creepy_Joe 0 points 5 days ago Where's the Trump administration when it comes to election fraud? All we got so far was an orange buffoon who bitches all day on social media. permalink award report block reply Executarian2 0 points 5 days ago No, Trump has just been fucking up badly with his messaging and we got screwed as a result. If we chalk up every result to voter fraud (which we should be fighting anyways), then we're doomed to repeat all of our mistakes. Even if there IS voter fraud, policy-wise, we have to act like there isn't and that we're always ten points behind. Resting on our laurels is the wrong way about this. permalink award report block reply NickAtNight -5 points 5 days ago People voting is fishy ? permalink award report block reply USNVET71 -7 points 5 days ago The democrats rigged an election. Are you serious?😲😲😲 permalink award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
fallhollow 113 points 5 days ago yes, and where is the RNC "lawyer army" that Laura Trump formed in 2024 to go after stuff like this? permalink award report block reply reversethefraud 88 points 5 days ago the RNC went back to being the RNC. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 39 points 5 days ago It's not going to get better until the women and RINOs are removed! permalink parent award report block reply OrangeCatBad 14 points 5 days ago NJ election laws are very lax and legally permits cheating, I moved out of that shithole half a decade ago and they have me register in two different counties multiple times and I have requested all of them to be removed from the voters rolls and the county board of election refuse to. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago Let me guess. You are getting multiple absentee ballots too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... NickAtNight -3 points 5 days ago And you went back to what? permalink parent award report block reply reversethefraud 3 points 5 days ago I went back to being a voter who knows his vote is meaningless becasue the democrats can leverage the DMV to insert thousands of ghost voters, and the voter databse guys assign them special unique IDs so they can pull them out and vote them in huge blocks. I went back to knowing that the democrats have huge investments in ballot mules that pull thousands ballots from old folks homes and halfway houses and other social service NGOs where 100 people live in a 300 sq ft office. I went back to knowing that there are myriad ways each state or even precinct cheats voters out of their voice, such that it's difficult to pin it all down and that it's confusing the average voter. True the Vote figures that in NY alone the average American's vote is like one fith to one eleventh of a vote becasue of all the fruad they were able to track. 333 Yang Mangs in on chicago precinct. Like there is a law preventing Yang Mangs from living elsewhere in Chicago. I've realized there will be nothing, and I mean abesolutely nothing done about this election fraud. It's protectionism of some kind. Protecting the ability to loot America, protecting themselves by makeing sure the right people with the right beliefs are elected to office, whatever it is, it will not change. No matter how snarky and smug you are. It will not be changing ever, and frankly, now that's I've put it all down so I can read it, and rmemebr voter fraud schemes that I cannot even find to acurately describe them, like changing addresses to fake addresses, printing ballots, and then changing the addresses back in Florida I think, I'm going back to not giving a fuck. They win. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 5 days ago 100x up voted if I could. Kash Patel and Pam Bondi should read that post with utter embarrassment and shame for themselves. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 25 points 5 days ago I’m afraid they only cared about getting Trump elected. Which, to their credit, happened. Everyone else is on their own. She seemed completely uninterested in anyone else’s election. And the guy who replaced her has vanished. permalink parent award report block reply Bigperm 35 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler really should be the head of the RNC. He can only do so much door knocking. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 4 points 5 days ago Indeed - dude deserves a major promotion permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 4 days ago This seems to be the case. I think we all saw the GOP leads in the House and Senate dry up over the course of election month counting, and absolutely nothing was done about it. I would have thought that the Trump DOJ would be investigating in those areas since the RNC lawyers didn't seem to do anything, but nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 5 days ago Don’t count on the RNC to do anything. What we need are pro-Trump partisans/paramilitaries willing to do some wet works. So long as the FBI/DOJ are unwilling to prosecute, these paramilitaries can basically get away with murder permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 1 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler was on the case but he fucked up. He tried to go for New Jersey. Not a bad idea if somebody else had done it for him, but he was needed to solidify PA before shifting focus. PA wasn't solidified and so both didn't hold up this election. The partisans have a job to get the word out - kinda hard to do that when the GOP drowns out election updates and important information for trying to scratch at Tucker Carlson permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago The RNC is for Federal elections, the state Republican Party is responsible for these races. permalink parent award report block reply KarlHungus53 2 points 5 days ago The NJGOP is totally useless.  Same people have been there forever and they're fine with losing as long as they get to stay in the club. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 5 days ago At least somebody gets it. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Zero riggers arrested = zero incentive not to rig! permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments...
reversethefraud 88 points 5 days ago the RNC went back to being the RNC. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 39 points 5 days ago It's not going to get better until the women and RINOs are removed! permalink parent award report block reply OrangeCatBad 14 points 5 days ago NJ election laws are very lax and legally permits cheating, I moved out of that shithole half a decade ago and they have me register in two different counties multiple times and I have requested all of them to be removed from the voters rolls and the county board of election refuse to. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago Let me guess. You are getting multiple absentee ballots too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... NickAtNight -3 points 5 days ago And you went back to what? permalink parent award report block reply reversethefraud 3 points 5 days ago I went back to being a voter who knows his vote is meaningless becasue the democrats can leverage the DMV to insert thousands of ghost voters, and the voter databse guys assign them special unique IDs so they can pull them out and vote them in huge blocks. I went back to knowing that the democrats have huge investments in ballot mules that pull thousands ballots from old folks homes and halfway houses and other social service NGOs where 100 people live in a 300 sq ft office. I went back to knowing that there are myriad ways each state or even precinct cheats voters out of their voice, such that it's difficult to pin it all down and that it's confusing the average voter. True the Vote figures that in NY alone the average American's vote is like one fith to one eleventh of a vote becasue of all the fruad they were able to track. 333 Yang Mangs in on chicago precinct. Like there is a law preventing Yang Mangs from living elsewhere in Chicago. I've realized there will be nothing, and I mean abesolutely nothing done about this election fraud. It's protectionism of some kind. Protecting the ability to loot America, protecting themselves by makeing sure the right people with the right beliefs are elected to office, whatever it is, it will not change. No matter how snarky and smug you are. It will not be changing ever, and frankly, now that's I've put it all down so I can read it, and rmemebr voter fraud schemes that I cannot even find to acurately describe them, like changing addresses to fake addresses, printing ballots, and then changing the addresses back in Florida I think, I'm going back to not giving a fuck. They win. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 5 days ago 100x up voted if I could. Kash Patel and Pam Bondi should read that post with utter embarrassment and shame for themselves. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 39 points 5 days ago It's not going to get better until the women and RINOs are removed! permalink parent award report block reply OrangeCatBad 14 points 5 days ago NJ election laws are very lax and legally permits cheating, I moved out of that shithole half a decade ago and they have me register in two different counties multiple times and I have requested all of them to be removed from the voters rolls and the county board of election refuse to. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago Let me guess. You are getting multiple absentee ballots too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
OrangeCatBad 14 points 5 days ago NJ election laws are very lax and legally permits cheating, I moved out of that shithole half a decade ago and they have me register in two different counties multiple times and I have requested all of them to be removed from the voters rolls and the county board of election refuse to. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago Let me guess. You are getting multiple absentee ballots too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago Let me guess. You are getting multiple absentee ballots too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
NickAtNight -3 points 5 days ago And you went back to what? permalink parent award report block reply reversethefraud 3 points 5 days ago I went back to being a voter who knows his vote is meaningless becasue the democrats can leverage the DMV to insert thousands of ghost voters, and the voter databse guys assign them special unique IDs so they can pull them out and vote them in huge blocks. I went back to knowing that the democrats have huge investments in ballot mules that pull thousands ballots from old folks homes and halfway houses and other social service NGOs where 100 people live in a 300 sq ft office. I went back to knowing that there are myriad ways each state or even precinct cheats voters out of their voice, such that it's difficult to pin it all down and that it's confusing the average voter. True the Vote figures that in NY alone the average American's vote is like one fith to one eleventh of a vote becasue of all the fruad they were able to track. 333 Yang Mangs in on chicago precinct. Like there is a law preventing Yang Mangs from living elsewhere in Chicago. I've realized there will be nothing, and I mean abesolutely nothing done about this election fraud. It's protectionism of some kind. Protecting the ability to loot America, protecting themselves by makeing sure the right people with the right beliefs are elected to office, whatever it is, it will not change. No matter how snarky and smug you are. It will not be changing ever, and frankly, now that's I've put it all down so I can read it, and rmemebr voter fraud schemes that I cannot even find to acurately describe them, like changing addresses to fake addresses, printing ballots, and then changing the addresses back in Florida I think, I'm going back to not giving a fuck. They win. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 5 days ago 100x up voted if I could. Kash Patel and Pam Bondi should read that post with utter embarrassment and shame for themselves. permalink parent award report block reply
reversethefraud 3 points 5 days ago I went back to being a voter who knows his vote is meaningless becasue the democrats can leverage the DMV to insert thousands of ghost voters, and the voter databse guys assign them special unique IDs so they can pull them out and vote them in huge blocks. I went back to knowing that the democrats have huge investments in ballot mules that pull thousands ballots from old folks homes and halfway houses and other social service NGOs where 100 people live in a 300 sq ft office. I went back to knowing that there are myriad ways each state or even precinct cheats voters out of their voice, such that it's difficult to pin it all down and that it's confusing the average voter. True the Vote figures that in NY alone the average American's vote is like one fith to one eleventh of a vote becasue of all the fruad they were able to track. 333 Yang Mangs in on chicago precinct. Like there is a law preventing Yang Mangs from living elsewhere in Chicago. I've realized there will be nothing, and I mean abesolutely nothing done about this election fraud. It's protectionism of some kind. Protecting the ability to loot America, protecting themselves by makeing sure the right people with the right beliefs are elected to office, whatever it is, it will not change. No matter how snarky and smug you are. It will not be changing ever, and frankly, now that's I've put it all down so I can read it, and rmemebr voter fraud schemes that I cannot even find to acurately describe them, like changing addresses to fake addresses, printing ballots, and then changing the addresses back in Florida I think, I'm going back to not giving a fuck. They win. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 5 days ago 100x up voted if I could. Kash Patel and Pam Bondi should read that post with utter embarrassment and shame for themselves. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 5 days ago 100x up voted if I could. Kash Patel and Pam Bondi should read that post with utter embarrassment and shame for themselves. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 25 points 5 days ago I’m afraid they only cared about getting Trump elected. Which, to their credit, happened. Everyone else is on their own. She seemed completely uninterested in anyone else’s election. And the guy who replaced her has vanished. permalink parent award report block reply Bigperm 35 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler really should be the head of the RNC. He can only do so much door knocking. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 4 points 5 days ago Indeed - dude deserves a major promotion permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 4 days ago This seems to be the case. I think we all saw the GOP leads in the House and Senate dry up over the course of election month counting, and absolutely nothing was done about it. I would have thought that the Trump DOJ would be investigating in those areas since the RNC lawyers didn't seem to do anything, but nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply
Bigperm 35 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler really should be the head of the RNC. He can only do so much door knocking. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 4 points 5 days ago Indeed - dude deserves a major promotion permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 4 points 5 days ago Indeed - dude deserves a major promotion permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 4 days ago This seems to be the case. I think we all saw the GOP leads in the House and Senate dry up over the course of election month counting, and absolutely nothing was done about it. I would have thought that the Trump DOJ would be investigating in those areas since the RNC lawyers didn't seem to do anything, but nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 7 points 5 days ago Don’t count on the RNC to do anything. What we need are pro-Trump partisans/paramilitaries willing to do some wet works. So long as the FBI/DOJ are unwilling to prosecute, these paramilitaries can basically get away with murder permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 1 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler was on the case but he fucked up. He tried to go for New Jersey. Not a bad idea if somebody else had done it for him, but he was needed to solidify PA before shifting focus. PA wasn't solidified and so both didn't hold up this election. The partisans have a job to get the word out - kinda hard to do that when the GOP drowns out election updates and important information for trying to scratch at Tucker Carlson permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ 1 points 5 days ago Scott Pressler was on the case but he fucked up. He tried to go for New Jersey. Not a bad idea if somebody else had done it for him, but he was needed to solidify PA before shifting focus. PA wasn't solidified and so both didn't hold up this election. The partisans have a job to get the word out - kinda hard to do that when the GOP drowns out election updates and important information for trying to scratch at Tucker Carlson permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago The RNC is for Federal elections, the state Republican Party is responsible for these races. permalink parent award report block reply KarlHungus53 2 points 5 days ago The NJGOP is totally useless.  Same people have been there forever and they're fine with losing as long as they get to stay in the club. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 5 days ago At least somebody gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
KarlHungus53 2 points 5 days ago The NJGOP is totally useless.  Same people have been there forever and they're fine with losing as long as they get to stay in the club. permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 1 points 5 days ago At least somebody gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Zero riggers arrested = zero incentive not to rig! permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 60 points 5 days ago I wish we had people in Trump admin who cared about this. permalink award report block reply 3-10 23 points 5 days ago You know Scam Blondie sucks when John Solomon is calling her out for incompetence. Yet Trump won’t fire her. I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 12 points 5 days ago Trump clearly has a thing for her it's painfully obvious permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 1 points 5 days ago He has spent a lot of time with the political machine in Florida and he can't trust anybody to recommend and vet people.  So he chooses the devil(s) that he knows.  It was pretty obvious what was happening when he was setting up his administration.  And it's a shame, because there are amazing people all across the country that could be called upon.  Trump just doesn't know about them and can't trust anybody to search them out. permalink parent award report block reply Riggs99 1 points 5 days ago Matt Gaetz was picked first, and would have done a better job - but GOP Senate refused to vote for him.
Trump should have done the recess appointments like he threatened. Who cares if he only gets to be there for 18 months - can do a lot of arrests in 18 months. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 12 points 5 days ago I just want to be a fly on the wall during their meetings. Trump can't be oblivious over her inactions. Especially the Epstein fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma -4 points 5 days ago Epstein files are a literal hoax, but keep forum sliding. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 10 points 5 days ago 20 years of trafficking kids to himself and he made a billion dollars while doing this? Interesting hoax idea you got there. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Alphahorizon 4 points 5 days ago Shhh....you may get shadow banned here... permalink parent award report block reply InternetSolutions 1 points 5 days ago I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. For whatever strange reason, this reminded me of that random youtube clip of a black female DEI military woman in Afghanistan or Iraq 10 years ago who was radio'ed for help so she turned off her comms. Sadly the video has been scrubbed from youtube apparently. 😖 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Classygasoline 6 points 5 days ago Not even Trump does permalink parent award report block reply
3-10 23 points 5 days ago You know Scam Blondie sucks when John Solomon is calling her out for incompetence. Yet Trump won’t fire her. I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 12 points 5 days ago Trump clearly has a thing for her it's painfully obvious permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 1 points 5 days ago He has spent a lot of time with the political machine in Florida and he can't trust anybody to recommend and vet people.  So he chooses the devil(s) that he knows.  It was pretty obvious what was happening when he was setting up his administration.  And it's a shame, because there are amazing people all across the country that could be called upon.  Trump just doesn't know about them and can't trust anybody to search them out. permalink parent award report block reply Riggs99 1 points 5 days ago Matt Gaetz was picked first, and would have done a better job - but GOP Senate refused to vote for him.
Trump should have done the recess appointments like he threatened. Who cares if he only gets to be there for 18 months - can do a lot of arrests in 18 months. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 12 points 5 days ago I just want to be a fly on the wall during their meetings. Trump can't be oblivious over her inactions. Especially the Epstein fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma -4 points 5 days ago Epstein files are a literal hoax, but keep forum sliding. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 10 points 5 days ago 20 years of trafficking kids to himself and he made a billion dollars while doing this? Interesting hoax idea you got there. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Alphahorizon 4 points 5 days ago Shhh....you may get shadow banned here... permalink parent award report block reply InternetSolutions 1 points 5 days ago I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. For whatever strange reason, this reminded me of that random youtube clip of a black female DEI military woman in Afghanistan or Iraq 10 years ago who was radio'ed for help so she turned off her comms. Sadly the video has been scrubbed from youtube apparently. 😖 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
spezisacuckold 12 points 5 days ago Trump clearly has a thing for her it's painfully obvious permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 1 points 5 days ago He has spent a lot of time with the political machine in Florida and he can't trust anybody to recommend and vet people.  So he chooses the devil(s) that he knows.  It was pretty obvious what was happening when he was setting up his administration.  And it's a shame, because there are amazing people all across the country that could be called upon.  Trump just doesn't know about them and can't trust anybody to search them out. permalink parent award report block reply Riggs99 1 points 5 days ago Matt Gaetz was picked first, and would have done a better job - but GOP Senate refused to vote for him.
Trump should have done the recess appointments like he threatened. Who cares if he only gets to be there for 18 months - can do a lot of arrests in 18 months. permalink parent award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 1 points 5 days ago He has spent a lot of time with the political machine in Florida and he can't trust anybody to recommend and vet people.  So he chooses the devil(s) that he knows.  It was pretty obvious what was happening when he was setting up his administration.  And it's a shame, because there are amazing people all across the country that could be called upon.  Trump just doesn't know about them and can't trust anybody to search them out. permalink parent award report block reply Riggs99 1 points 5 days ago Matt Gaetz was picked first, and would have done a better job - but GOP Senate refused to vote for him.
Trump should have done the recess appointments like he threatened. Who cares if he only gets to be there for 18 months - can do a lot of arrests in 18 months. permalink parent award report block reply
Riggs99 1 points 5 days ago Matt Gaetz was picked first, and would have done a better job - but GOP Senate refused to vote for him.
Trump should have done the recess appointments like he threatened. Who cares if he only gets to be there for 18 months - can do a lot of arrests in 18 months. permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 12 points 5 days ago I just want to be a fly on the wall during their meetings. Trump can't be oblivious over her inactions. Especially the Epstein fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma -4 points 5 days ago Epstein files are a literal hoax, but keep forum sliding. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 10 points 5 days ago 20 years of trafficking kids to himself and he made a billion dollars while doing this? Interesting hoax idea you got there. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MarALigma -4 points 5 days ago Epstein files are a literal hoax, but keep forum sliding. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 10 points 5 days ago 20 years of trafficking kids to himself and he made a billion dollars while doing this? Interesting hoax idea you got there. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
USDMaga 10 points 5 days ago 20 years of trafficking kids to himself and he made a billion dollars while doing this? Interesting hoax idea you got there. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Alphahorizon 4 points 5 days ago Shhh....you may get shadow banned here... permalink parent award report block reply
InternetSolutions 1 points 5 days ago I watched officers get relieved of duty for less incompetence. For whatever strange reason, this reminded me of that random youtube clip of a black female DEI military woman in Afghanistan or Iraq 10 years ago who was radio'ed for help so she turned off her comms. Sadly the video has been scrubbed from youtube apparently. 😖 permalink parent award report block reply
Classygasoline 6 points 5 days ago Not even Trump does permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 34 points 5 days ago Of course they stole it and all the "important" elections this year. The nation HATES them yet people keep voting for them, but only where there is NO VOTER ID? Sure. permalink award report block reply
TheFozz 26 points 5 days ago Democrats steal elections, and Republicunts let them. permalink award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 24 points 5 days ago I'm starting to not give a single fuck anymore about any of this. Watch the Trump admin do lip service about this for a month and not do a damn thing about it, either because they can't do anything or won't. Politics is nothing but theater. The few people who care about us Americans either have no power or are being influenced by foreign interests. I'm sick of playing this game. permalink award report block reply Decepticons-superior 11 points 5 days ago I get downvoted to oblivion every time I say this, but President Trump isn’t the system disruptor that he wants us to think he is. He will do a few things that really upset the bureaucrats, but he protects the system. Epstein is a perfect example. I do not believe for one second that he’s on the list but he’s protecting people that are. And Jerome Powell - he complains a lot about that guy, but he doesn’t do anything about it. He could even fire him, but he won’t. And what about the department of education? Other than Linda McMahon making a tweet about it, what’s going on there? We have a year until the Democrats possibly take over Congress so it needs to close NOW. And this is on top of his ineffective FBI director and Attorney General. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 8 points 5 days ago He IS the system disruptor.  He ended 8 wars, stopped illegal immigration, is deporting in large scale, using tariffs to help country, etc... He is getting NO HLEP from ANYONE is the problem.  Trump can't do 100% of what needs to be done and litreally no one else is helping, except Rubio.  You can't say he picked wrong people, because it doesn't matter who he picks they won't do anything. Like you said, very disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply Purple_Drank 7 points 5 days ago Senator Kennedy has entered the chat with something hilarious to say… permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 1 points 5 days ago I’ll admit, he’s good permalink parent award report block reply jatergator 5 points 5 days ago First time? permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 5 days ago Not the first. And sadly, probably not the last, either. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 5 days ago Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 5 days ago I only put the word "can't" in there because apparently, if you point out that the Trump admin won't do something pro-MAGA, you are anti-Trump and anti-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Polander 1 points 5 days ago I think Trump really overplayed his hand talking about how if the government shut down he'd start doing deep, deep cuts to the government that couldn't be easily undone. Schumer called him on his bluff and is laughing right now. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 11 points 5 days ago I get downvoted to oblivion every time I say this, but President Trump isn’t the system disruptor that he wants us to think he is. He will do a few things that really upset the bureaucrats, but he protects the system. Epstein is a perfect example. I do not believe for one second that he’s on the list but he’s protecting people that are. And Jerome Powell - he complains a lot about that guy, but he doesn’t do anything about it. He could even fire him, but he won’t. And what about the department of education? Other than Linda McMahon making a tweet about it, what’s going on there? We have a year until the Democrats possibly take over Congress so it needs to close NOW. And this is on top of his ineffective FBI director and Attorney General. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 8 points 5 days ago He IS the system disruptor.  He ended 8 wars, stopped illegal immigration, is deporting in large scale, using tariffs to help country, etc... He is getting NO HLEP from ANYONE is the problem.  Trump can't do 100% of what needs to be done and litreally no one else is helping, except Rubio.  You can't say he picked wrong people, because it doesn't matter who he picks they won't do anything. Like you said, very disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply
USDMaga 8 points 5 days ago He IS the system disruptor.  He ended 8 wars, stopped illegal immigration, is deporting in large scale, using tariffs to help country, etc... He is getting NO HLEP from ANYONE is the problem.  Trump can't do 100% of what needs to be done and litreally no one else is helping, except Rubio.  You can't say he picked wrong people, because it doesn't matter who he picks they won't do anything. Like you said, very disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply
Purple_Drank 7 points 5 days ago Senator Kennedy has entered the chat with something hilarious to say… permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 1 points 5 days ago I’ll admit, he’s good permalink parent award report block reply
BoatingAccident 1 points 5 days ago I’ll admit, he’s good permalink parent award report block reply
jatergator 5 points 5 days ago First time? permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 5 days ago Not the first. And sadly, probably not the last, either. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 5 days ago Not the first. And sadly, probably not the last, either. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 5 days ago Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 5 days ago I only put the word "can't" in there because apparently, if you point out that the Trump admin won't do something pro-MAGA, you are anti-Trump and anti-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 5 days ago I only put the word "can't" in there because apparently, if you point out that the Trump admin won't do something pro-MAGA, you are anti-Trump and anti-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
Polander 1 points 5 days ago I think Trump really overplayed his hand talking about how if the government shut down he'd start doing deep, deep cuts to the government that couldn't be easily undone. Schumer called him on his bluff and is laughing right now. permalink parent award report block reply
Bigperm 17 points 5 days ago I clipped this from the next door app that someone posted... Something very fishy going on at the election station. I casted my REPUBLICAN votes, and each one defaulted to DEMOCRAT! It happened THREE TIMES! My 4th attempt correctly showed my REPUBLICAN votes, but then the machine froze and would not let me print the ballot! Poll workers gathered around the machine, and then phoned someone for help. The workers were told to reboot the machine, which they did, and it happened AGAIN! I had requested that this machine be noted as "out of order", but it was not done! Therefore, i called the police as i felt this was wrong. Officer arrived and a report was filed. Also, while this was happening, another candidate on the ballot happened to walk in and i informed him of what had transpired. He made several calls and a commissioner of the Board of Elections arrived. After giving my information, I was asked to leave, as they were going to do an investigation. I've spoken to a couple news teams. permalink award report block reply OrangeElvis 2 points 5 days ago Well done!  Not sure what more you could have done. permalink parent award report block reply
OrangeElvis 2 points 5 days ago Well done!  Not sure what more you could have done. permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 12 points 5 days ago Bondi? Kash? permalink award report block reply ebuy123 8 points 5 days ago anyone? permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago I hate to put it to you pal, but Bondi is too busy putting on her makeup and scheduling her next plastic! permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 4 points 5 days ago Last I checked Kash had the FBI jet in South Korea (from Japan). No word yet on when he might show some interest in American problems. permalink parent award report block reply
ebuy123 8 points 5 days ago anyone? permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago I hate to put it to you pal, but Bondi is too busy putting on her makeup and scheduling her next plastic! permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 8 points 5 days ago I hate to put it to you pal, but Bondi is too busy putting on her makeup and scheduling her next plastic! permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 4 points 5 days ago Last I checked Kash had the FBI jet in South Korea (from Japan). No word yet on when he might show some interest in American problems. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 9 points 5 days ago When you look at Jack’s voter count, he actually did well compared to prior years. It’s the Dem side that seems suspect, where they magically found 4-500k more voters than they would in a normal gubernatorial race. permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 9 points 5 days ago No Krakens will be released. 18 months later, definitive proof will be brought to light that the election results were curated. NOTHING WILL HAPPEN. Rinse.  Repeat. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 5 days ago Proof will only come out if the Democrats take over the House and Senate following the midterms, just to rub it in our faces. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 5 days ago Proof will only come out if the Democrats take over the House and Senate following the midterms, just to rub it in our faces. permalink parent award report block reply
SomeGuyOnTheInternet 7 points 5 days ago You mean like multiple bomb threats being called into polling locations in Republican districts?? permalink award report block reply
Fromseatoshinningsea 6 points 5 days ago 500,000 additional ballots, 90% communist. Statically impossible. This one was winnable. permalink award report block reply
BwithanAttitude 5 points 5 days ago Yeah it's called cheating permalink award report block reply
gaijin_ronin 5 points 5 days ago In today's edition of: When Water is Wet. permalink award report block reply
BillGateCanSuckIt 5 points 5 days ago When you don't charge for voter fraud, you get voter fraud permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, but but but Trump blogs about how he CAUGHT them cheating permalink parent award report block reply
JDVance4President28 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, but but but Trump blogs about how he CAUGHT them cheating permalink parent award report block reply
harryparatestes 5 points 5 days ago Why wouldn't they cheat?  They get caught and nothing happens. permalink award report block reply
MythArcana 5 points 5 days ago If New Jersey is fishy, then California is rotten. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 4 points 5 days ago Day ends in y. permalink award report block reply
SmokyJoe678 4 points 5 days ago Until Trump gets rid of Bondi nothing is going to change. No one of any consequence has been perp walked, and until that happens the dems are going to keep doing what they've always done.
It boggles the mind that this is the fourth do nothing AG that Trump has picked. They tried to kill him twice, what is it going to take to get him to stop playing nice. permalink award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 1 points 5 days ago He doesn’t seem to care about those assassination attempts either, which means they were staged, or he knows who was really behind them and they have him by the balls. Neither option is good. permalink parent award report block reply
Sgt_Hulka 1 points 5 days ago He doesn’t seem to care about those assassination attempts either, which means they were staged, or he knows who was really behind them and they have him by the balls. Neither option is good. permalink parent award report block reply
n3IVI0 3 points 5 days ago If there is, nothing will ever be done about it. permalink award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 3 points 5 days ago Fake bomb threats used to close polling locations and intimidated voters permalink award report block reply
Thomm 3 points 5 days ago This is what happens when you never go on offense. When you send sternly worded letters and mean tweets instead of actually securing elections. permalink award report block reply
DeeeDay 2 points 5 days ago EVERY election involving a Democrat turns out to be fishy. permalink award report block reply
dtrap 2 points 5 days ago Which begs the question, "Is there is anyone in government that will actually do anything about it?" permalink award report block reply
Geocav 2 points 5 days ago ...Always, NJ is corrupt as the day is long. permalink award report block reply
JDVance4President28 1 points 5 days ago Maybe. But will ANYTHING be done about it? Unlikely. permalink award report block reply
brutustyberius 1 points 5 days ago No…she’s just Ex-CIA. Nothing to see here. permalink award report block reply
Elric44357 1 points 5 days ago Duh permalink award report block reply
Alldayeveryday 1 points 5 days ago Im in Jersey. There was def some funny business but some people also couldn't get off their lazy asses and vote. permalink award report block reply
Sunnybats2 1 points 5 days ago Probably permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago You wouldn't understand, it's a Jersey thing permalink award report block reply
JetJocky 1 points 5 days ago Trump wants to end the filibuster to enact voting reform by eliminating mail-in ballots, having same day voting, voter ID and citizen only voting. The cowardly GOP in the House and Senate have done nothing about this all year. permalink award report block reply
AwareandNonCompliant 1 points 5 days ago We are still guessing at what is happening here ?  All this time and no one has tried to infiltrate these NGOs and figured out how this is happening?  We’ve known for at least 5 years now that when we go out to voter’s  residences and ask if they actually voted enough say no to swing elections. How many of these new registrations requested their ballot be sent to another address ?  Every resource we have should be dedicated at solving this problem first. Maybe we can advertise a class action suit for residents who had their vote stolen.  Promise of a big payoff might get them to check their voting history and report if someone voted for them. permalink award report block reply
Tacoboutit 1 points 4 days ago When hasn't there been something fishy? permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 1 points 5 days ago Of course there is permalink award report block reply
MyBallsAreRough 1 points 5 days ago lol. fuck these people. what is it going to take to cross the rubicon permalink award report block reply
NewJigger504 1 points 5 days ago is there's??? permalink award report block reply
MatterThatMetals 1 points 5 days ago Anywhere the Dems won there is fuckery afoot. permalink award report block reply
texas4ever 1 points 5 days ago Not really, conservatives as usual sit out everything except Presidential elections....and even then many can't be bothered to vote all the way down the ticket. We could easily solve everything just by showing up and voting, but people want to talk about muh guns etc. permalink award report block reply
A_Colostomy_Bag 1 points 5 days ago The polsters were probably trying to lull Republicans into complacency.  Remember, they conspired with the Democrats in 2020 to make Dems seem like they were popular enough to make the stolen outcome seem plausible. permalink award report block reply
ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 5 days ago Frankly, I don't give a single solitary fuck about this. We have complained to NJGOP and the RNC about this issue. We have shown proof of cheating, we documented the Dem's strategies for cheating....we did all the legwork all they had to do was file the case. They ignored us, told us we need more proof and they moved on and Democrats continue unabated. As long as Trenton belongs to Democrats you will never solve this problem. permalink award report block reply
Tophat9000 1 points 5 days ago Yeah we have to consider Democrats
(or really the big interest big money)
may have invented a new way to cheat This is a war and you have to always remember your enemy is always going to try and come up with new weapons And people that are saying well worst lawyers look if you read the article it's not saying anything they put their finger on yet It's just something very odd going on... A new weapon? permalink award report block reply
thisisatestof2 1 points 5 days ago It’s not 100% proof of fraud, but it does make you  think and want to ask questions. Could it be legitimate yes on the other hand it seems a bit suspicious. permalink award report block reply
y_do_i_need_to_hide 1 points 5 days ago Without looking, I can say YES. permalink award report block reply
Bboop 1 points 5 days ago Weren’t there fires in polling places? Or was it bombs? permalink award report block reply MR__K 2 points 5 days ago There was a bomb threat , people where told to leave several locations due to machines being down. As well a high red area receiving a bomb threats. permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 2 points 5 days ago There was a bomb threat , people where told to leave several locations due to machines being down. As well a high red area receiving a bomb threats. permalink parent award report block reply
ShinAkuma 1 points 5 days ago They probably let illegals vote. So yes fishy, but not much can be done about it. People forget how lax the voting laws are in many states. We also had record low turnout. If we are to win any elections, they need to be like 2024 - Too big to rig. So letting illegals vote and like 600000 less GOP votes from 2024 and we get this massive margin of victory for the Dems. Unless Trump is on the ticket there is almost no campaign, no info, no promotion from the RNC. This MUST CHANGE for midterms. permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 1 points 5 days ago NYC, Jersey doing what shitholes do. Hard to see why these forsaken lands don't deserve nuking. permalink award report block reply
Creepy_Joe 0 points 5 days ago Where's the Trump administration when it comes to election fraud? All we got so far was an orange buffoon who bitches all day on social media. permalink award report block reply
Executarian2 0 points 5 days ago No, Trump has just been fucking up badly with his messaging and we got screwed as a result. If we chalk up every result to voter fraud (which we should be fighting anyways), then we're doomed to repeat all of our mistakes. Even if there IS voter fraud, policy-wise, we have to act like there isn't and that we're always ten points behind. Resting on our laurels is the wrong way about this. permalink award report block reply
NickAtNight -5 points 5 days ago People voting is fishy ? permalink award report block reply
USNVET71 -7 points 5 days ago The democrats rigged an election. Are you serious?😲😲😲 permalink award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply