94 Who is Trump surrounding himself with? He sounds dumb here defending h1bs. posted 15 hours ago by AppalachianTactical 17 comments award share report block Leading Report @LeadingReport • 22h BREAKING: Laura Ingraham presses President Trump on H-1B visas: Trump: You have to bring in talent. Ingraham: We have plenty of talented people here. Trump: No you don’t.
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save AppalachianTactical OP 11 points 15 hours ago And if you are wondering why he has this retarded take defending importing a bunch of indians claiming we dont already have the tech talent here in America (which is moronic, gen alpha are programming games with their friends and terminally online by the time they can read) Indians are DIE HARD pro Israel and pro Zionism. If there is one group above all else that has a huge number they can flood your country with that also will love Israel and worship jewish people like gods, it is India. permalink award report block reply AlaskaBrO93 9 points 15 hours ago He already told you that he doesn't want your support, what more is there to say. permalink award report block reply raptoris2 9 points 15 hours ago The epstein file saga was a warning. permalink parent award report block reply vote_for_MAGA_2020 5 points 14 hours ago I'll never get over that. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago Well I cant exactly just come here and say hes a retard whi is going to fkood us with even more foreigners while he ends the filibuster just in time for dems to win midterms and take away the firsr and second. So in order to wake a few people up here I have to say ut slowly. permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 -1 points 15 hours ago When did he say that? permalink parent award report block reply AlaskaBrO93 6 points 15 hours ago Look it up I'm not your dad boy Back when we expected him to release the damn Epstein Files. permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 1 points 6 hours ago The average voter doesn’t care about Epstein at this point. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 8 points 14 hours ago Must be time to lose the midterms again. permalink award report block reply raptoris2 2 points 13 hours ago They are already lost, notwithstanding the failure of the administration to deliver on its promises. permalink parent award report block reply Thomm 6 points 13 hours ago He’s throwing in the towel. Since there were no safeguards put in place for elections, he knows the dems are going to “win” back congressional control in the mid terms and he is actually going to go to jail this time for no reason. He’s trying to throw them bones now in an effort to lessen the penalty but it won’t do anything except piss off his base. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago So maybe he shoukd stop trying ti end the fulibuster before handing the govt over to dems so they cant steal our right to self defense and end free speech. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago That would ve really dumb, at his age jail shouldnt be a threat. He could cross thw rubicon. He isnt throwing in the towel he us benefitting israel. permalink parent award report block reply MADASHELLNEWS 3 points 12 hours ago Sounds like Trump has been listening to Jared Kushner again permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 2 points 4 hours ago I dont know if this place is like reddit now and thr bots will get me banned for saying it, but Trump sold us out for Israel. It wasnt totally obvious until this year, but the 180 in filubuster is the big sign. You just cant flip flop on a principle like that. Him removing the filibuster in a govt that is 99% of thr govt us the samw aipac controlled peopke from Obama admin and when thr dems can pack the midterms with mamdani types, Trump is setting us up to lose firsr and second amendment. I guess it was always a con, i dont know why hed change. He could have gone down as alexander the great, or Ceaser level name by saving the west but these rich fucks all get the whisper from jews tgst convince them "we are actually the true west and europeans" and sold some guise that playing this role is how the win but nothing white or european about theur tactics and willingness to see kin suffer. We need someone not susceptuble to bullshit. I wont whisper a word of supporr for someone that isnt clear on the israel issue from day one. They are all snakes. permalink parent award report block reply lixa -1 points 15 hours ago I heard of a couple of strange things he said in this interview. I wonder if it's cut. Or AI. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 0 points 4 hours ago No, he is selling us out. He wants historic legacy and instead of having a hard won one he is trusting Israel to give him one on easy mode at the expense of our rights. You shouod have realized he turned when did a 180 on thr filibuster. If he ends thr filibuster, just in time for dems and israel to install mamdani types across the country then you can kis the first and second goodbye. Trump 2016 seemed based.  He gave us a bunch of maga ordinary people reps kuie MTG and Massie. Now he seems ti have turned and we are only getting rich elite zionists left and right.
After his first won he only endorsed rich and famous candidates. No round of maga has ever been like the first from Dr Oz to Cuomo. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical OP 11 points 15 hours ago And if you are wondering why he has this retarded take defending importing a bunch of indians claiming we dont already have the tech talent here in America (which is moronic, gen alpha are programming games with their friends and terminally online by the time they can read) Indians are DIE HARD pro Israel and pro Zionism. If there is one group above all else that has a huge number they can flood your country with that also will love Israel and worship jewish people like gods, it is India. permalink award report block reply
AlaskaBrO93 9 points 15 hours ago He already told you that he doesn't want your support, what more is there to say. permalink award report block reply raptoris2 9 points 15 hours ago The epstein file saga was a warning. permalink parent award report block reply vote_for_MAGA_2020 5 points 14 hours ago I'll never get over that. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago Well I cant exactly just come here and say hes a retard whi is going to fkood us with even more foreigners while he ends the filibuster just in time for dems to win midterms and take away the firsr and second. So in order to wake a few people up here I have to say ut slowly. permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 -1 points 15 hours ago When did he say that? permalink parent award report block reply AlaskaBrO93 6 points 15 hours ago Look it up I'm not your dad boy Back when we expected him to release the damn Epstein Files. permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 1 points 6 hours ago The average voter doesn’t care about Epstein at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
raptoris2 9 points 15 hours ago The epstein file saga was a warning. permalink parent award report block reply vote_for_MAGA_2020 5 points 14 hours ago I'll never get over that. permalink parent award report block reply
vote_for_MAGA_2020 5 points 14 hours ago I'll never get over that. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago Well I cant exactly just come here and say hes a retard whi is going to fkood us with even more foreigners while he ends the filibuster just in time for dems to win midterms and take away the firsr and second. So in order to wake a few people up here I have to say ut slowly. permalink parent award report block reply
jcd_007 -1 points 15 hours ago When did he say that? permalink parent award report block reply AlaskaBrO93 6 points 15 hours ago Look it up I'm not your dad boy Back when we expected him to release the damn Epstein Files. permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 1 points 6 hours ago The average voter doesn’t care about Epstein at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
AlaskaBrO93 6 points 15 hours ago Look it up I'm not your dad boy Back when we expected him to release the damn Epstein Files. permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 1 points 6 hours ago The average voter doesn’t care about Epstein at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
jcd_007 1 points 6 hours ago The average voter doesn’t care about Epstein at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
justinkayz 8 points 14 hours ago Must be time to lose the midterms again. permalink award report block reply raptoris2 2 points 13 hours ago They are already lost, notwithstanding the failure of the administration to deliver on its promises. permalink parent award report block reply
raptoris2 2 points 13 hours ago They are already lost, notwithstanding the failure of the administration to deliver on its promises. permalink parent award report block reply
Thomm 6 points 13 hours ago He’s throwing in the towel. Since there were no safeguards put in place for elections, he knows the dems are going to “win” back congressional control in the mid terms and he is actually going to go to jail this time for no reason. He’s trying to throw them bones now in an effort to lessen the penalty but it won’t do anything except piss off his base. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago So maybe he shoukd stop trying ti end the fulibuster before handing the govt over to dems so they cant steal our right to self defense and end free speech. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago That would ve really dumb, at his age jail shouldnt be a threat. He could cross thw rubicon. He isnt throwing in the towel he us benefitting israel. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago So maybe he shoukd stop trying ti end the fulibuster before handing the govt over to dems so they cant steal our right to self defense and end free speech. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical OP 1 points 4 hours ago That would ve really dumb, at his age jail shouldnt be a threat. He could cross thw rubicon. He isnt throwing in the towel he us benefitting israel. permalink parent award report block reply
MADASHELLNEWS 3 points 12 hours ago Sounds like Trump has been listening to Jared Kushner again permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 2 points 4 hours ago I dont know if this place is like reddit now and thr bots will get me banned for saying it, but Trump sold us out for Israel. It wasnt totally obvious until this year, but the 180 in filubuster is the big sign. You just cant flip flop on a principle like that. Him removing the filibuster in a govt that is 99% of thr govt us the samw aipac controlled peopke from Obama admin and when thr dems can pack the midterms with mamdani types, Trump is setting us up to lose firsr and second amendment. I guess it was always a con, i dont know why hed change. He could have gone down as alexander the great, or Ceaser level name by saving the west but these rich fucks all get the whisper from jews tgst convince them "we are actually the true west and europeans" and sold some guise that playing this role is how the win but nothing white or european about theur tactics and willingness to see kin suffer. We need someone not susceptuble to bullshit. I wont whisper a word of supporr for someone that isnt clear on the israel issue from day one. They are all snakes. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical OP 2 points 4 hours ago I dont know if this place is like reddit now and thr bots will get me banned for saying it, but Trump sold us out for Israel. It wasnt totally obvious until this year, but the 180 in filubuster is the big sign. You just cant flip flop on a principle like that. Him removing the filibuster in a govt that is 99% of thr govt us the samw aipac controlled peopke from Obama admin and when thr dems can pack the midterms with mamdani types, Trump is setting us up to lose firsr and second amendment. I guess it was always a con, i dont know why hed change. He could have gone down as alexander the great, or Ceaser level name by saving the west but these rich fucks all get the whisper from jews tgst convince them "we are actually the true west and europeans" and sold some guise that playing this role is how the win but nothing white or european about theur tactics and willingness to see kin suffer. We need someone not susceptuble to bullshit. I wont whisper a word of supporr for someone that isnt clear on the israel issue from day one. They are all snakes. permalink parent award report block reply
lixa -1 points 15 hours ago I heard of a couple of strange things he said in this interview. I wonder if it's cut. Or AI. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical OP 0 points 4 hours ago No, he is selling us out. He wants historic legacy and instead of having a hard won one he is trusting Israel to give him one on easy mode at the expense of our rights. You shouod have realized he turned when did a 180 on thr filibuster. If he ends thr filibuster, just in time for dems and israel to install mamdani types across the country then you can kis the first and second goodbye. Trump 2016 seemed based.  He gave us a bunch of maga ordinary people reps kuie MTG and Massie. Now he seems ti have turned and we are only getting rich elite zionists left and right.
After his first won he only endorsed rich and famous candidates. No round of maga has ever been like the first from Dr Oz to Cuomo. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical OP 0 points 4 hours ago No, he is selling us out. He wants historic legacy and instead of having a hard won one he is trusting Israel to give him one on easy mode at the expense of our rights. You shouod have realized he turned when did a 180 on thr filibuster. If he ends thr filibuster, just in time for dems and israel to install mamdani types across the country then you can kis the first and second goodbye. Trump 2016 seemed based.  He gave us a bunch of maga ordinary people reps kuie MTG and Massie. Now he seems ti have turned and we are only getting rich elite zionists left and right.
After his first won he only endorsed rich and famous candidates. No round of maga has ever been like the first from Dr Oz to Cuomo. permalink parent award report block reply