416 Modern problems require modern solutions, not more debt. posted 3 days ago by Crucible 16 comments award share download report block
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Archdukeofevil 18 points 3 days ago Both H1B and Illegals need to go. permalink award report block reply AngryPoop 9 points 3 days ago Too bad I only get one upvote permalink parent award report block reply GdotLee 10 points 3 days ago I don't want a $2000 check. I want income tax abolished! permalink award report block reply BurtMcGirt 7 points 3 days ago All illegals, all H visa holders, all foreigners whose household get any government handout for them or anchor babies, all communists. permalink award report block reply Floppybutthole 1 points 3 days ago I like how this number keeps going up permalink parent award report block reply Grilledpepe 5 points 3 days ago Who was out there saying we had to choose one or the other.  Hot take merchants on X are getting more and more retarded by the day. permalink award report block reply Simple_Doot 4 points 3 days ago It used to be 20 million-ish in 2016.  People will be saying ONE BILLION by 2028. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 2 points 3 days ago This thread explains all of the stupid faggotry on here and on Xitter. https://nitter.poast.org/DataRepublican/status/1987550101703909532 TL;DR globohomo big mad the mass goyim culling in Pookraine they were planning never happened and they are chimping out trying to turn people against Trump's anti-globohomo reforms. permalink parent award report block reply Grilledpepe 5 points 3 days ago Yeah there is a huge effort to turn the base against trump and back towards establishment Republican types. It's so obvious and gay permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 days ago It is so significant. it would change our entire economy.  Put the army to work permalink award report block reply JwPATX 3 points 3 days ago There are some games being played in the insurance industry/fixing that would also reduce monthly payments and make mortgages more affordable. permalink award report block reply Crucible OP 3 points 3 days ago They used to quote on total loss of the structure. Now they quote on the market value of the property, then inflate it. This began when they started using predictive algorithm, the way BlackRock predicts stock futures.  They'll fly drones over your house and tell you they don't like your roof because a bird shit on it just so they can drop you. They do the same with automobiles. If you have a garage and they see you've been parking in the driveway from their eye in the sky, they will drop you. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 2 points 3 days ago 100 million Make up your fucking minds, so is "white America" actually brown? permalink award report block reply RizzlieDoodad 2 points 3 days ago Enslave yourself to the jew for 50 years instead of 30. What a bargain permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 0 points 3 days ago 100M is ridiculous.   Don't be innumerate permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 3 days ago Stop posting this psyop. They are not related fucking things. permalink award report block reply
Archdukeofevil 18 points 3 days ago Both H1B and Illegals need to go. permalink award report block reply AngryPoop 9 points 3 days ago Too bad I only get one upvote permalink parent award report block reply
AngryPoop 9 points 3 days ago Too bad I only get one upvote permalink parent award report block reply
GdotLee 10 points 3 days ago I don't want a $2000 check. I want income tax abolished! permalink award report block reply
BurtMcGirt 7 points 3 days ago All illegals, all H visa holders, all foreigners whose household get any government handout for them or anchor babies, all communists. permalink award report block reply Floppybutthole 1 points 3 days ago I like how this number keeps going up permalink parent award report block reply
Floppybutthole 1 points 3 days ago I like how this number keeps going up permalink parent award report block reply
Grilledpepe 5 points 3 days ago Who was out there saying we had to choose one or the other.  Hot take merchants on X are getting more and more retarded by the day. permalink award report block reply Simple_Doot 4 points 3 days ago It used to be 20 million-ish in 2016.  People will be saying ONE BILLION by 2028. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 2 points 3 days ago This thread explains all of the stupid faggotry on here and on Xitter. https://nitter.poast.org/DataRepublican/status/1987550101703909532 TL;DR globohomo big mad the mass goyim culling in Pookraine they were planning never happened and they are chimping out trying to turn people against Trump's anti-globohomo reforms. permalink parent award report block reply Grilledpepe 5 points 3 days ago Yeah there is a huge effort to turn the base against trump and back towards establishment Republican types. It's so obvious and gay permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 4 points 3 days ago It used to be 20 million-ish in 2016.  People will be saying ONE BILLION by 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 2 points 3 days ago This thread explains all of the stupid faggotry on here and on Xitter. https://nitter.poast.org/DataRepublican/status/1987550101703909532 TL;DR globohomo big mad the mass goyim culling in Pookraine they were planning never happened and they are chimping out trying to turn people against Trump's anti-globohomo reforms. permalink parent award report block reply Grilledpepe 5 points 3 days ago Yeah there is a huge effort to turn the base against trump and back towards establishment Republican types. It's so obvious and gay permalink parent award report block reply
Grilledpepe 5 points 3 days ago Yeah there is a huge effort to turn the base against trump and back towards establishment Republican types. It's so obvious and gay permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 days ago It is so significant. it would change our entire economy.  Put the army to work permalink award report block reply
JwPATX 3 points 3 days ago There are some games being played in the insurance industry/fixing that would also reduce monthly payments and make mortgages more affordable. permalink award report block reply Crucible OP 3 points 3 days ago They used to quote on total loss of the structure. Now they quote on the market value of the property, then inflate it. This began when they started using predictive algorithm, the way BlackRock predicts stock futures.  They'll fly drones over your house and tell you they don't like your roof because a bird shit on it just so they can drop you. They do the same with automobiles. If you have a garage and they see you've been parking in the driveway from their eye in the sky, they will drop you. permalink parent award report block reply
Crucible OP 3 points 3 days ago They used to quote on total loss of the structure. Now they quote on the market value of the property, then inflate it. This began when they started using predictive algorithm, the way BlackRock predicts stock futures.  They'll fly drones over your house and tell you they don't like your roof because a bird shit on it just so they can drop you. They do the same with automobiles. If you have a garage and they see you've been parking in the driveway from their eye in the sky, they will drop you. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 2 points 3 days ago 100 million Make up your fucking minds, so is "white America" actually brown? permalink award report block reply
RizzlieDoodad 2 points 3 days ago Enslave yourself to the jew for 50 years instead of 30. What a bargain permalink award report block reply
The_Emperor 0 points 3 days ago 100M is ridiculous.   Don't be innumerate permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 3 days ago Stop posting this psyop. They are not related fucking things. permalink award report block reply