506 Happy Veteran's Day! posted 1 day ago by CatboxfullofBidens 18 comments award share download report block
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget JoeBidensDementia1 16 points 1 day ago Anything worth shooting once, is worth shooting twice. Ammo is cheap, people are expensive. permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 8 points 1 day ago Correction: Training is expensive. permalink parent award report block reply TerryBibble 11 points 1 day ago Nice permalink award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 10 points 1 day ago Traces work both ways.  Never thaught about that. permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 7 points 1 day ago Good ole military humor. I love it. permalink award report block reply ebeezy705 7 points 1 day ago Switching to your sidearm is faster than reloading your primary...
...until your sidearm runs dry, at which point switching to your backup knife is faster than reloading your sidearm...
...until your knife is dull, at which point switching to your fists is faster than sharpening your knife...
...until your fists miss, at which point a round house kick to the face is faster than everything else. permalink award report block reply CatboxfullofBidens OP 6 points 1 day ago This has been hanging in my dad's office since before I was born. He's a Vietnam Vet, and one of the 2 smartest men I know. permalink award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 6 points 1 day ago #21 is definitely the case. Stateside the process became the mission but down range when it was time to put warheads on foreheads all that crap had to be unlearned. Deployment ends, you rotate home and within a month are involved in an exercise/war game and you must adhere to the process again. So stupid. permalink award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 3 points 1 day ago Remember: The enemy of my enemy is my enemy’s enemy. No more, no less. Corollary: Never trust the enemies of your enemy, especially when they are your enemy. permalink award report block reply TEXinLA 2 points 1 day ago KEK permalink award report block reply PopTartGun 2 points 1 day ago Rule #6 = M17/18 = Singh Saar P320 permalink award report block reply jsmurphy62 2 points 1 day ago Fuckin-A. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 16 hours ago Oldie but goodie. permalink award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 1 day ago The Big Green Weenie gets us all. permalink award report block reply Webspawner3 2 points 1 day ago What does #11 mean? permalink award report block reply duznmatter 3 points 23 hours ago Your out past the wire and call for arty on the enemy. It falls short and lands on you. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 16 points 1 day ago Anything worth shooting once, is worth shooting twice. Ammo is cheap, people are expensive. permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 8 points 1 day ago Correction: Training is expensive. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 8 points 1 day ago Correction: Training is expensive. permalink parent award report block reply
TerryBibble 11 points 1 day ago Nice permalink award report block reply
1776Widowmaker 10 points 1 day ago Traces work both ways.  Never thaught about that. permalink award report block reply
MAGABOND 7 points 1 day ago Good ole military humor. I love it. permalink award report block reply
ebeezy705 7 points 1 day ago Switching to your sidearm is faster than reloading your primary...
...until your sidearm runs dry, at which point switching to your backup knife is faster than reloading your sidearm...
...until your knife is dull, at which point switching to your fists is faster than sharpening your knife...
...until your fists miss, at which point a round house kick to the face is faster than everything else. permalink award report block reply
CatboxfullofBidens OP 6 points 1 day ago This has been hanging in my dad's office since before I was born. He's a Vietnam Vet, and one of the 2 smartest men I know. permalink award report block reply
BidensPrisonWallet 6 points 1 day ago #21 is definitely the case. Stateside the process became the mission but down range when it was time to put warheads on foreheads all that crap had to be unlearned. Deployment ends, you rotate home and within a month are involved in an exercise/war game and you must adhere to the process again. So stupid. permalink award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 3 points 1 day ago Remember: The enemy of my enemy is my enemy’s enemy. No more, no less. Corollary: Never trust the enemies of your enemy, especially when they are your enemy. permalink award report block reply
TEXinLA 2 points 1 day ago KEK permalink award report block reply
PopTartGun 2 points 1 day ago Rule #6 = M17/18 = Singh Saar P320 permalink award report block reply
jsmurphy62 2 points 1 day ago Fuckin-A. permalink award report block reply
The_Emperor 2 points 16 hours ago Oldie but goodie. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 2 points 1 day ago The Big Green Weenie gets us all. permalink award report block reply
Webspawner3 2 points 1 day ago What does #11 mean? permalink award report block reply duznmatter 3 points 23 hours ago Your out past the wire and call for arty on the enemy. It falls short and lands on you. permalink parent award report block reply
duznmatter 3 points 23 hours ago Your out past the wire and call for arty on the enemy. It falls short and lands on you. permalink parent award report block reply