288 Who's moving to NYC posted 7 days ago by MEME-SUPREME 23 comments award share report block Patrick Bet-David @patrickbetdavid • 7d Who’s moving to NYC? 🗽
23 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style MinnieWhittaker 16 points 7 days ago He's right about this. Muslims and socialists will flock there. Normal people will leave. permalink award report block reply HanginChad 9 points 7 days ago He touched on Muslims briefly but I think that point should be highlighted. More than any of the other groups Muslims will move there. It will soon be like London or worse. permalink parent award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 6 points 7 days ago Yes they will. It will be symbolic for them. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 3 points 7 days ago NYC hasn’t been gutted by any major catastrophes like city-wide fire, hurricane, tornado, etc, and a LOT of unlivable tenements have got to be crumbling into dust and mildew by now. I see a fantastic opportunity which I have no intention of talking about here 😆 permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 7 days ago .... yet permalink parent award report block reply hillaryforprison 2 points 7 days ago Another reason it will be muslim ruled and sharia law from this point on. They cheated in the election but I think DAs are mostly democrat and the few conservatives probably won't risk their reputation to fight it, so their crimes go unpunished yet again. But fair elections are over there. They will take over governor next and keep taking over until the entire country is captured. Leaders are too afraid to say anything about it or to stop it. permalink parent award report block reply SDsc0rch 1 points 7 days ago HAHAHAHAA ---- see what he's doing? yep.. i do! permalink parent award report block reply McShoty96 9 points 7 days ago NYC only has $100 billion in debt. Mamdani could double that in 4 years and fund most of what he wants. Hochul supported him so she will have to let him borrow above what is usually allowed under state law. permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 4 points 7 days ago They should not get a cent of federal funding. Trump should have sold his buildings before this- or maybe he has some cards to play. Mamdani is illegally here, but they still haven't done anything about the treason the 2020 scandal the ukraine scandal, the NGO scandal, etc. permalink parent award report block reply desertflower 8 points 7 days ago I worry about the museums full of items from western civilization. Could they be burned down like the Library of Alexandria? permalink award report block reply FBIAREFAGGOTS 5 points 7 days ago Immigrants. Legal or not, it's Immigrants. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard 4 points 7 days ago This guy makes some great points permalink award report block reply Maxmax 4 points 7 days ago This is just so damn sad.  I saw what New York was in the 1970’s - a real shithole.  Mayor Giuliani was fantastic, cleaned up the city, brought in businesses, it was exciting.  The City will become 10 times worse than the 1970’s.  Especially ladies, be prepared. permalink award report block reply OpusX 2 points 7 days ago NYC is about to become the next Minneapolis. permalink award report block reply rektspec 2 points 7 days ago This is the precursor to the film Escape from New York! They saw the future. permalink award report block reply UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 7 days ago I remember back in the ‘70s when New York City was broke and the Son of Sam was terrorising the place…. now it’s the Son of Satan. permalink award report block reply benjovikenobi 1 points 7 days ago He's saying it's a beachhead. These people will move to NYC but they won't stay there. permalink award report block reply TexasBrowncoat 1 points 7 days ago New York will be so popular that they should build a wall around it... permalink award report block reply Tacoboutit 1 points 6 days ago Let them remove each other from society. I'm gonna make popcorn. permalink award report block reply Panda321 -3 points 7 days ago Yeah don’t trust this guy or  Grant They seem shady with seminars Not sure why trump got involved with them permalink award report block reply StrongIsland -3 points 7 days ago PDB loves Bibi so much he wants comics to host a roast for him. Look it up, guy is as retarded as Cenk! permalink award report block reply MinnieWhittaker 5 points 7 days ago Try engaging with his actual statement here, instead of being an overly-emotional child. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland -1 points 7 days ago I can’t listen to anything this faggot foreign fake power player has to say, I’ve heard enough already! permalink parent award report block reply
MinnieWhittaker 16 points 7 days ago He's right about this. Muslims and socialists will flock there. Normal people will leave. permalink award report block reply HanginChad 9 points 7 days ago He touched on Muslims briefly but I think that point should be highlighted. More than any of the other groups Muslims will move there. It will soon be like London or worse. permalink parent award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 6 points 7 days ago Yes they will. It will be symbolic for them. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 3 points 7 days ago NYC hasn’t been gutted by any major catastrophes like city-wide fire, hurricane, tornado, etc, and a LOT of unlivable tenements have got to be crumbling into dust and mildew by now. I see a fantastic opportunity which I have no intention of talking about here 😆 permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 7 days ago .... yet permalink parent award report block reply hillaryforprison 2 points 7 days ago Another reason it will be muslim ruled and sharia law from this point on. They cheated in the election but I think DAs are mostly democrat and the few conservatives probably won't risk their reputation to fight it, so their crimes go unpunished yet again. But fair elections are over there. They will take over governor next and keep taking over until the entire country is captured. Leaders are too afraid to say anything about it or to stop it. permalink parent award report block reply SDsc0rch 1 points 7 days ago HAHAHAHAA ---- see what he's doing? yep.. i do! permalink parent award report block reply
HanginChad 9 points 7 days ago He touched on Muslims briefly but I think that point should be highlighted. More than any of the other groups Muslims will move there. It will soon be like London or worse. permalink parent award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 6 points 7 days ago Yes they will. It will be symbolic for them. permalink parent award report block reply
SisterCovfefeToo 6 points 7 days ago Yes they will. It will be symbolic for them. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 3 points 7 days ago NYC hasn’t been gutted by any major catastrophes like city-wide fire, hurricane, tornado, etc, and a LOT of unlivable tenements have got to be crumbling into dust and mildew by now. I see a fantastic opportunity which I have no intention of talking about here 😆 permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 7 days ago .... yet permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 2 points 7 days ago .... yet permalink parent award report block reply
hillaryforprison 2 points 7 days ago Another reason it will be muslim ruled and sharia law from this point on. They cheated in the election but I think DAs are mostly democrat and the few conservatives probably won't risk their reputation to fight it, so their crimes go unpunished yet again. But fair elections are over there. They will take over governor next and keep taking over until the entire country is captured. Leaders are too afraid to say anything about it or to stop it. permalink parent award report block reply
SDsc0rch 1 points 7 days ago HAHAHAHAA ---- see what he's doing? yep.. i do! permalink parent award report block reply
McShoty96 9 points 7 days ago NYC only has $100 billion in debt. Mamdani could double that in 4 years and fund most of what he wants. Hochul supported him so she will have to let him borrow above what is usually allowed under state law. permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 4 points 7 days ago They should not get a cent of federal funding. Trump should have sold his buildings before this- or maybe he has some cards to play. Mamdani is illegally here, but they still haven't done anything about the treason the 2020 scandal the ukraine scandal, the NGO scandal, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
hillaryforprison 4 points 7 days ago They should not get a cent of federal funding. Trump should have sold his buildings before this- or maybe he has some cards to play. Mamdani is illegally here, but they still haven't done anything about the treason the 2020 scandal the ukraine scandal, the NGO scandal, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
desertflower 8 points 7 days ago I worry about the museums full of items from western civilization. Could they be burned down like the Library of Alexandria? permalink award report block reply
FBIAREFAGGOTS 5 points 7 days ago Immigrants. Legal or not, it's Immigrants. permalink award report block reply
SpaceWizard 4 points 7 days ago This guy makes some great points permalink award report block reply
Maxmax 4 points 7 days ago This is just so damn sad.  I saw what New York was in the 1970’s - a real shithole.  Mayor Giuliani was fantastic, cleaned up the city, brought in businesses, it was exciting.  The City will become 10 times worse than the 1970’s.  Especially ladies, be prepared. permalink award report block reply
OpusX 2 points 7 days ago NYC is about to become the next Minneapolis. permalink award report block reply
rektspec 2 points 7 days ago This is the precursor to the film Escape from New York! They saw the future. permalink award report block reply
UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 7 days ago I remember back in the ‘70s when New York City was broke and the Son of Sam was terrorising the place…. now it’s the Son of Satan. permalink award report block reply
benjovikenobi 1 points 7 days ago He's saying it's a beachhead. These people will move to NYC but they won't stay there. permalink award report block reply
TexasBrowncoat 1 points 7 days ago New York will be so popular that they should build a wall around it... permalink award report block reply
Tacoboutit 1 points 6 days ago Let them remove each other from society. I'm gonna make popcorn. permalink award report block reply
Panda321 -3 points 7 days ago Yeah don’t trust this guy or  Grant They seem shady with seminars Not sure why trump got involved with them permalink award report block reply
StrongIsland -3 points 7 days ago PDB loves Bibi so much he wants comics to host a roast for him. Look it up, guy is as retarded as Cenk! permalink award report block reply MinnieWhittaker 5 points 7 days ago Try engaging with his actual statement here, instead of being an overly-emotional child. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland -1 points 7 days ago I can’t listen to anything this faggot foreign fake power player has to say, I’ve heard enough already! permalink parent award report block reply
MinnieWhittaker 5 points 7 days ago Try engaging with his actual statement here, instead of being an overly-emotional child. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland -1 points 7 days ago I can’t listen to anything this faggot foreign fake power player has to say, I’ve heard enough already! permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland -1 points 7 days ago I can’t listen to anything this faggot foreign fake power player has to say, I’ve heard enough already! permalink parent award report block reply