1095 NANCY ON HER WAY OUT... posted 4 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 34 comments award share download report block
34 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Taqiyya_Mockingbird 30 points 4 days ago Reminds me of that time Trump canceled her flight. permalink award report block reply Lady_MaGa 16 points 4 days ago I about died laughing when that happened.  Touche.  She got bitchslapped into reality as to who is boss. permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 9 points 4 days ago I'm sure Pelosi about died a few times from free government booze aboard the free government plane too. My favorite part was how Trump couldn't decide if he wanted to end the free booze planes or keep them going and hope one of them finally croaked on those things. Somewhat unwisely, he chose to continue the booze planes because nobody's died of free taxpayer booze plane rides yet. I die a little inside too, knowing the citizens of this country can't agree to not give politicians free booze plane rides. I can put up with the infringement of all my constitutional rights, really, but free booze planes just crosses an ethical line for me; it feels wrong. Still, GG, well played Trump, that was a good PSA. Prior to that, I did not know that, we, in fact, pay for our senators and congressmen to get sloshed aboard airplanes on their way to foreign money laundering trips. I assumed they were merely getting handjobs from 14yo girls aboard private sector kompromat operations not tied to mossad or bush's CIA. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Came here to say the same thing. I was in my kitchen when I read that story and I laughed and laughed. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 3 days ago While Nancy became insanely wealthy the life style of the middle class got must worse.  11% of the middle class clipped into poverty from 1979 up to 2011 due to bills that Nancy pushed.  And many more are going to slip into poverty due ACA and the increase in medical bills. permalink parent award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 15 points 4 days ago Link to Ben Garrison and Tina Toons https://gab.com/GrrrGraphics/posts/115515801584468586 permalink award report block reply KekistanPM 13 points 4 days ago MSM after she dies: "Oh she was a once in a generation public servant! She gave up everything to put the people first! We should aspire to be like her and approach her levels of integrity!" permalink award report block reply MemeWarsVet 13 points 4 days ago Cunt. Vile cunt. Hell awaits! permalink award report block reply taytaytay 3 points 4 days ago Yep, can't take it with you bitch. Not much time left for you Nancy, prepare for the absolute. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Paul is gonna miss his hammers when he goes. permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 3 days ago STOP THE HAMMERING permalink parent award report block reply Modernturnkey 12 points 4 days ago I'd say she made the biggest sacrifice of all, her soul. permalink award report block reply CrankyCrab 10 points 4 days ago It's missing the bottles of booze, but otherwise accurate. permalink award report block reply DT170x 8 points 4 days ago The bottles of booze is inside her various suitcases and bags. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 2 points 4 days ago She just runs up thousands of dollars worth of booze in-flight, and bills it to the taxpayers. permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 7 points 4 days ago Didn't she say she wasn't gonna run in 2022 and 2024 too? permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 4 days ago Behold, the planet's greatest stock trader to have ever lived...
Unashamed demon...that goes for her gay husband too. permalink award report block reply AlaskaBrO93 5 points 4 days ago I hope I'm not the only one  noticing the single 0 dollar bills falling off the cart. The dollar is about to be fucking worthless. Hope you guys all have some assets or PMs permalink award report block reply OldZilla 5 points 4 days ago Sickening. permalink award report block reply Snek_Plissken 4 points 4 days ago Only 270 million? I call bullshit. That wasn't even the how much they made on the silicon insider trader. At the last hour they said, companies that support America can be funded. Completely negating the purpose of all the funding to put plants in America. Oddly enough they sold all of their holdings. Wild right? It was a congressional pump and dump scheme. permalink award report block reply Roof_Korean 4 points 4 days ago Going to be hard to enjoy that money in hell, Nancy. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 4 points 4 days ago She's either afraid of going to prison (kek), or she has cancer and hasn't told anyone yet. permalink award report block reply DiamondDroid 3 points 4 days ago Is she still alive? Well after a fashion. Worst she's still there. Slither back to hell you file demon spawn. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 3 points 4 days ago I hope that fellow that took a dump on her driveway has the chance to take a dump on her grave. permalink award report block reply mateus 3 points 4 days ago That cartoonist is nuts. It's been decades since Nancy Lugosi had a stride that long lol.  She's accompanied by at least two "Visiting 🎶🎵Angels" these days. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 3 points 4 days ago Needs more poop on the sidewalk. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 4 days ago congrats on the steal permalink award report block reply Liberats 2 points 4 days ago Now free government drink has ended for her, she'll get through her vodka funds in no time. permalink award report block reply splink 2 points 4 days ago After all that, you still can't take it with you. permalink award report block reply seattlerunner 2 points 4 days ago She should be going straight into a guillotine.. permalink award report block reply BTFOBrandon 1 points 3 days ago GOOD RIDDANCE permalink award report block reply TrumpMagaNoBama 1 points 3 days ago FNP! The Demon inside you is yearning to get out and back to HELL, it can't take you anymore! permalink award report block reply NewGoldenAge 1 points 4 days ago The cunt will be here till 2027. Unless you get creative. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 3 days ago There's a reason she's retiring and I hope we find out the REAL reason. permalink award report block reply TheDarkEmperor 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 30 points 4 days ago Reminds me of that time Trump canceled her flight. permalink award report block reply Lady_MaGa 16 points 4 days ago I about died laughing when that happened.  Touche.  She got bitchslapped into reality as to who is boss. permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 9 points 4 days ago I'm sure Pelosi about died a few times from free government booze aboard the free government plane too. My favorite part was how Trump couldn't decide if he wanted to end the free booze planes or keep them going and hope one of them finally croaked on those things. Somewhat unwisely, he chose to continue the booze planes because nobody's died of free taxpayer booze plane rides yet. I die a little inside too, knowing the citizens of this country can't agree to not give politicians free booze plane rides. I can put up with the infringement of all my constitutional rights, really, but free booze planes just crosses an ethical line for me; it feels wrong. Still, GG, well played Trump, that was a good PSA. Prior to that, I did not know that, we, in fact, pay for our senators and congressmen to get sloshed aboard airplanes on their way to foreign money laundering trips. I assumed they were merely getting handjobs from 14yo girls aboard private sector kompromat operations not tied to mossad or bush's CIA. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Came here to say the same thing. I was in my kitchen when I read that story and I laughed and laughed. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 3 days ago While Nancy became insanely wealthy the life style of the middle class got must worse.  11% of the middle class clipped into poverty from 1979 up to 2011 due to bills that Nancy pushed.  And many more are going to slip into poverty due ACA and the increase in medical bills. permalink parent award report block reply
Lady_MaGa 16 points 4 days ago I about died laughing when that happened.  Touche.  She got bitchslapped into reality as to who is boss. permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 9 points 4 days ago I'm sure Pelosi about died a few times from free government booze aboard the free government plane too. My favorite part was how Trump couldn't decide if he wanted to end the free booze planes or keep them going and hope one of them finally croaked on those things. Somewhat unwisely, he chose to continue the booze planes because nobody's died of free taxpayer booze plane rides yet. I die a little inside too, knowing the citizens of this country can't agree to not give politicians free booze plane rides. I can put up with the infringement of all my constitutional rights, really, but free booze planes just crosses an ethical line for me; it feels wrong. Still, GG, well played Trump, that was a good PSA. Prior to that, I did not know that, we, in fact, pay for our senators and congressmen to get sloshed aboard airplanes on their way to foreign money laundering trips. I assumed they were merely getting handjobs from 14yo girls aboard private sector kompromat operations not tied to mossad or bush's CIA. permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 9 points 4 days ago I'm sure Pelosi about died a few times from free government booze aboard the free government plane too. My favorite part was how Trump couldn't decide if he wanted to end the free booze planes or keep them going and hope one of them finally croaked on those things. Somewhat unwisely, he chose to continue the booze planes because nobody's died of free taxpayer booze plane rides yet. I die a little inside too, knowing the citizens of this country can't agree to not give politicians free booze plane rides. I can put up with the infringement of all my constitutional rights, really, but free booze planes just crosses an ethical line for me; it feels wrong. Still, GG, well played Trump, that was a good PSA. Prior to that, I did not know that, we, in fact, pay for our senators and congressmen to get sloshed aboard airplanes on their way to foreign money laundering trips. I assumed they were merely getting handjobs from 14yo girls aboard private sector kompromat operations not tied to mossad or bush's CIA. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Came here to say the same thing. I was in my kitchen when I read that story and I laughed and laughed. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 3 days ago While Nancy became insanely wealthy the life style of the middle class got must worse.  11% of the middle class clipped into poverty from 1979 up to 2011 due to bills that Nancy pushed.  And many more are going to slip into poverty due ACA and the increase in medical bills. permalink parent award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 15 points 4 days ago Link to Ben Garrison and Tina Toons https://gab.com/GrrrGraphics/posts/115515801584468586 permalink award report block reply
KekistanPM 13 points 4 days ago MSM after she dies: "Oh she was a once in a generation public servant! She gave up everything to put the people first! We should aspire to be like her and approach her levels of integrity!" permalink award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 13 points 4 days ago Cunt. Vile cunt. Hell awaits! permalink award report block reply taytaytay 3 points 4 days ago Yep, can't take it with you bitch. Not much time left for you Nancy, prepare for the absolute. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Paul is gonna miss his hammers when he goes. permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 3 days ago STOP THE HAMMERING permalink parent award report block reply
taytaytay 3 points 4 days ago Yep, can't take it with you bitch. Not much time left for you Nancy, prepare for the absolute. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Paul is gonna miss his hammers when he goes. permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 3 days ago STOP THE HAMMERING permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 3 points 4 days ago Paul is gonna miss his hammers when he goes. permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 3 days ago STOP THE HAMMERING permalink parent award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 2 points 3 days ago STOP THE HAMMERING permalink parent award report block reply
Modernturnkey 12 points 4 days ago I'd say she made the biggest sacrifice of all, her soul. permalink award report block reply
CrankyCrab 10 points 4 days ago It's missing the bottles of booze, but otherwise accurate. permalink award report block reply DT170x 8 points 4 days ago The bottles of booze is inside her various suitcases and bags. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 2 points 4 days ago She just runs up thousands of dollars worth of booze in-flight, and bills it to the taxpayers. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 8 points 4 days ago The bottles of booze is inside her various suitcases and bags. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 2 points 4 days ago She just runs up thousands of dollars worth of booze in-flight, and bills it to the taxpayers. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesSwingingCock 2 points 4 days ago She just runs up thousands of dollars worth of booze in-flight, and bills it to the taxpayers. permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 7 points 4 days ago Didn't she say she wasn't gonna run in 2022 and 2024 too? permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 4 days ago Behold, the planet's greatest stock trader to have ever lived...
Unashamed demon...that goes for her gay husband too. permalink award report block reply
AlaskaBrO93 5 points 4 days ago I hope I'm not the only one  noticing the single 0 dollar bills falling off the cart. The dollar is about to be fucking worthless. Hope you guys all have some assets or PMs permalink award report block reply
OldZilla 5 points 4 days ago Sickening. permalink award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 4 points 4 days ago Only 270 million? I call bullshit. That wasn't even the how much they made on the silicon insider trader. At the last hour they said, companies that support America can be funded. Completely negating the purpose of all the funding to put plants in America. Oddly enough they sold all of their holdings. Wild right? It was a congressional pump and dump scheme. permalink award report block reply
Roof_Korean 4 points 4 days ago Going to be hard to enjoy that money in hell, Nancy. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 4 points 4 days ago She's either afraid of going to prison (kek), or she has cancer and hasn't told anyone yet. permalink award report block reply
DiamondDroid 3 points 4 days ago Is she still alive? Well after a fashion. Worst she's still there. Slither back to hell you file demon spawn. permalink award report block reply
BlockWorks 3 points 4 days ago I hope that fellow that took a dump on her driveway has the chance to take a dump on her grave. permalink award report block reply
mateus 3 points 4 days ago That cartoonist is nuts. It's been decades since Nancy Lugosi had a stride that long lol.  She's accompanied by at least two "Visiting 🎶🎵Angels" these days. permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 3 points 4 days ago Needs more poop on the sidewalk. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 2 points 4 days ago congrats on the steal permalink award report block reply
Liberats 2 points 4 days ago Now free government drink has ended for her, she'll get through her vodka funds in no time. permalink award report block reply
splink 2 points 4 days ago After all that, you still can't take it with you. permalink award report block reply
seattlerunner 2 points 4 days ago She should be going straight into a guillotine.. permalink award report block reply
BTFOBrandon 1 points 3 days ago GOOD RIDDANCE permalink award report block reply
TrumpMagaNoBama 1 points 3 days ago FNP! The Demon inside you is yearning to get out and back to HELL, it can't take you anymore! permalink award report block reply
NewGoldenAge 1 points 4 days ago The cunt will be here till 2027. Unless you get creative. permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 1 points 3 days ago There's a reason she's retiring and I hope we find out the REAL reason. permalink award report block reply
TheDarkEmperor 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply