275 Yep posted 5 days ago by TheLawofOne- 12 comments award share download report block
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Scot 15 points 5 days ago It's telling that they still had to cheat to win in their own states. permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 6 points 5 days ago I honestly doubt that without cheating they could win elections. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Imagine only winning by 10 points against a guy that just killed tens of thousands of people's parents and dozens of thousands of people's grandparents only five years ago. permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 5 points 5 days ago Everybody wants communism now nobody likes you permalink award report block reply Grilledpepe 3 points 5 days ago I mean its always a blue tsunami of fake ballots in these states so they're technically not wrong. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Pensylvania is a "blue state?"  Virginia is a "blue state?"  Georgia is a "blue state?"  BE LESS RETARDED! permalink award report block reply Ivory88 2 points 5 days ago Thank you.  Not to mention flipping red seats to blue in Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 days ago Wow I wasn't even aware of Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply try4gain PRO 2 points 5 days ago Every time something good happens : People online act like it's never good enough and barely worth mentioning or celebrating. Every time something bad happens : People online act like it's another huge sign of the end times. Obligatory : "you cant vote you way out of this" Said mere months after we voted our way out of President Kamala and Biden Open Borders.. permalink award report block reply RedFoxOnFire 2 points 5 days ago I'm more concerned with the fact that democrats saw a candidate who wanted to kill Republicans and decided to vote for him permalink award report block reply vitalsine 2 points 5 days ago How about one who did kill people? https://x.com/libsoftiktok/status/1986294675787964860 permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm -1 points 5 days ago Red voters: iT's fRauD! Look how fast the votes were counted! permalink award report block reply
Scot 15 points 5 days ago It's telling that they still had to cheat to win in their own states. permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 6 points 5 days ago I honestly doubt that without cheating they could win elections. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Imagine only winning by 10 points against a guy that just killed tens of thousands of people's parents and dozens of thousands of people's grandparents only five years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 6 points 5 days ago I honestly doubt that without cheating they could win elections. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Imagine only winning by 10 points against a guy that just killed tens of thousands of people's parents and dozens of thousands of people's grandparents only five years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 5 points 5 days ago Everybody wants communism now nobody likes you permalink award report block reply
Grilledpepe 3 points 5 days ago I mean its always a blue tsunami of fake ballots in these states so they're technically not wrong. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Pensylvania is a "blue state?"  Virginia is a "blue state?"  Georgia is a "blue state?"  BE LESS RETARDED! permalink award report block reply Ivory88 2 points 5 days ago Thank you.  Not to mention flipping red seats to blue in Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 days ago Wow I wasn't even aware of Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply
Ivory88 2 points 5 days ago Thank you.  Not to mention flipping red seats to blue in Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 days ago Wow I wasn't even aware of Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 days ago Wow I wasn't even aware of Mississippi. permalink parent award report block reply
try4gain PRO 2 points 5 days ago Every time something good happens : People online act like it's never good enough and barely worth mentioning or celebrating. Every time something bad happens : People online act like it's another huge sign of the end times. Obligatory : "you cant vote you way out of this" Said mere months after we voted our way out of President Kamala and Biden Open Borders.. permalink award report block reply
RedFoxOnFire 2 points 5 days ago I'm more concerned with the fact that democrats saw a candidate who wanted to kill Republicans and decided to vote for him permalink award report block reply vitalsine 2 points 5 days ago How about one who did kill people? https://x.com/libsoftiktok/status/1986294675787964860 permalink parent award report block reply
vitalsine 2 points 5 days ago How about one who did kill people? https://x.com/libsoftiktok/status/1986294675787964860 permalink parent award report block reply
stayfckingcalm -1 points 5 days ago Red voters: iT's fRauD! Look how fast the votes were counted! permalink award report block reply