517 I can end the deficit in 5 minutes. posted 3 days ago by rdvs34283 19 comments award share report block Carter Hughes @itscarterhughes • 5d 🚨HOLY COW: @ElonMusk has announced his support for Warren Buffett’s plan to eliminate the deficit in 5 minutes: “Just pass a law that says, ‘Anytime there's a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for reelection.’” Do you support this?
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save deleted 13 points 3 days ago SicSemperTyrannis2 6 points 3 days ago We need common sense Congress control. permalink parent award report block reply UltimatePistachio 8 points 3 days ago It sounds good for now, they'll figure out another way to defeat that limitation though so it would have to be something worded in a more absolute way - maybe just put it in terms of debt exceeding a certain threshold in terms of the general overall money supply, or just overall debt The problem with having things like this, using GDP,  is that they can just throw that concept away or just redefine it like they do with other terms whenever it fits their agenda. The concept of debt is pretty hard but can also be tied to other things, not necessarily just figures that measure against money... Also, commerce has infiltrated way too much of our lives in general, so I would be weary to inject any sort of stuff relating to it into our government policies... I like the concept, I think it would need to be tempered to be absolute and more future proof. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 3 points 3 days ago I'd rather have a well educated and informed electorate permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 2 points 3 days ago Can't we all just get along ...and have both ? permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 7 points 3 days ago hurr durr i’m one of the wealthiest people on the planet and i came up with a cute little red meat idea for the starving masses to gnaw on. fuck you, warren. permalink award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 3 days ago The problem is that Congress would have to pass it. permalink award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Don't get Mark Lavin going on the convention of states again. permalink parent award report block reply Pede 3 points 3 days ago I have a genius idea too. How about all the bad guys pack it up and leave government? Oh, one problem with that... permalink award report block reply TonyTreehouse 3 points 3 days ago Except they'll tax and fee everything to try to stay in office. Which will strangle the economy. They are not smart enough, as a group, to cut the spending side.  But I'm all for doing it one time to get rid of the incumbent politicians. permalink award report block reply FlgPole 2 points 3 days ago or, we can realize the federal reserve system is a criminal fraud based off irredeemable promissory notes. The federal reserve dont lend dollars. The US govenrment can bypass the middle man and circulate Government bonds. Trump needs to take control of the US Mint from the criminal gangs. permalink award report block reply DeadOverRed 2 points 3 days ago I don't. We're behind. It needs to be "if the surplus that goes toward the budget falls under 10% of GDP, all of Congress becomes inelgible to run." permalink award report block reply fluffykitten 2 points 3 days ago "Do you support this?" = shitpost engagement bait permalink award report block reply readonly-polarbear 2 points 3 days ago Just term limit them. 2 terms for the Senate, 4 for the house. Combined terms of no more than 12 years total, and the only place to go from there is VP or president. permalink award report block reply Crapachino 2 points 3 days ago Change It to 5% surplus! permalink award report block reply obamagavemeaphone 2 points 3 days ago That's a great idea. But in order for it to pass the Congress and the Senate need to vote on and approve it, which will never fucking happen! Thank you, RAND Paul. You fucking piece of shit. permalink award report block reply atomicpower 1 points 3 days ago O we'll just pass a law that says xyz. What a genius. Fucking retard. permalink award report block reply ramennov 1 points 3 days ago No he can't because that won't happen. permalink award report block reply GarbageManCan47 1 points 3 days ago Never happen. We're past the point of politicians even having the faintest thought of being ethical and honorable. Real change will only happen at the end of a rifle barrel, and it's the Democrat's doing. Really it's the deep state, so it includes rinos too. But the Democrat's really turned the temperature up, and their minions have already fired the first shots. permalink award report block reply
deleted 13 points 3 days ago SicSemperTyrannis2 6 points 3 days ago We need common sense Congress control. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 6 points 3 days ago We need common sense Congress control. permalink parent award report block reply
UltimatePistachio 8 points 3 days ago It sounds good for now, they'll figure out another way to defeat that limitation though so it would have to be something worded in a more absolute way - maybe just put it in terms of debt exceeding a certain threshold in terms of the general overall money supply, or just overall debt The problem with having things like this, using GDP,  is that they can just throw that concept away or just redefine it like they do with other terms whenever it fits their agenda. The concept of debt is pretty hard but can also be tied to other things, not necessarily just figures that measure against money... Also, commerce has infiltrated way too much of our lives in general, so I would be weary to inject any sort of stuff relating to it into our government policies... I like the concept, I think it would need to be tempered to be absolute and more future proof. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 3 points 3 days ago I'd rather have a well educated and informed electorate permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 2 points 3 days ago Can't we all just get along ...and have both ? permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 3 points 3 days ago I'd rather have a well educated and informed electorate permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 2 points 3 days ago Can't we all just get along ...and have both ? permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 2 points 3 days ago Can't we all just get along ...and have both ? permalink parent award report block reply
bearhugprolapse 7 points 3 days ago hurr durr i’m one of the wealthiest people on the planet and i came up with a cute little red meat idea for the starving masses to gnaw on. fuck you, warren. permalink award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 3 points 3 days ago The problem is that Congress would have to pass it. permalink award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Don't get Mark Lavin going on the convention of states again. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Don't get Mark Lavin going on the convention of states again. permalink parent award report block reply
Pede 3 points 3 days ago I have a genius idea too. How about all the bad guys pack it up and leave government? Oh, one problem with that... permalink award report block reply
TonyTreehouse 3 points 3 days ago Except they'll tax and fee everything to try to stay in office. Which will strangle the economy. They are not smart enough, as a group, to cut the spending side.  But I'm all for doing it one time to get rid of the incumbent politicians. permalink award report block reply
FlgPole 2 points 3 days ago or, we can realize the federal reserve system is a criminal fraud based off irredeemable promissory notes. The federal reserve dont lend dollars. The US govenrment can bypass the middle man and circulate Government bonds. Trump needs to take control of the US Mint from the criminal gangs. permalink award report block reply
DeadOverRed 2 points 3 days ago I don't. We're behind. It needs to be "if the surplus that goes toward the budget falls under 10% of GDP, all of Congress becomes inelgible to run." permalink award report block reply
fluffykitten 2 points 3 days ago "Do you support this?" = shitpost engagement bait permalink award report block reply
readonly-polarbear 2 points 3 days ago Just term limit them. 2 terms for the Senate, 4 for the house. Combined terms of no more than 12 years total, and the only place to go from there is VP or president. permalink award report block reply
Crapachino 2 points 3 days ago Change It to 5% surplus! permalink award report block reply
obamagavemeaphone 2 points 3 days ago That's a great idea. But in order for it to pass the Congress and the Senate need to vote on and approve it, which will never fucking happen! Thank you, RAND Paul. You fucking piece of shit. permalink award report block reply
atomicpower 1 points 3 days ago O we'll just pass a law that says xyz. What a genius. Fucking retard. permalink award report block reply
ramennov 1 points 3 days ago No he can't because that won't happen. permalink award report block reply
GarbageManCan47 1 points 3 days ago Never happen. We're past the point of politicians even having the faintest thought of being ethical and honorable. Real change will only happen at the end of a rifle barrel, and it's the Democrat's doing. Really it's the deep state, so it includes rinos too. But the Democrat's really turned the temperature up, and their minions have already fired the first shots. permalink award report block reply