1207 GN posted 3 days ago by YodaBannon 47 comments award share download report block
47 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno LookFatty 53 points 3 days ago Hanged. Fixed it for you 🙂 permalink award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 19 points 3 days ago I'll believe it when I see it. We let foreign hordes invade us, steal from us, and kill us. And our response is to offer them free transportation instead of punishing them. The country is 100% cooked cause the left is evil and the right are pussies. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 4 points 2 days ago All the responses are negative. Schiff is an idiot. https://x.com/SenAdamSchiff/status/1987698040577151012?t=WwKkmoDETgpZdodKo860dw&s=19 permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 2 points 2 days ago Nothing will happen. He'll become Senate Majority Leader in time. permalink parent award report block reply Deltamyass 42 points 3 days ago Isn’t his party directly responsible for people not affording healthcare? permalink award report block reply ThorsonTT 26 points 3 days ago That was the entire goal of the ACA, collapse the insurance market. permalink parent award report block reply FromGodNotMonkey 3 points 2 days ago Nothing in any bill they come up with will make it affordable. Shift is a liar. The only thing that might possibly make it cheaper, is if they find a way to completely get rid of obamacare and go back to the way it was before obama. permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Bingo.  When Government starts paying, the cost skyrockets.  Education, housing, food, insurance.  It all goes up. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 2 points 2 days ago From the failed website to losing your bronze plan, democrats love failure 😆 permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Failure is just another crisis to exploit. permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 20 points 3 days ago Passed without a single republican vote. Yet, it's our fault? permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 4 points 3 days ago In more ways than one. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 25 points 3 days ago Every time dems try to make health care affordable, the price goes up 500%. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 5 points 2 days ago What you're seeing is a lot of the young Democrat voters have been in the health care insurance market for a few years now. ObamaCare made parents pay for kids up through age 26, So, 18 year olds who were around in the period between 2010 and 2014 when ObamaCare was rolling out are now 29. Those people have no idea how much more affordable health insurance was in the past, before the Democrats fucked it up and they've been voting for 11 years without having any idea what it was like before this thing. So, you have Democrats just flat out lying about what the problem is because a lot of their voters don't have a concept of what it was like before the Democrats did ObamaCare. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 6 points 2 days ago The entire democratic voter base is made up of idiots and corrupt people taking advantage of the idiots. That's why Democrats lie all the time, they know their voters are too stupid to see the lies. permalink parent award report block reply Speedgraphic69 18 points 3 days ago Rope party for this dildo permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 14 points 3 days ago Adam SHIT permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 10 points 3 days ago GN permalink award report block reply JohnnyWolverine 2 points 2 days ago Giant Nonce permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 2 points 3 days ago Hopefully permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 10 points 3 days ago Republican Health Care crisis LOL. You created the crisis you vile piece of shit lawless democrat. permalink award report block reply MagaChick101 9 points 3 days ago Only health crisis they see is their precious invaders being cut from the system they had no right to have! permalink award report block reply WoeToYou 9 points 3 days ago Republican healthcare crisis? Isn’t it called Obamacare, ya pencil-necked faggot? permalink award report block reply GreyKnight 6 points 3 days ago I had to take my son to the emergency room in June. Still mostly full of Hispanic immigrants. 2/3-3/4 or so… permalink award report block reply Minn2000 6 points 3 days ago Keep forgetting he's a Senator and not a Representative anymore. Hopefully neither soon. permalink award report block reply projectarcturus1 5 points 3 days ago The democrats are the biggest reason it's unaffordable. This commie needs be be on trial for treason. permalink award report block reply Doubleu1992 4 points 3 days ago He’s going to retire a rich man! permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 3 days ago He’s going to prison!! permalink parent award report block reply Doubleu1992 1 points 2 days ago Want to bet? He’s going to retire, a rich man like fucking Pelosi. permalink parent award report block reply Papabravo12 3 points 3 days ago What a clown permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 3 points 2 days ago Whale Psychiatrist 😸😸😸 permalink award report block reply BrewSwillis 2 points 2 days ago Pretty amazing how they think they can label the runaway cost of democrat Obamacare as "the Republican healthcare crisis". They media will probably take his side, and call it that too. permalink award report block reply 4886Battery 2 points 2 days ago Obamacare is one of the most clear examples of Democrats creating a problem then blaming the Republicans for not going along with their "solution".  I used to think Democrats were just too ignorant of reality with their idealistic policies, and honestly, that's the case for most of them.  But, the ones in charge, the ones drafting the policy, nah, they know these policies are full of problems, it's in the problems where the real money rolls in, it's also where false blame and dependency are born.  The Dems created this issue of unaffordable healthcare, they knew this would happen, but they also knew that it would grow so large that people would ignore this fact and trust them to fix the issue and blame Republicans. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago Low information voters are destroying our nation. permalink parent award report block reply BrionK 2 points 3 days ago Wish we had a real country and not a bunch of fags owned by pedos permalink award report block reply jedfag 2 points 3 days ago Schiffty Schiff for PRISON! permalink award report block reply Light_HIV_Effect 2 points 2 days ago Sounds like they all got the same talking points. "It's a republican shutdown, republican healthcare crisis, republicans are taking food away from kids" permalink award report block reply Constitution_1788 2 points 2 days ago Killer Kek. Lol permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 2 points 3 days ago Its not the Republicans fault Healthcare is so expensive. Its never coming down in price without incentive - competitive market. Government cant "price fix" and think that will make it affordable. That just makes a monopoly where you have no choice permalink award report block reply DefKon1 2 points 3 days ago Oh. NOW he wants to make "affordable" healthcare. 🤷🇺🇲 permalink award report block reply DiamondDroid 1 points 3 days ago Pencil nrck geek permalink award report block reply kyle6969 1 points 2 days ago He’ll skate just fine. All a show. permalink award report block reply -Evspra 1 points 3 days ago u/Doggos u/C the image in stickied threads doesn't resize on mouse drag. the post thumbnail is missing too. permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 3 days ago Adam Shit permalink award report block reply
LookFatty 53 points 3 days ago Hanged. Fixed it for you 🙂 permalink award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 19 points 3 days ago I'll believe it when I see it. We let foreign hordes invade us, steal from us, and kill us. And our response is to offer them free transportation instead of punishing them. The country is 100% cooked cause the left is evil and the right are pussies. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 4 points 2 days ago All the responses are negative. Schiff is an idiot. https://x.com/SenAdamSchiff/status/1987698040577151012?t=WwKkmoDETgpZdodKo860dw&s=19 permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 2 points 2 days ago Nothing will happen. He'll become Senate Majority Leader in time. permalink parent award report block reply
XxxRDTPRNxxX 19 points 3 days ago I'll believe it when I see it. We let foreign hordes invade us, steal from us, and kill us. And our response is to offer them free transportation instead of punishing them. The country is 100% cooked cause the left is evil and the right are pussies. permalink parent award report block reply
CyanScales 4 points 2 days ago All the responses are negative. Schiff is an idiot. https://x.com/SenAdamSchiff/status/1987698040577151012?t=WwKkmoDETgpZdodKo860dw&s=19 permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 2 points 2 days ago Nothing will happen. He'll become Senate Majority Leader in time. permalink parent award report block reply
Deltamyass 42 points 3 days ago Isn’t his party directly responsible for people not affording healthcare? permalink award report block reply ThorsonTT 26 points 3 days ago That was the entire goal of the ACA, collapse the insurance market. permalink parent award report block reply FromGodNotMonkey 3 points 2 days ago Nothing in any bill they come up with will make it affordable. Shift is a liar. The only thing that might possibly make it cheaper, is if they find a way to completely get rid of obamacare and go back to the way it was before obama. permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Bingo.  When Government starts paying, the cost skyrockets.  Education, housing, food, insurance.  It all goes up. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 2 points 2 days ago From the failed website to losing your bronze plan, democrats love failure 😆 permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Failure is just another crisis to exploit. permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 20 points 3 days ago Passed without a single republican vote. Yet, it's our fault? permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 4 points 3 days ago In more ways than one. permalink parent award report block reply
ThorsonTT 26 points 3 days ago That was the entire goal of the ACA, collapse the insurance market. permalink parent award report block reply FromGodNotMonkey 3 points 2 days ago Nothing in any bill they come up with will make it affordable. Shift is a liar. The only thing that might possibly make it cheaper, is if they find a way to completely get rid of obamacare and go back to the way it was before obama. permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Bingo.  When Government starts paying, the cost skyrockets.  Education, housing, food, insurance.  It all goes up. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 2 points 2 days ago From the failed website to losing your bronze plan, democrats love failure 😆 permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Failure is just another crisis to exploit. permalink parent award report block reply
FromGodNotMonkey 3 points 2 days ago Nothing in any bill they come up with will make it affordable. Shift is a liar. The only thing that might possibly make it cheaper, is if they find a way to completely get rid of obamacare and go back to the way it was before obama. permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Bingo.  When Government starts paying, the cost skyrockets.  Education, housing, food, insurance.  It all goes up. permalink parent award report block reply
ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Bingo.  When Government starts paying, the cost skyrockets.  Education, housing, food, insurance.  It all goes up. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 2 points 2 days ago From the failed website to losing your bronze plan, democrats love failure 😆 permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Failure is just another crisis to exploit. permalink parent award report block reply
ThorsonTT 1 points 2 days ago Failure is just another crisis to exploit. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 20 points 3 days ago Passed without a single republican vote. Yet, it's our fault? permalink parent award report block reply
Boomstikchik 4 points 3 days ago In more ways than one. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 25 points 3 days ago Every time dems try to make health care affordable, the price goes up 500%. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 5 points 2 days ago What you're seeing is a lot of the young Democrat voters have been in the health care insurance market for a few years now. ObamaCare made parents pay for kids up through age 26, So, 18 year olds who were around in the period between 2010 and 2014 when ObamaCare was rolling out are now 29. Those people have no idea how much more affordable health insurance was in the past, before the Democrats fucked it up and they've been voting for 11 years without having any idea what it was like before this thing. So, you have Democrats just flat out lying about what the problem is because a lot of their voters don't have a concept of what it was like before the Democrats did ObamaCare. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 6 points 2 days ago The entire democratic voter base is made up of idiots and corrupt people taking advantage of the idiots. That's why Democrats lie all the time, they know their voters are too stupid to see the lies. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 5 points 2 days ago What you're seeing is a lot of the young Democrat voters have been in the health care insurance market for a few years now. ObamaCare made parents pay for kids up through age 26, So, 18 year olds who were around in the period between 2010 and 2014 when ObamaCare was rolling out are now 29. Those people have no idea how much more affordable health insurance was in the past, before the Democrats fucked it up and they've been voting for 11 years without having any idea what it was like before this thing. So, you have Democrats just flat out lying about what the problem is because a lot of their voters don't have a concept of what it was like before the Democrats did ObamaCare. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 6 points 2 days ago The entire democratic voter base is made up of idiots and corrupt people taking advantage of the idiots. That's why Democrats lie all the time, they know their voters are too stupid to see the lies. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 6 points 2 days ago The entire democratic voter base is made up of idiots and corrupt people taking advantage of the idiots. That's why Democrats lie all the time, they know their voters are too stupid to see the lies. permalink parent award report block reply
Speedgraphic69 18 points 3 days ago Rope party for this dildo permalink award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 14 points 3 days ago Adam SHIT permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 10 points 3 days ago GN permalink award report block reply JohnnyWolverine 2 points 2 days ago Giant Nonce permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 2 points 3 days ago Hopefully permalink parent award report block reply
JohnnyWolverine 2 points 2 days ago Giant Nonce permalink parent award report block reply
KennyKetchem 2 points 3 days ago Hopefully permalink parent award report block reply
raptormissle 10 points 3 days ago Republican Health Care crisis LOL. You created the crisis you vile piece of shit lawless democrat. permalink award report block reply
MagaChick101 9 points 3 days ago Only health crisis they see is their precious invaders being cut from the system they had no right to have! permalink award report block reply
WoeToYou 9 points 3 days ago Republican healthcare crisis? Isn’t it called Obamacare, ya pencil-necked faggot? permalink award report block reply
GreyKnight 6 points 3 days ago I had to take my son to the emergency room in June. Still mostly full of Hispanic immigrants. 2/3-3/4 or so… permalink award report block reply
Minn2000 6 points 3 days ago Keep forgetting he's a Senator and not a Representative anymore. Hopefully neither soon. permalink award report block reply
projectarcturus1 5 points 3 days ago The democrats are the biggest reason it's unaffordable. This commie needs be be on trial for treason. permalink award report block reply
Doubleu1992 4 points 3 days ago He’s going to retire a rich man! permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 3 days ago He’s going to prison!! permalink parent award report block reply Doubleu1992 1 points 2 days ago Want to bet? He’s going to retire, a rich man like fucking Pelosi. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 3 days ago He’s going to prison!! permalink parent award report block reply Doubleu1992 1 points 2 days ago Want to bet? He’s going to retire, a rich man like fucking Pelosi. permalink parent award report block reply
Doubleu1992 1 points 2 days ago Want to bet? He’s going to retire, a rich man like fucking Pelosi. permalink parent award report block reply
Papabravo12 3 points 3 days ago What a clown permalink award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 3 points 2 days ago Whale Psychiatrist 😸😸😸 permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 2 points 2 days ago Pretty amazing how they think they can label the runaway cost of democrat Obamacare as "the Republican healthcare crisis". They media will probably take his side, and call it that too. permalink award report block reply
4886Battery 2 points 2 days ago Obamacare is one of the most clear examples of Democrats creating a problem then blaming the Republicans for not going along with their "solution".  I used to think Democrats were just too ignorant of reality with their idealistic policies, and honestly, that's the case for most of them.  But, the ones in charge, the ones drafting the policy, nah, they know these policies are full of problems, it's in the problems where the real money rolls in, it's also where false blame and dependency are born.  The Dems created this issue of unaffordable healthcare, they knew this would happen, but they also knew that it would grow so large that people would ignore this fact and trust them to fix the issue and blame Republicans. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago Low information voters are destroying our nation. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago Low information voters are destroying our nation. permalink parent award report block reply
BrionK 2 points 3 days ago Wish we had a real country and not a bunch of fags owned by pedos permalink award report block reply
jedfag 2 points 3 days ago Schiffty Schiff for PRISON! permalink award report block reply
Light_HIV_Effect 2 points 2 days ago Sounds like they all got the same talking points. "It's a republican shutdown, republican healthcare crisis, republicans are taking food away from kids" permalink award report block reply
Constitution_1788 2 points 2 days ago Killer Kek. Lol permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 2 points 3 days ago Its not the Republicans fault Healthcare is so expensive. Its never coming down in price without incentive - competitive market. Government cant "price fix" and think that will make it affordable. That just makes a monopoly where you have no choice permalink award report block reply
DefKon1 2 points 3 days ago Oh. NOW he wants to make "affordable" healthcare. 🤷🇺🇲 permalink award report block reply
DiamondDroid 1 points 3 days ago Pencil nrck geek permalink award report block reply
kyle6969 1 points 2 days ago He’ll skate just fine. All a show. permalink award report block reply
-Evspra 1 points 3 days ago u/Doggos u/C the image in stickied threads doesn't resize on mouse drag. the post thumbnail is missing too. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 3 days ago Adam Shit permalink award report block reply