12 Matt Walsh: if I could genocide AI, I would. posted 28 minutes ago by PatriotSam 7 comments award share report block Matt Walsh @MattWalshBlog • 7h This AI “singer” has 2 million monthly listeners on Spotify. I hate this so much. I cannot describe how much I hate it. If I could commit a genocide against AI, I would. AI “art” is the death of the soul. Pure dystopian hell. Did I mention that I hate this?
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Cuetardian 3 points 26 minutes ago it probably stole from the best for this song, so sure it's popular permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 2 points 25 minutes ago Yes that's another thing about it. No new creation, just repackaging old stuff with a new car smell air freshener on it. I think it's cool when AI takes one song and turns it into a different genre for lulz, but making "new" music is ridiculous permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 2 points 6 minutes ago Oh no AI is going to bankrupt all the degenerate Hollywood celebrities who hate us, call us "flyover country" and shill every form of degeneracy they can think up on us.  What a tragedy. permalink award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 2 points 22 minutes ago Why are we raging against a machine which can create the same level of garbage that humans are currently producing? This should be an indictment of the music/entertainment industry as a whole, not on the fact we've developed a system capable of mimicking that industry to the point of them becoming irrelevant. permalink award report block reply Feelsgood2020 2 points 7 minutes ago This guy gets it. We are being crushed by the dead weight of decades worth of repackaged music. None of it is new. It is all manufactured celebrity. “Ai is just repackaged old stuff”. No shit, we all learn from each other. The real money for a music artists is on the road playing for fans. Only the rich recording executives make money off licensing. Fuck em. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 4 minutes ago This is why Texas country is so awesome.  It's authentic and they consistently tour (within Texas). permalink parent award report block reply dangermousebuu 1 points 2 minutes ago As someone who makes AI music videos full time, this should be celebrated. The music industry is arguably the most luciferian industry to ever exist, outside of the abortion industry. I write lyrics, then make songs until I het a good one, and they're better than 95% of the shit youll ever hear on the radio. WE SHOULD BE HAPPY! We can use this technology to destroy the satanic foothold that they have on music. Matt Walsh is a fucking retard. You think AI music sucks? Watch this: https://youtu.be/jDWA89TtGoI?si=BnSMOaF5tS5KNXye FUCK THE MUSIC INDUSTRY permalink award report block reply
Cuetardian 3 points 26 minutes ago it probably stole from the best for this song, so sure it's popular permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 2 points 25 minutes ago Yes that's another thing about it. No new creation, just repackaging old stuff with a new car smell air freshener on it. I think it's cool when AI takes one song and turns it into a different genre for lulz, but making "new" music is ridiculous permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 2 points 25 minutes ago Yes that's another thing about it. No new creation, just repackaging old stuff with a new car smell air freshener on it. I think it's cool when AI takes one song and turns it into a different genre for lulz, but making "new" music is ridiculous permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 2 points 6 minutes ago Oh no AI is going to bankrupt all the degenerate Hollywood celebrities who hate us, call us "flyover country" and shill every form of degeneracy they can think up on us.  What a tragedy. permalink award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 2 points 22 minutes ago Why are we raging against a machine which can create the same level of garbage that humans are currently producing? This should be an indictment of the music/entertainment industry as a whole, not on the fact we've developed a system capable of mimicking that industry to the point of them becoming irrelevant. permalink award report block reply Feelsgood2020 2 points 7 minutes ago This guy gets it. We are being crushed by the dead weight of decades worth of repackaged music. None of it is new. It is all manufactured celebrity. “Ai is just repackaged old stuff”. No shit, we all learn from each other. The real money for a music artists is on the road playing for fans. Only the rich recording executives make money off licensing. Fuck em. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 4 minutes ago This is why Texas country is so awesome.  It's authentic and they consistently tour (within Texas). permalink parent award report block reply
Feelsgood2020 2 points 7 minutes ago This guy gets it. We are being crushed by the dead weight of decades worth of repackaged music. None of it is new. It is all manufactured celebrity. “Ai is just repackaged old stuff”. No shit, we all learn from each other. The real money for a music artists is on the road playing for fans. Only the rich recording executives make money off licensing. Fuck em. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 4 minutes ago This is why Texas country is so awesome.  It's authentic and they consistently tour (within Texas). permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 1 points 4 minutes ago This is why Texas country is so awesome.  It's authentic and they consistently tour (within Texas). permalink parent award report block reply
dangermousebuu 1 points 2 minutes ago As someone who makes AI music videos full time, this should be celebrated. The music industry is arguably the most luciferian industry to ever exist, outside of the abortion industry. I write lyrics, then make songs until I het a good one, and they're better than 95% of the shit youll ever hear on the radio. WE SHOULD BE HAPPY! We can use this technology to destroy the satanic foothold that they have on music. Matt Walsh is a fucking retard. You think AI music sucks? Watch this: https://youtu.be/jDWA89TtGoI?si=BnSMOaF5tS5KNXye FUCK THE MUSIC INDUSTRY permalink award report block reply