244 😂HE HAS ARRIVED AS FORETOLD 🤣LMFAOOO 🤣🤣🤣😂💯 posted 8 hours ago by Prandogolio 15 comments award share download report block
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Thrilly 5 points 3 hours ago Facebook memes...so sick of seeing this shit here permalink award report block reply Prandogolio OP -1 points 3 hours ago That's what the people here want now, so that's what I'm posting.  Look at all the upvotes I get for posting nothing but this retarded garbage for the last two days! permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 2 points 3 hours ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am one of the people back in the_donald days.  I used to complain about off topic posts all the time up until yesterday.  I would ping the mods and ask them to weigh in about these stupid off-topic posts and they would ignore me.  Everyone in the comments just got mad at me and told me to "lighten up" and downvote me to hell. So I decided to just go with the flow. I decided to just give the people what they want.  Look at the upvotes I get for taking random retarded posts from c/funny and reposting them here with moronic emoji titles.  Everyone loves it. Don't be mad at me. I'm just adapting.  Be mad at the mods for letting it become a stupid shit hole.  Be mad at all the morons upvoting this garbage.  I'm just proving how stupid it has become. permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 1 points 47 minutes ago I'm telling you directly, that not everyone loves it...the upvotes you're getting are from people who just press the upvote on everything so it lights up.  It's fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Pissonit 4 points 7 hours ago Just when you thought it was safe the hairs on your neck start to stand up when you begin to wonder what might be around the corner of the building..... permalink award report block reply indigo_truther 5 points 6 hours ago We had a cat that once or twice would just stare up at an empty corner of our ceiling like he saw an invisible demon, and bolt out of the room.  You would probably have to be there to appreciate how unsettling that is. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 7 hours ago 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 3 points 8 hours ago That is cute. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 5 hours ago Meow permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 1 hour ago What: Someone painted the black cat who sits near this derelict building. Internet: Everyone Spaz Out permalink award report block reply NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 2 hours ago Facebook retard shit permalink award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago Yes, and everyone loves it.  Look at my posts for the last day and a half.  I just take a random post from c/funny and repost it here with a stupid title full of emojis, and I get massive upvotes all day! It's what everyone here clearly wants to see.  I'm just giving it to them since they apparently can't go to c/funny to see it. permalink parent award report block reply
Thrilly 5 points 3 hours ago Facebook memes...so sick of seeing this shit here permalink award report block reply Prandogolio OP -1 points 3 hours ago That's what the people here want now, so that's what I'm posting.  Look at all the upvotes I get for posting nothing but this retarded garbage for the last two days! permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 2 points 3 hours ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am one of the people back in the_donald days.  I used to complain about off topic posts all the time up until yesterday.  I would ping the mods and ask them to weigh in about these stupid off-topic posts and they would ignore me.  Everyone in the comments just got mad at me and told me to "lighten up" and downvote me to hell. So I decided to just go with the flow. I decided to just give the people what they want.  Look at the upvotes I get for taking random retarded posts from c/funny and reposting them here with moronic emoji titles.  Everyone loves it. Don't be mad at me. I'm just adapting.  Be mad at the mods for letting it become a stupid shit hole.  Be mad at all the morons upvoting this garbage.  I'm just proving how stupid it has become. permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 1 points 47 minutes ago I'm telling you directly, that not everyone loves it...the upvotes you're getting are from people who just press the upvote on everything so it lights up.  It's fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Prandogolio OP -1 points 3 hours ago That's what the people here want now, so that's what I'm posting.  Look at all the upvotes I get for posting nothing but this retarded garbage for the last two days! permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 2 points 3 hours ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am one of the people back in the_donald days.  I used to complain about off topic posts all the time up until yesterday.  I would ping the mods and ask them to weigh in about these stupid off-topic posts and they would ignore me.  Everyone in the comments just got mad at me and told me to "lighten up" and downvote me to hell. So I decided to just go with the flow. I decided to just give the people what they want.  Look at the upvotes I get for taking random retarded posts from c/funny and reposting them here with moronic emoji titles.  Everyone loves it. Don't be mad at me. I'm just adapting.  Be mad at the mods for letting it become a stupid shit hole.  Be mad at all the morons upvoting this garbage.  I'm just proving how stupid it has become. permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 1 points 47 minutes ago I'm telling you directly, that not everyone loves it...the upvotes you're getting are from people who just press the upvote on everything so it lights up.  It's fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Thrilly 2 points 3 hours ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am one of the people back in the_donald days.  I used to complain about off topic posts all the time up until yesterday.  I would ping the mods and ask them to weigh in about these stupid off-topic posts and they would ignore me.  Everyone in the comments just got mad at me and told me to "lighten up" and downvote me to hell. So I decided to just go with the flow. I decided to just give the people what they want.  Look at the upvotes I get for taking random retarded posts from c/funny and reposting them here with moronic emoji titles.  Everyone loves it. Don't be mad at me. I'm just adapting.  Be mad at the mods for letting it become a stupid shit hole.  Be mad at all the morons upvoting this garbage.  I'm just proving how stupid it has become. permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 1 points 47 minutes ago I'm telling you directly, that not everyone loves it...the upvotes you're getting are from people who just press the upvote on everything so it lights up.  It's fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am one of the people back in the_donald days.  I used to complain about off topic posts all the time up until yesterday.  I would ping the mods and ask them to weigh in about these stupid off-topic posts and they would ignore me.  Everyone in the comments just got mad at me and told me to "lighten up" and downvote me to hell. So I decided to just go with the flow. I decided to just give the people what they want.  Look at the upvotes I get for taking random retarded posts from c/funny and reposting them here with moronic emoji titles.  Everyone loves it. Don't be mad at me. I'm just adapting.  Be mad at the mods for letting it become a stupid shit hole.  Be mad at all the morons upvoting this garbage.  I'm just proving how stupid it has become. permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 1 points 47 minutes ago I'm telling you directly, that not everyone loves it...the upvotes you're getting are from people who just press the upvote on everything so it lights up.  It's fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Thrilly 1 points 47 minutes ago I'm telling you directly, that not everyone loves it...the upvotes you're getting are from people who just press the upvote on everything so it lights up.  It's fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Pissonit 4 points 7 hours ago Just when you thought it was safe the hairs on your neck start to stand up when you begin to wonder what might be around the corner of the building..... permalink award report block reply indigo_truther 5 points 6 hours ago We had a cat that once or twice would just stare up at an empty corner of our ceiling like he saw an invisible demon, and bolt out of the room.  You would probably have to be there to appreciate how unsettling that is. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 7 hours ago 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
indigo_truther 5 points 6 hours ago We had a cat that once or twice would just stare up at an empty corner of our ceiling like he saw an invisible demon, and bolt out of the room.  You would probably have to be there to appreciate how unsettling that is. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio OP 1 points 7 hours ago 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 3 points 8 hours ago That is cute. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 5 hours ago Meow permalink award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 1 hour ago What: Someone painted the black cat who sits near this derelict building. Internet: Everyone Spaz Out permalink award report block reply
NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 2 hours ago Facebook retard shit permalink award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago Yes, and everyone loves it.  Look at my posts for the last day and a half.  I just take a random post from c/funny and repost it here with a stupid title full of emojis, and I get massive upvotes all day! It's what everyone here clearly wants to see.  I'm just giving it to them since they apparently can't go to c/funny to see it. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio OP 1 points 1 hour ago Yes, and everyone loves it.  Look at my posts for the last day and a half.  I just take a random post from c/funny and repost it here with a stupid title full of emojis, and I get massive upvotes all day! It's what everyone here clearly wants to see.  I'm just giving it to them since they apparently can't go to c/funny to see it. permalink parent award report block reply