306 Islamist imam with a gun inside a mosque: “There’s no better way to worship Allah than by killing an infidel.” posted 7 days ago by Capoditutticapi1 14 comments award share report block Dr. Maalouf ‏ @realMaalouf • 7d Islamist imam with a gun inside a mosque: “There’s no better way to worship Allah than by killing an infidel.” I don’t know about you, but I’ve never seen a religious leader from any other religion act like this!
14 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save CleanUpPhillyTrump24 10 points 7 days ago Report this to the FBI: https://tips.fbi.gov/home permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 7 days ago Can't. This Xwitter as..hat didn't bother to post the location, date, time, or the name of the imam. How exactly is the FBI supposed to do anything about this? How do we know this wasn't a mosque in Syria or France? This is ragebait, not real data. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 10 points 7 days ago It's not a religion.  It's an insane political movement. permalink award report block reply Threaper666 8 points 7 days ago The only good muslim is a      one. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 7 points 7 days ago (I know you left a long space between “a” and “one”, but this forum auto corrects spacing.) Upvote for discretion. permalink parent award report block reply impera 6 points 7 days ago https://x.com/518EatShit/status/1986207710061470147 Some guy asked for a grok translation of the angry goatfucker noises. And wouldnt you know it, grok said that 'mainstream Islam condemns such extremism'. No, it doesnt - the terrorism here is normal mainstream islam. permalink award report block reply Tim_Berframer 5 points 7 days ago This kind of talk starts crusades. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 4 points 7 days ago Pass the Hoppe's No. 9 Synthetic and PINGMIC Silicon Cloth... permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 7 days ago Coat with bacon grease after cleaning the barrel. It smells great. permalink parent award report block reply Mooksayshigh 1 points 7 days ago Its 2025 and you're on the internet, there will be no crusade. permalink parent award report block reply Efrum 3 points 7 days ago Mandani's victory speech? permalink award report block reply AboriginalIvory 2 points 7 days ago Liberal White women in NY City are the biggest Infidels! permalink award report block reply AccelerateAlready 2 points 7 days ago The hour is late and they are telling us all the time. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 10 points 7 days ago Report this to the FBI: https://tips.fbi.gov/home permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 7 days ago Can't. This Xwitter as..hat didn't bother to post the location, date, time, or the name of the imam. How exactly is the FBI supposed to do anything about this? How do we know this wasn't a mosque in Syria or France? This is ragebait, not real data. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 2 points 7 days ago Can't. This Xwitter as..hat didn't bother to post the location, date, time, or the name of the imam. How exactly is the FBI supposed to do anything about this? How do we know this wasn't a mosque in Syria or France? This is ragebait, not real data. permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 10 points 7 days ago It's not a religion.  It's an insane political movement. permalink award report block reply
Threaper666 8 points 7 days ago The only good muslim is a      one. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 7 points 7 days ago (I know you left a long space between “a” and “one”, but this forum auto corrects spacing.) Upvote for discretion. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 7 points 7 days ago (I know you left a long space between “a” and “one”, but this forum auto corrects spacing.) Upvote for discretion. permalink parent award report block reply
impera 6 points 7 days ago https://x.com/518EatShit/status/1986207710061470147 Some guy asked for a grok translation of the angry goatfucker noises. And wouldnt you know it, grok said that 'mainstream Islam condemns such extremism'. No, it doesnt - the terrorism here is normal mainstream islam. permalink award report block reply
Tim_Berframer 5 points 7 days ago This kind of talk starts crusades. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 4 points 7 days ago Pass the Hoppe's No. 9 Synthetic and PINGMIC Silicon Cloth... permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 7 days ago Coat with bacon grease after cleaning the barrel. It smells great. permalink parent award report block reply Mooksayshigh 1 points 7 days ago Its 2025 and you're on the internet, there will be no crusade. permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 4 points 7 days ago Pass the Hoppe's No. 9 Synthetic and PINGMIC Silicon Cloth... permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 7 days ago Coat with bacon grease after cleaning the barrel. It smells great. permalink parent award report block reply
BaldyGull 1 points 7 days ago Coat with bacon grease after cleaning the barrel. It smells great. permalink parent award report block reply
Mooksayshigh 1 points 7 days ago Its 2025 and you're on the internet, there will be no crusade. permalink parent award report block reply
Efrum 3 points 7 days ago Mandani's victory speech? permalink award report block reply
AboriginalIvory 2 points 7 days ago Liberal White women in NY City are the biggest Infidels! permalink award report block reply
AccelerateAlready 2 points 7 days ago The hour is late and they are telling us all the time. permalink award report block reply