1048 The Big Short Guy Just Bet $1 Billion That the AI Bubble Pops (futurism.com) posted 5 days ago by magaMC117 302 comments award share report block The Big Short Guy Just Bet $1 Billion That the AI Bubble Pops Michael Burry, who shorted the housing market in 2008, has bet over $1 billion that the shares of AI companies Nvidia and Palantir will fall. futurism.com
302 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Crucible 128 points 5 days ago This has been the top story on Zero Hedge all week. That's why Sam Altman is looking for government handouts. AI is a grift. permalink award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 44 points 5 days ago that guy is seriously creepy/unsettling. is he human or what? him, zuckerbot, wtf is going on? DARPA must be putting androids in charge of their carve-outs. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 50 points 5 days ago What does Sam Altman know about the mysterious death of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KmpT-BoVf4 permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 18 points 5 days ago thank you very much for sharing this! First time I've seen it and wow, Altman appears incredibly guilty!! permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 17 points 5 days ago Tucker interviewed Poornima Ramarao, Suchir's mother, and the interview lead me to believe Suchir was murdered.  Tucker published the interview on Jan. 15 2025 if you want to listen.  Its tough  to get through :/ permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... julianReyes 12 points 5 days ago have you not taken a look at silicon valley jesus fuck a whole lot of you guys live on the same coast as them and yet you guys are unaware of naval ravikant a silicon valley indian who owns angellist and a bunch of other crap permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 12 points 5 days ago Maybe actually state what's significant about Naval. I know of him but not about him. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 5 days ago I've known a few tech people who reccoment rejecting the tech valley funding investor scheme. They say it's guaranteed to loose your company to faceless investors who take the idea, exaggurate promise to investors, stack the company with their own people. the founder loses control, looses knowledge of what the code is doing and commercial contracts. is eventually sidelined and forced out. might make some $  in short term, but less than long term otherwise. plus they are bundled with the legacy fallout. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Na, he's just an introvert eccentric dude who is very awkward in social settings like a very large chunk of people are. His name would have never been known if not for the stuff in 2007 and 8 and I'm sure he will have preferred to keep it that way, but when you end up making the market prediction of a generation and it comes true, that's definitely going to get your name out there lol I think he's most happy at home by himself buried in math and numbers and trying to guess what the markets will do next permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 10 points 5 days ago Being an introvert doesn't have to make you creepy, but being a Christ-denier probably will (which Altman is) permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You're both talking about different people. He's talking about Michael Burry, you're talking about Sam Altman. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 8 points 5 days ago Just a big investor in Reddit accused by his sister of molesting her. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 4 points 5 days ago We're not going down the Believe All Women trap again. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago oh no sorry, tbc, I'm talking about Altman not Burry. I'm very familiar with the latter! permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 5 days ago fun fact about him he went to medical school and and has a medical degree in neurology. Despite never having practiced he is still a fully licensed physician who has been keeping up with the continuing education requirements. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago I pick up more  than being socially awkward. Time will tell permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 6 points 5 days ago Him and Zuck are members of the same tribe permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 5 days ago 'psychopathy' , non existent soul , consideration for others , empathy.  At any given time , humanity has around 5% of it's total as psychopaths.........maybe it's an evolutionary thing but I can't help thinking we could do without them permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Maybe, maybe not.  A lot of successful CEO's are likely psychopaths.  The evolutionary advantage to a tribe leader being able to make decisions about survival at all costs is obvious.  It's not all that different from running a company. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 5 days ago yep, I worked in psych care for decades ......there are the serial killer type at one extreme and then there are the big business / corp types who are high achievers as they care not about who they step on permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Formerlurker92 13 points 5 days ago I wonder what the "pets.com" version of this bubble will be. A company so vapid and overextended it exposes the grift to the world permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 8 points 5 days ago Honestly the two that Burry's targeting are probably the best fits for what you're describing. Valuations are at 'pants-on-head' levels of regarded, right now. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Who did he short? And I wonder what timeline he's thinking based on his positions permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 5 days ago NVDA and PLTR. I'm sure this is a short-term (ie. <12mos.) strategy, playing the ultra-high beta+ultra-premium tech names which are 'castles built by the shore' in terms of forward projections. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... posedgeclk 6 points 5 days ago chewy.com is pretty successful a few decades later... permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 16 points 5 days ago Yes, but pets.com was the grim reaper of the bubble. No products, no revenue, no customers, and they managed to get investor money for a superbowl ad. People started asking questions no one could answer, and valuations tanked. That is a different beast than chewy. The fact they are in the same market is irrelevant, one is serving a market - the other was laundering money permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 5 days ago wow I don't recall this but being an entreprenuer in the pet industry plus a big time tech nerdy, I'm deep diving into this. Sounds fun! permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Their free shipping and discount on subscribing for your order is really nice for shit like my cat litter that I can't find at most stores other than Publix and I don't shop at Publix permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 5 days ago Great for bird seed and suet too.  I've got several feeders with specific types of food that can disappear from store shelves suddenly.  Once the birds establish a community dependent on your feeders or plants its very important to maintain the supply of food they've grown their community to rely upon. permalink parent award report block reply LaVaughnRobinson 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com hah how about MicroStrategy.  That con artist Michael Saylor was at the helm back then and is still at it, fraud is right up his alley.  They were one of the leading headlines back then right before it burst when their shit tanked 50% in one day. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 0 points 5 days ago Yer an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply envywrath 3 points 5 days ago It's going to be China unveiling a version of deepseek that is more powerful than chatgpt while still maintaining its (I kid you not) 1/60th of the cost of gpt permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 4 points 5 days ago Actually or just communist accounting? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Between wages, data center costs, and electrical costs... It's believable. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... envywrath 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz -1 points 5 days ago probably Grok. It's not very useful as part of X, most people dislike it "Grok, is this true?" and it's one of the bigger hallucinators in terms of AI permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It’s the most accurate. Leagues beyond chatgpt permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 8 points 5 days ago I think AI will be a big factor in the future, but am skeptical of the government helping companies in the name of things like "national security." permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 10 points 5 days ago AI isn't going away, nor is it NEW. The wave of "muh AIs" is going to subside and the customer demand for it will taper off. LLM AI is frustrating, all of them, because it's really just a souped up search engine. If you've ever tried to use it to do something complicated, it makes big errors and omissions and sometimes it  just plain hallucinates. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 5 points 5 days ago It's not new at all, just moving at a faster pace than before and getting more hype. I've found it useful for some things but not others. When it comes to customer service it still sucks...companies are always in such a rush in this country to turn customer service into shit. permalink parent award report block reply bantar 4 points 5 days ago It's a wonderful search engine as it saves me from having to hit up 12 different sites to find what I'm looking for. With complicated (actually simple) tasks, it can't be trusted as it makes things up, misses obvious data and is sloppy as hell. Last week, parse these pdf files and give me data from embedded tables.   I had to review every document manually to correct the output due to errors and omissions.  Sigh.  It didn't make my life easier. But, boy howdy, it is a great grammar checker.  It's a great learning tool (teach me about <whatever>), because you can ask it stupid questions all day long without ridicule until you catch on. Lastly, you'll never starve for Commie propaganda.  Not only will it feed you, it will stuff it down your throat as well. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 5 days ago I had this scenario where I was trying to find out the incidence of something based on location, so within locations incidents would be consolidated by similar characteristics. The task was for ChatGPT to come up with a total of incidents and then to organize the incidents by location and characteristics. It could not do it. I kept whacking and whacking at it and it kept returning bad data and then apologizing when I pointed out the mistakes. This was something I could have done on a whiteboard in less than half an hour and been pretty sure it was correct but ChatGPT couldn't do it. Eventually it refused to try and said it couldn't reach the code executor anymore. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago I hate that word.  It's not 'hallucinating'.  Its just regurgitating the wrong reddit post. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago That’s just a term. permalink parent award report block reply DJTXLV 2 points 5 days ago Yep. I’m using it right now at work to build a whole process for a small team that’s built on excel, power apps and power automate. I don’t know shit about the last 2, and since this isn’t a project that is “doing the needful” for revenue, I’m left to figure it out on my own. I’ve been using ChatGPT to walk me through the steps, and it only gets you so far until it starts hallucinating hard and essentially ruins the last 20 steps done. It’s a glorified search engine. Nothing more. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 5 days ago It has great time saving uses. It's great to be able to take a transcript of a meeting and have it summarize it for you. Stuff like that is wonderful. I haven't seen much that's been ground breaking though. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 5 days ago That can be quite hit or miss. It's a pretty big risk if you are counting on accuracy. For code generation, I've seen it write some good code - then you give it a note to update and it mysteriously just deletes part of the code that was working, introducing a breaking change. Then when you try to get that part back, something else goes away. For things like creating recipes, I've seen it describe certain parts of the recipe and then swap steps and ingredients. If you try to get it back, it gives you different results. Some weird shit. For things like summarizing a video, sometimes it straight up just hallucinates things that aren't even in the video. Other times I've been working with it and it just refuses to return a response, just keeps asking "clarifying" questions over and over. When you question it and ask why it's doing that, it finally admits that it's just stalling you because the code execution engine is down or unavailable or something. So bottom line, it's got some big problems. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... load 5 more comments... julianReyes 9 points 5 days ago AI is only good for artificially inflating the stock market and the crash will be rough. I think SV is on the end of its rope since software fad after software fad is crashing. Maybe they'll pivot to robotics with the Neo trojan horse? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 11 points 5 days ago AI is 100% marketing right now. It's all just software with more refined algorithms which is to be expected. I hate that "AI" is stamped on everything these days just to sell more to gullible suckers. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, it is. I'm tired of companies pushing this garbage. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 5 days ago I don't think the tech itself is grift. I think it's a bubble like the early popularized internet, when everyone and their dog had a fly by night internet business with no way to make money except bilking investors. AI is in the same place. The tech is viable but there's no legit money making business for it yet, and once there is the bubble will pop and it will all get better, faster, cheaper in a way that makes sense for everyone. permalink parent award report block reply load 23 more comments... SupFrens 58 points 5 days ago The AI boom is like the DotCom boom. In the end, most will die, but some will remain. Grok and ChatGPT aren't going anywhere. And with the downward trend of intelligence, AI will become a necessity for future generations. permalink award report block reply deleted 42 points 5 days ago julianReyes 13 points 5 days ago So this site looks down upon anime, but there's a show that's stuck with me over the years, PSYCHO-PASS . There's a scene that's aged exceptionally well where a transhumanist cyborg (not to be confused with you know what) makes the argument that people in the setting are already cyborgs just like him, on virtue of relying on information technology hardware and software. "When you hand over so much of your life and work to digital devices, the insistence you're not a cyborg doesn't sound very convincing anymore, now, does it? "For you, all these terminals and AI programs are practically a second brain, am I right? It's said the arc of progress is the expansion of the body's functionality. That means man's history is also the history of cyberization, and vice versa." permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 12 points 5 days ago If someone on this site is looking down upon anime it's either because: They think leftwing trannies are representative of all anime fans (typically boomer retards in this camp) Or, they hate Japan and anything associated with it because Japan is putting up more of a resistance to globohomo (typically Christ-deniers in this camp) permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago No fap my dude. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago I see it as art but I also see it as cartoons and cartoons dont interest me. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago There are two main types of anime; one type is very much geared towards children or puts characters as adults that present as children and then there's anime that is very much adult (think ghost in the shell, Akira, ninja scroll). The people that hate anime mostly think in terms that anime IS my little pony or sailor moon type cartoons. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago Or these same trannies have destroyed all imported anime by changing all of the dialog to woke tranny feminist trash. permalink parent award report block reply Jaqen 1 points 4 days ago Or they just think men have higher level pursuits for work and leisure time. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LLchurch 3 points 5 days ago Psycho pass is awesome permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 0 points 5 days ago Nothing wrong with anime as long as you're a kid, but if you're an adult and still obsessed with it you're a degenerate faggot. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Bingo. permalink parent award report block reply scott31337 5 points 5 days ago Facts
I’ve witnessed it. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 4 points 5 days ago It’s a race to the bottom between AI and inbreeding permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Funnily enough Japan will be insulated because of their hatred of the internet. permalink parent award report block reply That_Which_Lurks 2 points 5 days ago This is how we make the Morlocks. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Ohh...I'm gonna start calling smoothbrain leftists 'morlocks'. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... LineInTheSand 15 points 5 days ago I don't believe in the downward trend of intelligence.  People aren't getting dumber.  We are mixing dumb populations with smart populations, instead. permalink parent award report block reply Maganifice7 7 points 5 days ago People are definitely getting dumber. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 5 days ago Welcome to Costco. I love you. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 1 points 5 days ago I like money permalink parent award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 6 points 5 days ago Unfortunately even without breeding but just existing next to each other, causes the intelligent to become dumber. So we are getting dumber permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 4 points 5 days ago People in the US might be getting dumber thanks to the public education system, but overall, the reason for the perception that humanity is getting dumber I think simply stems from the more accessible the internet has become, the easier it is for stupid people to go online and share their stupidity. Back in the 90’s and 00’s, especially before social media, the exposure to stupid people was much more limited. permalink parent award report block reply 123breadman 9 points 5 days ago The US is getting dumber from all the illegal aliens coming in permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago I see you've never worked retail. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 3 points 5 days ago Worse, I’ve worked sales permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago That's probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard someone say. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 5 days ago You haven't exactly added anything intelligent to the discussion.  I'll give you another chance.  Here's a bit more elaboration on why I think "we" aren't getting dumber. The Western world has been importing the lowest IQ people from Africa and India for decades now.  The only real metric I have seen which says "our IQ" is dropping is the overall average, which includes those low-IQ imports.  If you just measured native-born Americans, and compared today's youth to older generations, I believe the results would be similar. permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago All I needed to see was the number of people wearing masks and following arrows on the grocery store floor in 2020 to know the western world has gone full retard. There ain't no coming back. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... FrenFinder 5 points 5 days ago Grok and GPT aren't going anywhere but it is worth noting that GPT has been operating at an 8 billion dollar loss for the half of the year and continues to lose big money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago And ChatGPT is going to go bankrupt because their product is consistently getting worse and worse permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 4 points 5 days ago What do you mean training a new model on an older model because the whole internet has been polluted with slop isn't working? I know, we'll train the next model on the output from the one that we're training now! Hapsburgian-ass AI incest will be the death of it. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 2 points 5 days ago clockwork beige permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 5 points 5 days ago I have no objections with local, offline, open source AI models you have control over that you can curate datasets for yourself. But the correction is inevitable, chatbots and genAI aren't sufficient to replace good talent like the marketers are hyping up, especially when the SV bigwigs can't beat Chinese college interns' FOSS models. At best they'll pump the productivity markers to outpace wage growth yet again. Companies want to try and fire everybody so they can exploit geoarbitrage though. And with the downward trend of intelligence, AI will become a necessity for future generations. While AI is very handy for looking up advanced college-level material and helping people to accelerate learning advanced topics, that's not what it's being used for. People would rather use it to, I dunno, make Harry Potter but Harry Potter is Kim Jung Un or something. Which is cool and all but not of any real worth. permalink parent award report block reply mikejones 1 points 5 days ago AI is going to be explain it like I am five permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... QuantumBogosity 29 points 5 days ago He almost went broke shorting mortgage backed securities. It doesn't matter if you are right; if the timing is wrong you are still wrong. permalink award report block reply joggin_noggin 7 points 5 days ago The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 19 points 5 days ago Of course it's a bubble. This shit's gonna pop. It's just a question of when. Most of these companies will tank. Some will stay around, and the infrastructure they've built will be used for some cool stuff in the future. Much like the 'dot com' bubble. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 5 points 5 days ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply normalstreet 2 points 5 days ago This guy fucks, too. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 5 points 5 days ago Hopefully it will pop sooner than later. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 5 points 5 days ago Exactly what I've been saying for a long time. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 13 points 5 days ago Palantir isn't going to crash, because they get a lot of government contracts. Nvidia isn't going to fall, because the compute power of their chips is only going get more valuable over time.  Even if AI doesn't pan out, their GPUs will be used for other things.  Due to the way graphics cards work, they do multiple number crunching tasks better than a regular CPU.  Once you've written your software to work on Nvidia chips, it's going to be a hassle to port it. The ones you want to short are OpenAI, but they aren't public, no chance to short them. permalink award report block reply turdinthepunch 11 points 5 days ago Palantir posted the best quarter a saas company has ever posted in history this week. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago OpenAI will be bailed out in exchange for the government getting a large stake. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 3 points 5 days ago Or the people doing it will take the money and run, declare bankruptcy, move on the the next grift. Or they can convince someone like Google or Facebook to do a $200B buyout, bailing out the investors. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago They wont have to declare bankruptcy, OpenAI will be seen as "too big to fail" by the administration. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago Trump proposed using federal funds to buy a large stake. Same with nvidia and amd due to their national security importance permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 5 days ago Yeah China already do this. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotGames 1 points 4 days ago AI is already working out. Amazingly well at many things. Just not everything yet. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 1 points 4 days ago It's good at making Stephen Hawking meme videos.  It still fails hard for tasks that require precise thinking.  It usually can only solve problems that are in its training set somewhere, which makes it an advanced form of Google search. It can make believable-sounding text. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 12 points 5 days ago Why was Sam Altman just handed a subpoena at a live event last night? https://patriots.win/p/1ARK53KvSP/-a-man-has-just-crashed-sam-altm/c permalink award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago Moments after Altman and Kerr sat down, an unidentified man (later confirmed as a San Francisco Public Defender's Office employee) rushed the stage from a front-row seat. He approached Altman holding papers, announcing he had a subpoena to serve on behalf of "Stop AI," a non-violent activist group protesting OpenAI's development of advanced AI. Stop AI, a civil resistance organization focused on halting "artificial superintelligence" (ASI) development due to existential risks (e.g., human extinction from uncontrolled AI). They've staged repeated non-violent protests, including blocking OpenAI's SF office entrances. The subpoena compels Altman to testify in a court hearing for Stop AI activists arrested during those protests. OpenAI had called police on the demonstrators, leading to charges. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -1 points 5 days ago Why are you using ai like a fag to post. You definitely didn’t type that permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago Yea, I used AI.  I could have used Google and read through a dozen articles. What's the difference? You AI-haters are so disingenuous. Is anything in that post incorrect? permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 11 points 5 days ago so my Dust Buster won't talk to me anymore? permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 -4 points 5 days ago If you think Ai is just a chat bot you don't understand what Ai is. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 5 days ago Ai was destroyed by Joshua. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago If you think most AI is useful you don’t understand it permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 2 points 5 days ago wake me up when it stops acting like Liberace permalink parent award report block reply anotherrandomname 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, it's not a chat bot, it's a pseudo random text generator! There's a difference! lol. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago The responses to this thread are mostly people with zero clue. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... f_bastiat 9 points 5 days ago That's a lot easier to guess than the housing one, because AI doesn't physically exist, anybody can duplicate it and bring one of these big companies down pretty much overnight. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 6 points 5 days ago ^This is how clueless people talk. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 4 points 5 days ago Musk built a giant data center Tennessee between two power plants. It wasn't enough power so x bought stacks of Teslas battery banks and spacex cooling systems. He had to leverage 3 companies worth of cutting edge tech to build out the physical site, the largest, most advanced, and most specialized data center in the world. Sure you a 8bit model and run it on your gamer pc, but he's running a trillion bit model. permalink parent award report block reply f_bastiat 4 points 5 days ago It's only a matter of time. I remember paying $300 for a 23.7gb HDD about 25-30 years ago, I can now get a 24tb HDD for the same price, that's a 1000 fold improvement, and if you consider inflation it's probably a lot higher. AI is whats developing the next version of AI so it will grow exponentially and the cost will come down exponentially, and the cost of data centers will also come down. That last big data center i worked in had about 2000 tons of cooling which was 60% of the electric bill, newer hardware can run so hot you don't even need cooling just airflow, even if the ambient is 100 degrees it will still absorbed the heat. I could drone on all day about this, AI is a short term money maker, long term failure from an investment standpoint. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 3 points 5 days ago There's tremendous first mover advantage, especially for niche tools and universal ones. IPhones are a lump of crap, but they still control   massive market share. Google is a lump of crap and it nearly has a monopoly. Whoever makes the first great General Ai will win big as well as all the specialty Ais that streamline specific business operations. permalink parent award report block reply Greenhills 8 points 5 days ago He’s right. It’s vaporware. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 10 points 5 days ago This vapor ware is helping me write an extremely complex program using C#,. Net and wpf, and I probably couldn't even program a "hello world" program on my own. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 9 points 5 days ago I spent 15 years as a software engineer before retiring. I launched a product last year that I coded with help from AI. It took me 100 days. Without AI, I’d have needed a team and 18 months development time. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, but you were only able to do that because you had 15 years of experience to judge what it was spitting out and ask the right questions / give the write commands. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 5 days ago Yeah sure. I definitely couldn’t have done it without my experience. AI is a tool permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago It must be a terrible disgusting. I’ve been doing this longer and AI barely can even write tests permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago AI is a force multiplier permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 5 points 5 days ago That’s exactly why you don’t realize you’re writing shit code. You occasionally may be getting what the top answer on Stack Overflow is, but you’re also unknowingly receiving some of the worst teachings while you’re at it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 6 points 5 days ago That's not true at all. permalink parent award report block reply _fidelio 1 points 5 days ago Burry has predicted 12 of the last 2 crashes. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 8 points 5 days ago Has Nancy Pelosi dumped her Nvidia stocks?  That’s the real bellwether. permalink award report block reply julianReyes 7 points 5 days ago no duh It's nowhere near a psyop, just spend 5 seconds with modern AI and see that it's not worth jack (not that PDW will take that standing down). permalink award report block reply Psarg 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com sucked too permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 5 days ago Every piece of software you interacted with today uses AI. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Well fuck.... This could be really really bad Is anyone able to look at his position and see when he thinks the chips will fall? permalink award report block reply unotrumpcard 5 points 5 days ago Burry is not factoring in that Trump will bail these companies out. My bet is that when the AI bubble pops will see dramatic losses all over but some specific companies with CEOs who have been spending time with Trump will be fine. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 7 points 5 days ago There are two different sides of this that most of the public isn't seeing. we're seeing all of the public facing AI stuff but what we're not seeing is just how much is being developed and already used behind the scenes for national security stuff and the problem is that if you let your competitors, like China, get way way ahead of you in this field then there will be no catching up to them and the advantage they could gain from it could be astronomical AI will play a huge huge huge role in the next world war or world wide conflict and the major side that is the most advanced in that field will probably end up being the winner. The issue is all of the unknowns around all of that though. You can't just sit back assuming that's not true and then by the time you find out it is true it is far far too late permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 4 points 5 days ago I don't doubt that AI, specifically neural network algorithms, will be key in exponentially accelerating productivity. After all it's just brute force pattern recognition and empiricism, making the process of refining iterations thousands to millions of times simultaneously faster and faster, especially with quantum supercomputing. But the consumer-facing AI bandwagon is smoke and mirrors and trying to rely on AI to think for itself is idiotic. In my experiments with genAI for example I've tried getting the models to replicate a hand reveal that's very popular with vloggers. All of the models fail this very simple prompt that's frequent across social media. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago Yeah, like Bank of America did when they advised homeowners to miss payments in order to “qualify” for refinancing, subsequently foreclosing on their homes. Millions were impacted and BoA lost a class action over it, sending people measly $1,400 payments and then getting a government, tax-payer bailout. The bank not getting a bailout would mean frozen payments to millions of people and the economy falling into a depression, so they blatantly stole peoples’ homes and never saw any repercussions, while also profiting off the homes and tax payers. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 5 points 5 days ago He filed last quarter and only just now is running his mouth. He’s deep underwater on it already. This guy has been wrong way more than he was right (2008). permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 4 points 5 days ago Yeah but he was exactly the same type of being underwater before the crash in 2008 too.... Every single person that knew him accused him of being insane and lots of the people with money in his firm were threatening to sue or making the move to start getting ready to sue him when the shit hit the fan and he turned out to be exactly right, but just a little off on his timing..... Ignoring him all over again seems like making the same exact mistake twice. That's why insider trading is so obvious and should be illegal because guys like this only need to be right once or twice out of all of their market guesses over the years to make them literal boatloads of money. They are simply looking at huge amounts of numbers on sheets and watching the news and trying to guess what the markets will do down the road, so of course they're going to be wrong a lot. Judging these guys based on that is the absolute wrong way to look at it and is a complete misunderstanding of what it is they do. If he was right almost every time then that means he would be doing something fairly easy and repeatable by shitloads of other people... Also if the bubble doesn't bust because government step in and bails companies out, does that really mean he was wrong? You got to ask yourself how many times outside factors have stepped in and stopped his very real and logical predictions from coming to fruition, but only because of an outside non-standard force and not because he was actually wrong permalink parent award report block reply AfterGlow 5 points 5 days ago AI is just a big data base with a PR Department. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 9 points 5 days ago This is as equally incorrect as the people that think AI is going to replace humans. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago It's literally just an automated internet search. No matter what you ask it to do, all it does is search the internet and mash together the results. That's not "artificial intelligence". It's super google. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 7 points 5 days ago That's just scratching the surface. Take those questions further and ask it to perform analysis on the results and you're getting to some common public uses. The business uses of AI are staggering however. It turns into an English language based querying tool that can instantly compile data from disparate sources without the need for the sources to have the same references or go through any type of mapping. Every software or tech-related company utilizes AI heavily. The public uses are going to be time-saving but not life-changing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 5 days ago Like it said, it’s super google. Even when you ask it for further analysis, it’s just searching more. When you’re having it compile data sets, yep, it’s just search again. And sure, there are some applications that it makes a lot easier, absolutely. But it’s not the world changing technological breakthrough it’s being made out to be. It’s super google. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... maleitch 5 points 5 days ago Jesus you clowns really feel confident in lecturing everyone on things you have zero fcking clue about?  I would never lecture an anonymous group about nuclear engineering because I watched Chernobyl once. You must all be very young.  No that is 100% not how it works.  They are actually coding learning, something you don't have the iq to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago It’s not, an internet search can’t translate languages, or compose different lists and forms of media based on your requirements. You’re not totally wrong in downplaying its utility, but it does have pattern recognition and can use it to make its own compositions based on what it’s “learned”. Tesla autopilot isn’t doing an internet search. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago Are you kidding me? You’ve been able to auto translate languages for ages. And you’re right, it’s good for pattern recognition or repetitive slow tasks to complete manual. But THAT is what it is. It’s pattern recognition. It’s not intelligence. It’s a glorified search engine. And autopilot isn’t AI. It’s literally just programming rules for how to respond to situations. It’s not figuring it out on its own. It’s years of compiling visuals and videos and programming what and how to respond. permalink parent award report block reply Ifeargovtmorethan 0 points 5 days ago You have a lot to learn permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 5 days ago Go on, give us a use that isn't a compilation of search results, whether from the internet, a bunch of data sets you give it, or a bunch of media that you give it. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago Pr evokes some measure of restraint and a plan. Ai has hype men permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago No, that's incorrect by omission. Yes it is an indexed in memory data set, but it's also various methodologies of reforming pieces of that data into coherent responses. Both are made possible by vast amounts of compute power the latter is technology that isn't necessarily "new", but thanks to the former it is quickly evolving. permalink parent award report block reply CMDRConanAAnderson 5 points 5 days ago When they find out "muh AI takeover" was just an excuse to fire then outsource workers in the tech industry there will be jail time for higher ups. given how brazen they were, I expect some moronic DEI CEOs left a paper trail. permalink award report block reply anotherrandomname 3 points 5 days ago there will be jail time for higher ups. lol lmao Our "betters" never face real consequences. permalink parent award report block reply heightnoise 5 points 5 days ago Those two in particular, absolutely. Their funding streams have become too incestuous. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, their revenue diagram is a circle permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 4 points 5 days ago Personally, I question all of the investment and infrastructure for this generation's AI when quantum computing is just OTH. There's tons of startups with operating prototypes including Google, which is already using DeepThink with their quantum computing machine. A single Quantum machine will make a warehouse with 10,000 AI GPU servers obsolete overnight. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 2 points 5 days ago Funny, I hear quantum computing is basically a useless scam. permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 3 points 5 days ago My understanding is it is working. The issue is stability and error correction. They can turn it on for a few minutes, do a calculation, and shut it off because it's too unstable to run longer than that. From Gemini: Google Quantum AI The Google Quantum AI team focuses on building fault-tolerant quantum computers. They have made significant progress. Key achievements include: "Willow" Chip: This quantum chip is designed to reduce errors exponentially as it scales up. This is a breakthrough in quantum error correction. "Quantum Echoes" Algorithm: This new algorithm runs on the Willow chip. It has demonstrated a "verifiable quantum advantage." It performs a specific computation 13,000 times faster than the most sophisticated classical supercomputers. This algorithm is inspired by sonar. It has potential applications in drug discovery and materials science by modeling molecular structures. Quantum Supremacy: In 2019, Google's "Sycamore" processor performed a calculation in 200 seconds. It would have taken a supercomputer an estimated 10,000 years to do the same calculation. permalink parent award report block reply SilverBackTrump 4 points 5 days ago Burry has called 3 bubbles every year for the last 2 decades permalink award report block reply Sup_squidy 3 points 5 days ago He’s predicted 86 of the last 2 recessions stonks go burrrrr this guys a joke permalink award report block reply Wascally 3 points 5 days ago What is being called AI ain't AI. It's next generation dynamic scripting with hands on a "wheel" controlling the narrative. It's being used to slap a new label on old "apps" to be sold as "AI App" to the current generations that are "app fatigued". It's the new bubble that's going to "pop" a lot sooner than most bubbles. We will not have real AI until we return to analog computing - more specifically Bio Electro Synaptic Analog Computing.  Analog is 100% real time, Digital is near real time but never 100% real time and cannot be 100% real time. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 3 points 5 days ago Thanks for letting us know you are clueless. While there is no real intelligence behind ai, it is still a very useful tool. If you have never used it to write a program to do exactly what you need, you will never understand how useful this is. Every time I run into a problem in my computer work that used to either cost me time or money, I now use Ai to wite me a program that does exactly what I need. Everything from extracting and consolidation urls from a bunch of documents and displaying them as links so I can just click them to launch them, to a very complex text editor to help me work out my thoughts and ideas in a way that works well with my scatterbrain thought process and increases my productivity. permalink parent award report block reply Wascally 3 points 5 days ago Seriously, read what you just posted. You literally just told hundreds, thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands that you are: unskilled unmotivated undisciplined lazy unorganized unproductive You may as well just erase your brain - sign a letter authorizing it as an organ donor for a Cylon clone production plant . . . . . . and hit the off switch. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 5 days ago What you're talking about is artificial consciousness, not artificial intelligence. permalink parent award report block reply dankai420 3 points 5 days ago He's always early, it will pop but it will take a while, a year at least. The US needs to print money to feed the AI bubble or China wins the AI race and we're going to be eating crickets while they eat the steak. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 3 points 5 days ago I think Ai is going to mimic the early internet. Everyone and their brother are going to create ai everything and then eventually most of those companies are going to fail, once the newness wears off. Ai isn't going to die or vanish, just the wow factor. Eventually it will just be another thing we use, like the internet or a smart phone. Of course it will also have the down side of being exploited by the government, like the internet or a smart phone. Ai is a useful tool, but it is not smart, and it has no real intelligence. permalink award report block reply ERIC_CIARAMELLA 3 points 5 days ago It will pop.  I'm a level 3 engineer.  I'm doing my best to delay the AI slop from my company and so far I haven't received too much pushback. But what I foresee in other organizations is we're going to be a society of bullet points without the nuance of the inbetween, much worse than what us corpos already experience.  It is best we refrain from allowing it. Nuance is key to success and leadership.  Remember that. permalink award report block reply JanOctSept 3 points 5 days ago It’s too resource hungry and starts learning from other ai brainrot to its detriment. Basically instead of getting Skynet, we got a dog that keeps eating its own vomit so much that it starves to death. permalink award report block reply awsure 3 points 5 days ago I’d listen to that guy… permalink award report block reply QuantumBogosity 9 points 5 days ago I wouldn't. If you are going to make money shorting something you need to be correct on both timing and direction and the market can be retarded longer than you can be solvent. He almost went broke betting against mortgage backed securities; he was too early. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, I wouldn't say he got lucky once but he actually botched what he did and should've made waaaaaay more. Still he is well-versed but also not has much of a prophet as people pretend he is. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 2 points 5 days ago He wasn't too early, the banks propped up  and delayed their position so they could sell higher then their junk was worth. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 3 points 5 days ago lol go ahead and pull his track record. If memory serves he’s 1-6. And his 1 was nearly a disaster for him. permalink parent award report block reply cook_does 2 points 5 days ago I am all in on a bust, however, it will be at the doorstep of a better iteration of AI. permalink award report block reply BigBadLeo 2 points 5 days ago What ever draw downs occur due to any perceived bubble will be offset by most other companies achieving increased efficiency and profitability by implementing AI tools.  So, in the long term it will be a wash, and the market will continue it's march upward. permalink award report block reply PartisanHack 2 points 5 days ago You know, a short position on nVidia would net a LOT of money. permalink award report block reply BarneyFrank 2 points 5 days ago The next major market move is down and a lot of heat will come out of these AI players but that doesn’t necessarily mean that these still aren’t great long term bets. permalink award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago What's stopping them from all reaching the upper limit of what AI can do, then bidding their prices down to zero? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Because that is like people in the 70s saying that video games are a bubble. There effectively isn't a ceiling. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Having a revolutionary product doesn't guarantee making money.  What unique things are AI companies doing that no one will ever copy? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Thats the bubble part. "AI companies" isn't a real thing. OpenAI, ChatGPT, Copilot, Grok are all programs that larger companies developed. I guess Elon's xAI company is arguable, but that's part of the larger conglomerate. Almost every tech company is using AI to augment their existing technology.  Some of it is built in-house, some are leveraging the existing AI technology. permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 2 points 5 days ago It won't pop until openAI has its IOP.  They're looking for a huge payout at the end of this bubble.   Except the bubble to pop less than 6 months after openAI ipo. permalink award report block reply BibleProphecyFulfill 1 points 5 days ago Everyone can see that the AI bubble rhymes with the dotcom bubble. There's a lot of money tied up in junk AI companies. permalink award report block reply Suture_Self 1 points 5 days ago This guy was famously right one time, and wrong a whole bunch of other times. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago bought $187.6 million in puts on Nvidia and $912 million in puts on Palantir, Obviously blind puts on Palantir but are they covered puts on Nvidia or blind? Huge difference. permalink award report block reply solarsavior 1 points 5 days ago Yup.  We're at peak hype in the Gartner hype cycle for AI. Best I could do. https://www.pasqal.com/resources/new-gartner-hype-cycle-for-ai-report-2025/ permalink award report block reply NeverTwitterer 1 points 5 days ago The AI bubble pop will be nothing like DotCom crash. The big players, companies like Google and Microsoft aren't going to dissapear over this. Chipmakers and AI only startups will crash and burn, but that isn't a big enough blast radius to take out the broader economy. Yes, stocks will crash, but we aren't talking '08 here. The grift goes away and the actual useful stuff will remain and be built upon. permalink award report block reply ErnstJunger 1 points 5 days ago Everyone knows it. But when? permalink award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago This is almost a certainty.  I wish I had cash to short that slop, too. permalink award report block reply Yignuced 1 points 5 days ago I’m ready permalink award report block reply Steve1 1 points 5 days ago Pets.com … Pets.A.I. - valuation 100 Billion sales $50 bucks permalink award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 5 days ago This when we get a peak behind the curtain and find out Ai is really Indian call centers permalink award report block reply 123breadman 1 points 5 days ago Thank you. Waiting for schizoids on this site to start belching how AI is taking over everything. How AI can't clean a toilet or other jobs illegals can do, but it can easily be your doctor and prescribe drugs with zero plausible issues. permalink award report block reply VienneseSunrise 1 points 5 days ago New tech ALWAYS does this. R&D Proof of concept Initial release Wide scale adoption Hype and excitement <---- YOU ARE HERE Limitations of new tech identified Bubble bursts Long term assimilation of new technology Previous examples: Video game bust of the early 80s DotCom bubble of the late 90s/00s Blackberrys permalink award report block reply Rey_ 1 points 5 days ago If you believe he's right sell everything and make the same bet... I bet you won't. permalink award report block reply Krat 1 points 5 days ago Shit, i'd probably make that bet too if I could permalink award report block reply yurimodin 1 points 5 days ago Please, our electric bills need relief 🙏 permalink award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 1 points 5 days ago The entire market is due for a top and serious correction. Be ready. permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 5 days ago Bookmarked permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 5 days ago There’s real money in AI but a lot of the big money is driven by technical trends not long term investors. You don’t know where the bubble will pop or how big it is. Invest in companies that will do well long term and when the bubble pops use it as an opportunity to buy more. If you didn’t overpay for your investment you’ll make money still. permalink award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 5 days ago So how do I make money off of this? permalink award report block reply yurimodin 1 points 5 days ago Ask ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It obviously will. Too many companies are jumping in trying to make it do things it’s not capable of with the current technology. Same thing happened with the dotcom bubble. A lot of companies are going under or bought by the couple of companies that do it right. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 4 days ago This is looking more and more alike a globohomo attempted crash of the stock market... permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 5 days ago Good permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 1 points 5 days ago There's a bubble. Especially with all the offshoots once you achieve AGI. Secondly this is an industry the military has greenlit for an undefined amount of time. That being said AI in America will continue at a breakneck speed (the goal is to be first) and in 30 years your life will be defined by which operating system AI your community uses, not state/country borders. AI has the capability of shifting society the same way cars/planes have done. It also may be the end of all of us. permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 1 points 5 days ago AI is proving to be quite powerful and useful, sorry.  Cutting jobs and using computers is a huge incentive for companies to keep investing. permalink award report block reply AgnesDomini 1 points 5 days ago No neighborhood wants their electric rates to skyrocket and the local water supply to be diverted to the A.I. processing plants. They vote against the development at their town halls. permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago Can't wait for the next movie featuring this bet permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago AI isn't going away, though. It's just going to wane in popularity as the functionality just gets woven into search engines and it consolidates down. The use of AI as separate and distinct technological entities is going to disappear and it's going to become as common as social media soon. permalink award report block reply mikejones 1 points 5 days ago Bitcoin floating around $100,000 and ETH looking weak. I don't doubt the world would love to ultra rekt us and blame Trump. permalink award report block reply cryptoapebot 1 points 5 days ago Three years too early, but sure. permalink award report block reply SkullE 1 points 5 days ago AI needs to make more money than it uses in electricity and data centers. So far it has not even come close. permalink award report block reply Shayhawk 1 points 5 days ago Idiocracy was prophecy... permalink award report block reply rileyper 1 points 5 days ago I'm getting conflicting information cause Jim Cramer says to ditch AI investments. permalink award report block reply flp999 1 points 5 days ago Based. Drive them into the fucking dirt. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago Its a good bet permalink award report block reply quiznossucks 1 points 5 days ago But Jim (right all the time) Kramer says different 😆😆😆😆😆😆 permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Yes, there is an AI bubble.  Its not Nvidia or Palantir. permalink award report block reply krepoisbest 1 points 5 days ago Which would be bad for crypto too btw. Be careful permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 5 days ago Good bet.  The AI hype is completely retarded.  Large language models are just predictive conversation continuation machines.  They read a lot of human conversations and build a model to be able to add words to partial conversations in ways that superficially match what the human conversations did.  It has zero understanding of the content.  Which you can easily see by devising a question that the engine will have never seen any conversation about. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 5 days ago I think people need to understand that AI isn't what they are hedging. This push is to power through the crazies. AI is literally about getting rid of woke while at the same time gaslighting everybody. The global elite turned the world into a competition for who can be the most subversive using bullshit like climate change and race politics. AI is a sledgehammer to break out of it. permalink award report block reply julianReyes 1 points 5 days ago AI is all about enforcing the narrative with the breakdown of legacy media, wtf are you talking about? Take a look at Grok 4. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago I'm not saying AI won't be woke. You have to understand woke isn't an ideology to faggots like Larry Fink. It's a tool for control. The amount of money flowing into it is intended to break through that control. It's forcing people to do practical things that woke wouldn't've allowed. So it's not AI that represents that. It's just a blunt instrument people are using to crack through the stranglehold. That doesn't mean it will be a better thing. So it's not an enforcement of legacy media or a conjuring up a new version with the same people at the levers. It's other people trying to get that control. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 5 days ago Fuck no, these language models shove out gibberish in favor of those retarded woke views. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago Of course they do. I'm just not explaining it well enough. Woke is just a tool of control. It's just a different version and the people who want woke for that control will try to use AI in that way but that's not why all the money is flooding in. Old guards don't use new tools. They try to turn the new tools into the old methods of control. permalink parent award report block reply maleitch -1 points 5 days ago The majority of the posters on here have ZERO technical background to be discussing AI and are the people that will be immediately replaced by AI With my dated system development experience and zero smartphone development experience AI developed for me a fully functioning apk I installed on my phone in under two hours with the exact features I wanted.  Two hours! Just because you use AI to make cat videos doesn't mean you have the background to be discussing AI. The same necks whining about AI are the same ones who bag on crypto while clinging to boomer fairy tales like 401ks. permalink award report block reply julianReyes 2 points 5 days ago Not that impressive, it just scraped a bunch of data from beginner programming textbooks. who bag on crypto while clinging to boomer fairy tales like 401ks Yeah, you're a moron. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago If you don't think AI is impressive, you have no idea how its being used. permalink parent award report block reply maleitch 1 points 5 days ago And how the fuck does anyone learn anything?  Let me guess, you were just born brilliant and didn't have to "scrape" knowledge from books. So you just admitted that AI by "scraping" books to learn how to program is just right there accomplishing something 90% of the fucking humans on this planet would never be able to do. And yeah, keep feeding your 401Ks like your daddy told you to so you might "retire" with 8% gains.  You think anyone on wall street invests in 401Ks for their money? Yeah, I am the moron.  Fucking childish clown. permalink parent award report block reply Maganifice7 1 points 5 days ago Ai is very useful for programming. Crypto isn't currency, it's a stock based on nothing. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago AI is very useful for trash programming ftfy permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 5 days ago Only if you don't know how to use AI. Seen similar arguments against every previous type of programming tool and language. Its ignorance to blame a tool. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago its not a tool when all it does is make you dumber it cant do anything for me because i do things for myself and learn the correct way permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... maleitch 1 points 5 days ago I have AI create me multiple useful apps, and the internet is full of videos showing the same. Like most on here, you don't know what the fuck your are talking about, but like arrogant little leftists you feel the need to chime in on things you have little background in because mommy said you were the smartest kid in kindergarten once. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 days ago i know how to code, i dont need shit code generator permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 5 days ago ZERO technical background to be discussing AI and are the people that will be immediately replaced by AI The people with zero technical background here mostly are unemployed losers or do a job with a physical component. permalink parent award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
Crucible 128 points 5 days ago This has been the top story on Zero Hedge all week. That's why Sam Altman is looking for government handouts. AI is a grift. permalink award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 44 points 5 days ago that guy is seriously creepy/unsettling. is he human or what? him, zuckerbot, wtf is going on? DARPA must be putting androids in charge of their carve-outs. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 50 points 5 days ago What does Sam Altman know about the mysterious death of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KmpT-BoVf4 permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 18 points 5 days ago thank you very much for sharing this! First time I've seen it and wow, Altman appears incredibly guilty!! permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 17 points 5 days ago Tucker interviewed Poornima Ramarao, Suchir's mother, and the interview lead me to believe Suchir was murdered.  Tucker published the interview on Jan. 15 2025 if you want to listen.  Its tough  to get through :/ permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... julianReyes 12 points 5 days ago have you not taken a look at silicon valley jesus fuck a whole lot of you guys live on the same coast as them and yet you guys are unaware of naval ravikant a silicon valley indian who owns angellist and a bunch of other crap permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 12 points 5 days ago Maybe actually state what's significant about Naval. I know of him but not about him. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 5 days ago I've known a few tech people who reccoment rejecting the tech valley funding investor scheme. They say it's guaranteed to loose your company to faceless investors who take the idea, exaggurate promise to investors, stack the company with their own people. the founder loses control, looses knowledge of what the code is doing and commercial contracts. is eventually sidelined and forced out. might make some $  in short term, but less than long term otherwise. plus they are bundled with the legacy fallout. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Na, he's just an introvert eccentric dude who is very awkward in social settings like a very large chunk of people are. His name would have never been known if not for the stuff in 2007 and 8 and I'm sure he will have preferred to keep it that way, but when you end up making the market prediction of a generation and it comes true, that's definitely going to get your name out there lol I think he's most happy at home by himself buried in math and numbers and trying to guess what the markets will do next permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 10 points 5 days ago Being an introvert doesn't have to make you creepy, but being a Christ-denier probably will (which Altman is) permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You're both talking about different people. He's talking about Michael Burry, you're talking about Sam Altman. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 8 points 5 days ago Just a big investor in Reddit accused by his sister of molesting her. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 4 points 5 days ago We're not going down the Believe All Women trap again. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago oh no sorry, tbc, I'm talking about Altman not Burry. I'm very familiar with the latter! permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 5 days ago fun fact about him he went to medical school and and has a medical degree in neurology. Despite never having practiced he is still a fully licensed physician who has been keeping up with the continuing education requirements. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago I pick up more  than being socially awkward. Time will tell permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 6 points 5 days ago Him and Zuck are members of the same tribe permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 5 days ago 'psychopathy' , non existent soul , consideration for others , empathy.  At any given time , humanity has around 5% of it's total as psychopaths.........maybe it's an evolutionary thing but I can't help thinking we could do without them permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Maybe, maybe not.  A lot of successful CEO's are likely psychopaths.  The evolutionary advantage to a tribe leader being able to make decisions about survival at all costs is obvious.  It's not all that different from running a company. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 5 days ago yep, I worked in psych care for decades ......there are the serial killer type at one extreme and then there are the big business / corp types who are high achievers as they care not about who they step on permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Formerlurker92 13 points 5 days ago I wonder what the "pets.com" version of this bubble will be. A company so vapid and overextended it exposes the grift to the world permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 8 points 5 days ago Honestly the two that Burry's targeting are probably the best fits for what you're describing. Valuations are at 'pants-on-head' levels of regarded, right now. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Who did he short? And I wonder what timeline he's thinking based on his positions permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 5 days ago NVDA and PLTR. I'm sure this is a short-term (ie. <12mos.) strategy, playing the ultra-high beta+ultra-premium tech names which are 'castles built by the shore' in terms of forward projections. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... posedgeclk 6 points 5 days ago chewy.com is pretty successful a few decades later... permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 16 points 5 days ago Yes, but pets.com was the grim reaper of the bubble. No products, no revenue, no customers, and they managed to get investor money for a superbowl ad. People started asking questions no one could answer, and valuations tanked. That is a different beast than chewy. The fact they are in the same market is irrelevant, one is serving a market - the other was laundering money permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 5 days ago wow I don't recall this but being an entreprenuer in the pet industry plus a big time tech nerdy, I'm deep diving into this. Sounds fun! permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Their free shipping and discount on subscribing for your order is really nice for shit like my cat litter that I can't find at most stores other than Publix and I don't shop at Publix permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 5 days ago Great for bird seed and suet too.  I've got several feeders with specific types of food that can disappear from store shelves suddenly.  Once the birds establish a community dependent on your feeders or plants its very important to maintain the supply of food they've grown their community to rely upon. permalink parent award report block reply LaVaughnRobinson 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com hah how about MicroStrategy.  That con artist Michael Saylor was at the helm back then and is still at it, fraud is right up his alley.  They were one of the leading headlines back then right before it burst when their shit tanked 50% in one day. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 0 points 5 days ago Yer an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply envywrath 3 points 5 days ago It's going to be China unveiling a version of deepseek that is more powerful than chatgpt while still maintaining its (I kid you not) 1/60th of the cost of gpt permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 4 points 5 days ago Actually or just communist accounting? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Between wages, data center costs, and electrical costs... It's believable. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... envywrath 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz -1 points 5 days ago probably Grok. It's not very useful as part of X, most people dislike it "Grok, is this true?" and it's one of the bigger hallucinators in terms of AI permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It’s the most accurate. Leagues beyond chatgpt permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 8 points 5 days ago I think AI will be a big factor in the future, but am skeptical of the government helping companies in the name of things like "national security." permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 10 points 5 days ago AI isn't going away, nor is it NEW. The wave of "muh AIs" is going to subside and the customer demand for it will taper off. LLM AI is frustrating, all of them, because it's really just a souped up search engine. If you've ever tried to use it to do something complicated, it makes big errors and omissions and sometimes it  just plain hallucinates. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 5 points 5 days ago It's not new at all, just moving at a faster pace than before and getting more hype. I've found it useful for some things but not others. When it comes to customer service it still sucks...companies are always in such a rush in this country to turn customer service into shit. permalink parent award report block reply bantar 4 points 5 days ago It's a wonderful search engine as it saves me from having to hit up 12 different sites to find what I'm looking for. With complicated (actually simple) tasks, it can't be trusted as it makes things up, misses obvious data and is sloppy as hell. Last week, parse these pdf files and give me data from embedded tables.   I had to review every document manually to correct the output due to errors and omissions.  Sigh.  It didn't make my life easier. But, boy howdy, it is a great grammar checker.  It's a great learning tool (teach me about <whatever>), because you can ask it stupid questions all day long without ridicule until you catch on. Lastly, you'll never starve for Commie propaganda.  Not only will it feed you, it will stuff it down your throat as well. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 5 days ago I had this scenario where I was trying to find out the incidence of something based on location, so within locations incidents would be consolidated by similar characteristics. The task was for ChatGPT to come up with a total of incidents and then to organize the incidents by location and characteristics. It could not do it. I kept whacking and whacking at it and it kept returning bad data and then apologizing when I pointed out the mistakes. This was something I could have done on a whiteboard in less than half an hour and been pretty sure it was correct but ChatGPT couldn't do it. Eventually it refused to try and said it couldn't reach the code executor anymore. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago I hate that word.  It's not 'hallucinating'.  Its just regurgitating the wrong reddit post. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago That’s just a term. permalink parent award report block reply DJTXLV 2 points 5 days ago Yep. I’m using it right now at work to build a whole process for a small team that’s built on excel, power apps and power automate. I don’t know shit about the last 2, and since this isn’t a project that is “doing the needful” for revenue, I’m left to figure it out on my own. I’ve been using ChatGPT to walk me through the steps, and it only gets you so far until it starts hallucinating hard and essentially ruins the last 20 steps done. It’s a glorified search engine. Nothing more. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 5 days ago It has great time saving uses. It's great to be able to take a transcript of a meeting and have it summarize it for you. Stuff like that is wonderful. I haven't seen much that's been ground breaking though. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 5 days ago That can be quite hit or miss. It's a pretty big risk if you are counting on accuracy. For code generation, I've seen it write some good code - then you give it a note to update and it mysteriously just deletes part of the code that was working, introducing a breaking change. Then when you try to get that part back, something else goes away. For things like creating recipes, I've seen it describe certain parts of the recipe and then swap steps and ingredients. If you try to get it back, it gives you different results. Some weird shit. For things like summarizing a video, sometimes it straight up just hallucinates things that aren't even in the video. Other times I've been working with it and it just refuses to return a response, just keeps asking "clarifying" questions over and over. When you question it and ask why it's doing that, it finally admits that it's just stalling you because the code execution engine is down or unavailable or something. So bottom line, it's got some big problems. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... load 5 more comments... julianReyes 9 points 5 days ago AI is only good for artificially inflating the stock market and the crash will be rough. I think SV is on the end of its rope since software fad after software fad is crashing. Maybe they'll pivot to robotics with the Neo trojan horse? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 11 points 5 days ago AI is 100% marketing right now. It's all just software with more refined algorithms which is to be expected. I hate that "AI" is stamped on everything these days just to sell more to gullible suckers. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, it is. I'm tired of companies pushing this garbage. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 5 days ago I don't think the tech itself is grift. I think it's a bubble like the early popularized internet, when everyone and their dog had a fly by night internet business with no way to make money except bilking investors. AI is in the same place. The tech is viable but there's no legit money making business for it yet, and once there is the bubble will pop and it will all get better, faster, cheaper in a way that makes sense for everyone. permalink parent award report block reply load 23 more comments...
PROCIsAsshoe 44 points 5 days ago that guy is seriously creepy/unsettling. is he human or what? him, zuckerbot, wtf is going on? DARPA must be putting androids in charge of their carve-outs. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 50 points 5 days ago What does Sam Altman know about the mysterious death of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KmpT-BoVf4 permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 18 points 5 days ago thank you very much for sharing this! First time I've seen it and wow, Altman appears incredibly guilty!! permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 17 points 5 days ago Tucker interviewed Poornima Ramarao, Suchir's mother, and the interview lead me to believe Suchir was murdered.  Tucker published the interview on Jan. 15 2025 if you want to listen.  Its tough  to get through :/ permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... julianReyes 12 points 5 days ago have you not taken a look at silicon valley jesus fuck a whole lot of you guys live on the same coast as them and yet you guys are unaware of naval ravikant a silicon valley indian who owns angellist and a bunch of other crap permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 12 points 5 days ago Maybe actually state what's significant about Naval. I know of him but not about him. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 5 days ago I've known a few tech people who reccoment rejecting the tech valley funding investor scheme. They say it's guaranteed to loose your company to faceless investors who take the idea, exaggurate promise to investors, stack the company with their own people. the founder loses control, looses knowledge of what the code is doing and commercial contracts. is eventually sidelined and forced out. might make some $  in short term, but less than long term otherwise. plus they are bundled with the legacy fallout. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Na, he's just an introvert eccentric dude who is very awkward in social settings like a very large chunk of people are. His name would have never been known if not for the stuff in 2007 and 8 and I'm sure he will have preferred to keep it that way, but when you end up making the market prediction of a generation and it comes true, that's definitely going to get your name out there lol I think he's most happy at home by himself buried in math and numbers and trying to guess what the markets will do next permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 10 points 5 days ago Being an introvert doesn't have to make you creepy, but being a Christ-denier probably will (which Altman is) permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You're both talking about different people. He's talking about Michael Burry, you're talking about Sam Altman. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 8 points 5 days ago Just a big investor in Reddit accused by his sister of molesting her. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 4 points 5 days ago We're not going down the Believe All Women trap again. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago oh no sorry, tbc, I'm talking about Altman not Burry. I'm very familiar with the latter! permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 5 days ago fun fact about him he went to medical school and and has a medical degree in neurology. Despite never having practiced he is still a fully licensed physician who has been keeping up with the continuing education requirements. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago I pick up more  than being socially awkward. Time will tell permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 6 points 5 days ago Him and Zuck are members of the same tribe permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 5 days ago 'psychopathy' , non existent soul , consideration for others , empathy.  At any given time , humanity has around 5% of it's total as psychopaths.........maybe it's an evolutionary thing but I can't help thinking we could do without them permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Maybe, maybe not.  A lot of successful CEO's are likely psychopaths.  The evolutionary advantage to a tribe leader being able to make decisions about survival at all costs is obvious.  It's not all that different from running a company. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 5 days ago yep, I worked in psych care for decades ......there are the serial killer type at one extreme and then there are the big business / corp types who are high achievers as they care not about who they step on permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
TheRedPilledArtist 50 points 5 days ago What does Sam Altman know about the mysterious death of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KmpT-BoVf4 permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 18 points 5 days ago thank you very much for sharing this! First time I've seen it and wow, Altman appears incredibly guilty!! permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 17 points 5 days ago Tucker interviewed Poornima Ramarao, Suchir's mother, and the interview lead me to believe Suchir was murdered.  Tucker published the interview on Jan. 15 2025 if you want to listen.  Its tough  to get through :/ permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
PROCIsAsshoe 18 points 5 days ago thank you very much for sharing this! First time I've seen it and wow, Altman appears incredibly guilty!! permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 17 points 5 days ago Tucker interviewed Poornima Ramarao, Suchir's mother, and the interview lead me to believe Suchir was murdered.  Tucker published the interview on Jan. 15 2025 if you want to listen.  Its tough  to get through :/ permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Simple_Doot 17 points 5 days ago Tucker interviewed Poornima Ramarao, Suchir's mother, and the interview lead me to believe Suchir was murdered.  Tucker published the interview on Jan. 15 2025 if you want to listen.  Its tough  to get through :/ permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
julianReyes 12 points 5 days ago have you not taken a look at silicon valley jesus fuck a whole lot of you guys live on the same coast as them and yet you guys are unaware of naval ravikant a silicon valley indian who owns angellist and a bunch of other crap permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 12 points 5 days ago Maybe actually state what's significant about Naval. I know of him but not about him. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 5 days ago I've known a few tech people who reccoment rejecting the tech valley funding investor scheme. They say it's guaranteed to loose your company to faceless investors who take the idea, exaggurate promise to investors, stack the company with their own people. the founder loses control, looses knowledge of what the code is doing and commercial contracts. is eventually sidelined and forced out. might make some $  in short term, but less than long term otherwise. plus they are bundled with the legacy fallout. permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 12 points 5 days ago Maybe actually state what's significant about Naval. I know of him but not about him. permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriot 5 points 5 days ago I've known a few tech people who reccoment rejecting the tech valley funding investor scheme. They say it's guaranteed to loose your company to faceless investors who take the idea, exaggurate promise to investors, stack the company with their own people. the founder loses control, looses knowledge of what the code is doing and commercial contracts. is eventually sidelined and forced out. might make some $  in short term, but less than long term otherwise. plus they are bundled with the legacy fallout. permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Na, he's just an introvert eccentric dude who is very awkward in social settings like a very large chunk of people are. His name would have never been known if not for the stuff in 2007 and 8 and I'm sure he will have preferred to keep it that way, but when you end up making the market prediction of a generation and it comes true, that's definitely going to get your name out there lol I think he's most happy at home by himself buried in math and numbers and trying to guess what the markets will do next permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 10 points 5 days ago Being an introvert doesn't have to make you creepy, but being a Christ-denier probably will (which Altman is) permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You're both talking about different people. He's talking about Michael Burry, you're talking about Sam Altman. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 8 points 5 days ago Just a big investor in Reddit accused by his sister of molesting her. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 4 points 5 days ago We're not going down the Believe All Women trap again. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago oh no sorry, tbc, I'm talking about Altman not Burry. I'm very familiar with the latter! permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 5 days ago fun fact about him he went to medical school and and has a medical degree in neurology. Despite never having practiced he is still a fully licensed physician who has been keeping up with the continuing education requirements. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago I pick up more  than being socially awkward. Time will tell permalink parent award report block reply
staroframphansbhole 10 points 5 days ago Being an introvert doesn't have to make you creepy, but being a Christ-denier probably will (which Altman is) permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You're both talking about different people. He's talking about Michael Burry, you're talking about Sam Altman. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You're both talking about different people. He's talking about Michael Burry, you're talking about Sam Altman. permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 8 points 5 days ago Just a big investor in Reddit accused by his sister of molesting her. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 4 points 5 days ago We're not going down the Believe All Women trap again. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
MediaBro 4 points 5 days ago We're not going down the Believe All Women trap again. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago oh no sorry, tbc, I'm talking about Altman not Burry. I'm very familiar with the latter! permalink parent award report block reply
Valiazaner 2 points 5 days ago fun fact about him he went to medical school and and has a medical degree in neurology. Despite never having practiced he is still a fully licensed physician who has been keeping up with the continuing education requirements. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago I pick up more  than being socially awkward. Time will tell permalink parent award report block reply
staroframphansbhole 6 points 5 days ago Him and Zuck are members of the same tribe permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 3 points 5 days ago 'psychopathy' , non existent soul , consideration for others , empathy.  At any given time , humanity has around 5% of it's total as psychopaths.........maybe it's an evolutionary thing but I can't help thinking we could do without them permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Maybe, maybe not.  A lot of successful CEO's are likely psychopaths.  The evolutionary advantage to a tribe leader being able to make decisions about survival at all costs is obvious.  It's not all that different from running a company. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 5 days ago yep, I worked in psych care for decades ......there are the serial killer type at one extreme and then there are the big business / corp types who are high achievers as they care not about who they step on permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Maybe, maybe not.  A lot of successful CEO's are likely psychopaths.  The evolutionary advantage to a tribe leader being able to make decisions about survival at all costs is obvious.  It's not all that different from running a company. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 5 days ago yep, I worked in psych care for decades ......there are the serial killer type at one extreme and then there are the big business / corp types who are high achievers as they care not about who they step on permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 2 points 5 days ago yep, I worked in psych care for decades ......there are the serial killer type at one extreme and then there are the big business / corp types who are high achievers as they care not about who they step on permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 13 points 5 days ago I wonder what the "pets.com" version of this bubble will be. A company so vapid and overextended it exposes the grift to the world permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 8 points 5 days ago Honestly the two that Burry's targeting are probably the best fits for what you're describing. Valuations are at 'pants-on-head' levels of regarded, right now. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Who did he short? And I wonder what timeline he's thinking based on his positions permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 5 days ago NVDA and PLTR. I'm sure this is a short-term (ie. <12mos.) strategy, playing the ultra-high beta+ultra-premium tech names which are 'castles built by the shore' in terms of forward projections. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... posedgeclk 6 points 5 days ago chewy.com is pretty successful a few decades later... permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 16 points 5 days ago Yes, but pets.com was the grim reaper of the bubble. No products, no revenue, no customers, and they managed to get investor money for a superbowl ad. People started asking questions no one could answer, and valuations tanked. That is a different beast than chewy. The fact they are in the same market is irrelevant, one is serving a market - the other was laundering money permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 5 days ago wow I don't recall this but being an entreprenuer in the pet industry plus a big time tech nerdy, I'm deep diving into this. Sounds fun! permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Their free shipping and discount on subscribing for your order is really nice for shit like my cat litter that I can't find at most stores other than Publix and I don't shop at Publix permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 5 days ago Great for bird seed and suet too.  I've got several feeders with specific types of food that can disappear from store shelves suddenly.  Once the birds establish a community dependent on your feeders or plants its very important to maintain the supply of food they've grown their community to rely upon. permalink parent award report block reply LaVaughnRobinson 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com hah how about MicroStrategy.  That con artist Michael Saylor was at the helm back then and is still at it, fraud is right up his alley.  They were one of the leading headlines back then right before it burst when their shit tanked 50% in one day. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 0 points 5 days ago Yer an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply envywrath 3 points 5 days ago It's going to be China unveiling a version of deepseek that is more powerful than chatgpt while still maintaining its (I kid you not) 1/60th of the cost of gpt permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 4 points 5 days ago Actually or just communist accounting? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Between wages, data center costs, and electrical costs... It's believable. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... envywrath 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz -1 points 5 days ago probably Grok. It's not very useful as part of X, most people dislike it "Grok, is this true?" and it's one of the bigger hallucinators in terms of AI permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It’s the most accurate. Leagues beyond chatgpt permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 8 points 5 days ago Honestly the two that Burry's targeting are probably the best fits for what you're describing. Valuations are at 'pants-on-head' levels of regarded, right now. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Who did he short? And I wonder what timeline he's thinking based on his positions permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 5 days ago NVDA and PLTR. I'm sure this is a short-term (ie. <12mos.) strategy, playing the ultra-high beta+ultra-premium tech names which are 'castles built by the shore' in terms of forward projections. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Who did he short? And I wonder what timeline he's thinking based on his positions permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 5 days ago NVDA and PLTR. I'm sure this is a short-term (ie. <12mos.) strategy, playing the ultra-high beta+ultra-premium tech names which are 'castles built by the shore' in terms of forward projections. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 5 days ago NVDA and PLTR. I'm sure this is a short-term (ie. <12mos.) strategy, playing the ultra-high beta+ultra-premium tech names which are 'castles built by the shore' in terms of forward projections. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
posedgeclk 6 points 5 days ago chewy.com is pretty successful a few decades later... permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 16 points 5 days ago Yes, but pets.com was the grim reaper of the bubble. No products, no revenue, no customers, and they managed to get investor money for a superbowl ad. People started asking questions no one could answer, and valuations tanked. That is a different beast than chewy. The fact they are in the same market is irrelevant, one is serving a market - the other was laundering money permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 5 days ago wow I don't recall this but being an entreprenuer in the pet industry plus a big time tech nerdy, I'm deep diving into this. Sounds fun! permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Their free shipping and discount on subscribing for your order is really nice for shit like my cat litter that I can't find at most stores other than Publix and I don't shop at Publix permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 5 days ago Great for bird seed and suet too.  I've got several feeders with specific types of food that can disappear from store shelves suddenly.  Once the birds establish a community dependent on your feeders or plants its very important to maintain the supply of food they've grown their community to rely upon. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 16 points 5 days ago Yes, but pets.com was the grim reaper of the bubble. No products, no revenue, no customers, and they managed to get investor money for a superbowl ad. People started asking questions no one could answer, and valuations tanked. That is a different beast than chewy. The fact they are in the same market is irrelevant, one is serving a market - the other was laundering money permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 5 days ago wow I don't recall this but being an entreprenuer in the pet industry plus a big time tech nerdy, I'm deep diving into this. Sounds fun! permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 5 days ago wow I don't recall this but being an entreprenuer in the pet industry plus a big time tech nerdy, I'm deep diving into this. Sounds fun! permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Their free shipping and discount on subscribing for your order is really nice for shit like my cat litter that I can't find at most stores other than Publix and I don't shop at Publix permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 5 days ago Great for bird seed and suet too.  I've got several feeders with specific types of food that can disappear from store shelves suddenly.  Once the birds establish a community dependent on your feeders or plants its very important to maintain the supply of food they've grown their community to rely upon. permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 2 points 5 days ago Great for bird seed and suet too.  I've got several feeders with specific types of food that can disappear from store shelves suddenly.  Once the birds establish a community dependent on your feeders or plants its very important to maintain the supply of food they've grown their community to rely upon. permalink parent award report block reply
LaVaughnRobinson 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com hah how about MicroStrategy.  That con artist Michael Saylor was at the helm back then and is still at it, fraud is right up his alley.  They were one of the leading headlines back then right before it burst when their shit tanked 50% in one day. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 0 points 5 days ago Yer an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply
IAmNotAnAutist 0 points 5 days ago Yer an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply
envywrath 3 points 5 days ago It's going to be China unveiling a version of deepseek that is more powerful than chatgpt while still maintaining its (I kid you not) 1/60th of the cost of gpt permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 4 points 5 days ago Actually or just communist accounting? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Between wages, data center costs, and electrical costs... It's believable. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... envywrath 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 4 points 5 days ago Actually or just communist accounting? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Between wages, data center costs, and electrical costs... It's believable. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... envywrath 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Between wages, data center costs, and electrical costs... It's believable. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
envywrath 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz -1 points 5 days ago probably Grok. It's not very useful as part of X, most people dislike it "Grok, is this true?" and it's one of the bigger hallucinators in terms of AI permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It’s the most accurate. Leagues beyond chatgpt permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It’s the most accurate. Leagues beyond chatgpt permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 8 points 5 days ago I think AI will be a big factor in the future, but am skeptical of the government helping companies in the name of things like "national security." permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 10 points 5 days ago AI isn't going away, nor is it NEW. The wave of "muh AIs" is going to subside and the customer demand for it will taper off. LLM AI is frustrating, all of them, because it's really just a souped up search engine. If you've ever tried to use it to do something complicated, it makes big errors and omissions and sometimes it  just plain hallucinates. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 5 points 5 days ago It's not new at all, just moving at a faster pace than before and getting more hype. I've found it useful for some things but not others. When it comes to customer service it still sucks...companies are always in such a rush in this country to turn customer service into shit. permalink parent award report block reply bantar 4 points 5 days ago It's a wonderful search engine as it saves me from having to hit up 12 different sites to find what I'm looking for. With complicated (actually simple) tasks, it can't be trusted as it makes things up, misses obvious data and is sloppy as hell. Last week, parse these pdf files and give me data from embedded tables.   I had to review every document manually to correct the output due to errors and omissions.  Sigh.  It didn't make my life easier. But, boy howdy, it is a great grammar checker.  It's a great learning tool (teach me about <whatever>), because you can ask it stupid questions all day long without ridicule until you catch on. Lastly, you'll never starve for Commie propaganda.  Not only will it feed you, it will stuff it down your throat as well. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 5 days ago I had this scenario where I was trying to find out the incidence of something based on location, so within locations incidents would be consolidated by similar characteristics. The task was for ChatGPT to come up with a total of incidents and then to organize the incidents by location and characteristics. It could not do it. I kept whacking and whacking at it and it kept returning bad data and then apologizing when I pointed out the mistakes. This was something I could have done on a whiteboard in less than half an hour and been pretty sure it was correct but ChatGPT couldn't do it. Eventually it refused to try and said it couldn't reach the code executor anymore. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago I hate that word.  It's not 'hallucinating'.  Its just regurgitating the wrong reddit post. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago That’s just a term. permalink parent award report block reply DJTXLV 2 points 5 days ago Yep. I’m using it right now at work to build a whole process for a small team that’s built on excel, power apps and power automate. I don’t know shit about the last 2, and since this isn’t a project that is “doing the needful” for revenue, I’m left to figure it out on my own. I’ve been using ChatGPT to walk me through the steps, and it only gets you so far until it starts hallucinating hard and essentially ruins the last 20 steps done. It’s a glorified search engine. Nothing more. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 5 days ago It has great time saving uses. It's great to be able to take a transcript of a meeting and have it summarize it for you. Stuff like that is wonderful. I haven't seen much that's been ground breaking though. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 5 days ago That can be quite hit or miss. It's a pretty big risk if you are counting on accuracy. For code generation, I've seen it write some good code - then you give it a note to update and it mysteriously just deletes part of the code that was working, introducing a breaking change. Then when you try to get that part back, something else goes away. For things like creating recipes, I've seen it describe certain parts of the recipe and then swap steps and ingredients. If you try to get it back, it gives you different results. Some weird shit. For things like summarizing a video, sometimes it straight up just hallucinates things that aren't even in the video. Other times I've been working with it and it just refuses to return a response, just keeps asking "clarifying" questions over and over. When you question it and ask why it's doing that, it finally admits that it's just stalling you because the code execution engine is down or unavailable or something. So bottom line, it's got some big problems. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... load 5 more comments... julianReyes 9 points 5 days ago AI is only good for artificially inflating the stock market and the crash will be rough. I think SV is on the end of its rope since software fad after software fad is crashing. Maybe they'll pivot to robotics with the Neo trojan horse? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 11 points 5 days ago AI is 100% marketing right now. It's all just software with more refined algorithms which is to be expected. I hate that "AI" is stamped on everything these days just to sell more to gullible suckers. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 10 points 5 days ago AI isn't going away, nor is it NEW. The wave of "muh AIs" is going to subside and the customer demand for it will taper off. LLM AI is frustrating, all of them, because it's really just a souped up search engine. If you've ever tried to use it to do something complicated, it makes big errors and omissions and sometimes it  just plain hallucinates. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 5 points 5 days ago It's not new at all, just moving at a faster pace than before and getting more hype. I've found it useful for some things but not others. When it comes to customer service it still sucks...companies are always in such a rush in this country to turn customer service into shit. permalink parent award report block reply bantar 4 points 5 days ago It's a wonderful search engine as it saves me from having to hit up 12 different sites to find what I'm looking for. With complicated (actually simple) tasks, it can't be trusted as it makes things up, misses obvious data and is sloppy as hell. Last week, parse these pdf files and give me data from embedded tables.   I had to review every document manually to correct the output due to errors and omissions.  Sigh.  It didn't make my life easier. But, boy howdy, it is a great grammar checker.  It's a great learning tool (teach me about <whatever>), because you can ask it stupid questions all day long without ridicule until you catch on. Lastly, you'll never starve for Commie propaganda.  Not only will it feed you, it will stuff it down your throat as well. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 5 days ago I had this scenario where I was trying to find out the incidence of something based on location, so within locations incidents would be consolidated by similar characteristics. The task was for ChatGPT to come up with a total of incidents and then to organize the incidents by location and characteristics. It could not do it. I kept whacking and whacking at it and it kept returning bad data and then apologizing when I pointed out the mistakes. This was something I could have done on a whiteboard in less than half an hour and been pretty sure it was correct but ChatGPT couldn't do it. Eventually it refused to try and said it couldn't reach the code executor anymore. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago I hate that word.  It's not 'hallucinating'.  Its just regurgitating the wrong reddit post. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago That’s just a term. permalink parent award report block reply DJTXLV 2 points 5 days ago Yep. I’m using it right now at work to build a whole process for a small team that’s built on excel, power apps and power automate. I don’t know shit about the last 2, and since this isn’t a project that is “doing the needful” for revenue, I’m left to figure it out on my own. I’ve been using ChatGPT to walk me through the steps, and it only gets you so far until it starts hallucinating hard and essentially ruins the last 20 steps done. It’s a glorified search engine. Nothing more. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 5 days ago It has great time saving uses. It's great to be able to take a transcript of a meeting and have it summarize it for you. Stuff like that is wonderful. I haven't seen much that's been ground breaking though. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 5 days ago That can be quite hit or miss. It's a pretty big risk if you are counting on accuracy. For code generation, I've seen it write some good code - then you give it a note to update and it mysteriously just deletes part of the code that was working, introducing a breaking change. Then when you try to get that part back, something else goes away. For things like creating recipes, I've seen it describe certain parts of the recipe and then swap steps and ingredients. If you try to get it back, it gives you different results. Some weird shit. For things like summarizing a video, sometimes it straight up just hallucinates things that aren't even in the video. Other times I've been working with it and it just refuses to return a response, just keeps asking "clarifying" questions over and over. When you question it and ask why it's doing that, it finally admits that it's just stalling you because the code execution engine is down or unavailable or something. So bottom line, it's got some big problems. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... load 5 more comments...
texas4ever 5 points 5 days ago It's not new at all, just moving at a faster pace than before and getting more hype. I've found it useful for some things but not others. When it comes to customer service it still sucks...companies are always in such a rush in this country to turn customer service into shit. permalink parent award report block reply
bantar 4 points 5 days ago It's a wonderful search engine as it saves me from having to hit up 12 different sites to find what I'm looking for. With complicated (actually simple) tasks, it can't be trusted as it makes things up, misses obvious data and is sloppy as hell. Last week, parse these pdf files and give me data from embedded tables.   I had to review every document manually to correct the output due to errors and omissions.  Sigh.  It didn't make my life easier. But, boy howdy, it is a great grammar checker.  It's a great learning tool (teach me about <whatever>), because you can ask it stupid questions all day long without ridicule until you catch on. Lastly, you'll never starve for Commie propaganda.  Not only will it feed you, it will stuff it down your throat as well. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 5 days ago I had this scenario where I was trying to find out the incidence of something based on location, so within locations incidents would be consolidated by similar characteristics. The task was for ChatGPT to come up with a total of incidents and then to organize the incidents by location and characteristics. It could not do it. I kept whacking and whacking at it and it kept returning bad data and then apologizing when I pointed out the mistakes. This was something I could have done on a whiteboard in less than half an hour and been pretty sure it was correct but ChatGPT couldn't do it. Eventually it refused to try and said it couldn't reach the code executor anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 5 days ago I had this scenario where I was trying to find out the incidence of something based on location, so within locations incidents would be consolidated by similar characteristics. The task was for ChatGPT to come up with a total of incidents and then to organize the incidents by location and characteristics. It could not do it. I kept whacking and whacking at it and it kept returning bad data and then apologizing when I pointed out the mistakes. This was something I could have done on a whiteboard in less than half an hour and been pretty sure it was correct but ChatGPT couldn't do it. Eventually it refused to try and said it couldn't reach the code executor anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago I hate that word.  It's not 'hallucinating'.  Its just regurgitating the wrong reddit post. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago That’s just a term. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago That’s just a term. permalink parent award report block reply
DJTXLV 2 points 5 days ago Yep. I’m using it right now at work to build a whole process for a small team that’s built on excel, power apps and power automate. I don’t know shit about the last 2, and since this isn’t a project that is “doing the needful” for revenue, I’m left to figure it out on my own. I’ve been using ChatGPT to walk me through the steps, and it only gets you so far until it starts hallucinating hard and essentially ruins the last 20 steps done. It’s a glorified search engine. Nothing more. permalink parent award report block reply
BadManOrange 1 points 5 days ago It has great time saving uses. It's great to be able to take a transcript of a meeting and have it summarize it for you. Stuff like that is wonderful. I haven't seen much that's been ground breaking though. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 5 days ago That can be quite hit or miss. It's a pretty big risk if you are counting on accuracy. For code generation, I've seen it write some good code - then you give it a note to update and it mysteriously just deletes part of the code that was working, introducing a breaking change. Then when you try to get that part back, something else goes away. For things like creating recipes, I've seen it describe certain parts of the recipe and then swap steps and ingredients. If you try to get it back, it gives you different results. Some weird shit. For things like summarizing a video, sometimes it straight up just hallucinates things that aren't even in the video. Other times I've been working with it and it just refuses to return a response, just keeps asking "clarifying" questions over and over. When you question it and ask why it's doing that, it finally admits that it's just stalling you because the code execution engine is down or unavailable or something. So bottom line, it's got some big problems. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
booblitchutz 4 points 5 days ago That can be quite hit or miss. It's a pretty big risk if you are counting on accuracy. For code generation, I've seen it write some good code - then you give it a note to update and it mysteriously just deletes part of the code that was working, introducing a breaking change. Then when you try to get that part back, something else goes away. For things like creating recipes, I've seen it describe certain parts of the recipe and then swap steps and ingredients. If you try to get it back, it gives you different results. Some weird shit. For things like summarizing a video, sometimes it straight up just hallucinates things that aren't even in the video. Other times I've been working with it and it just refuses to return a response, just keeps asking "clarifying" questions over and over. When you question it and ask why it's doing that, it finally admits that it's just stalling you because the code execution engine is down or unavailable or something. So bottom line, it's got some big problems. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
julianReyes 9 points 5 days ago AI is only good for artificially inflating the stock market and the crash will be rough. I think SV is on the end of its rope since software fad after software fad is crashing. Maybe they'll pivot to robotics with the Neo trojan horse? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 11 points 5 days ago AI is 100% marketing right now. It's all just software with more refined algorithms which is to be expected. I hate that "AI" is stamped on everything these days just to sell more to gullible suckers. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 11 points 5 days ago AI is 100% marketing right now. It's all just software with more refined algorithms which is to be expected. I hate that "AI" is stamped on everything these days just to sell more to gullible suckers. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, it is. I'm tired of companies pushing this garbage. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 3 points 5 days ago I don't think the tech itself is grift. I think it's a bubble like the early popularized internet, when everyone and their dog had a fly by night internet business with no way to make money except bilking investors. AI is in the same place. The tech is viable but there's no legit money making business for it yet, and once there is the bubble will pop and it will all get better, faster, cheaper in a way that makes sense for everyone. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 58 points 5 days ago The AI boom is like the DotCom boom. In the end, most will die, but some will remain. Grok and ChatGPT aren't going anywhere. And with the downward trend of intelligence, AI will become a necessity for future generations. permalink award report block reply deleted 42 points 5 days ago julianReyes 13 points 5 days ago So this site looks down upon anime, but there's a show that's stuck with me over the years, PSYCHO-PASS . There's a scene that's aged exceptionally well where a transhumanist cyborg (not to be confused with you know what) makes the argument that people in the setting are already cyborgs just like him, on virtue of relying on information technology hardware and software. "When you hand over so much of your life and work to digital devices, the insistence you're not a cyborg doesn't sound very convincing anymore, now, does it? "For you, all these terminals and AI programs are practically a second brain, am I right? It's said the arc of progress is the expansion of the body's functionality. That means man's history is also the history of cyberization, and vice versa." permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 12 points 5 days ago If someone on this site is looking down upon anime it's either because: They think leftwing trannies are representative of all anime fans (typically boomer retards in this camp) Or, they hate Japan and anything associated with it because Japan is putting up more of a resistance to globohomo (typically Christ-deniers in this camp) permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago No fap my dude. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago I see it as art but I also see it as cartoons and cartoons dont interest me. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago There are two main types of anime; one type is very much geared towards children or puts characters as adults that present as children and then there's anime that is very much adult (think ghost in the shell, Akira, ninja scroll). The people that hate anime mostly think in terms that anime IS my little pony or sailor moon type cartoons. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago Or these same trannies have destroyed all imported anime by changing all of the dialog to woke tranny feminist trash. permalink parent award report block reply Jaqen 1 points 4 days ago Or they just think men have higher level pursuits for work and leisure time. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LLchurch 3 points 5 days ago Psycho pass is awesome permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 0 points 5 days ago Nothing wrong with anime as long as you're a kid, but if you're an adult and still obsessed with it you're a degenerate faggot. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Bingo. permalink parent award report block reply scott31337 5 points 5 days ago Facts
I’ve witnessed it. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 4 points 5 days ago It’s a race to the bottom between AI and inbreeding permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Funnily enough Japan will be insulated because of their hatred of the internet. permalink parent award report block reply That_Which_Lurks 2 points 5 days ago This is how we make the Morlocks. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Ohh...I'm gonna start calling smoothbrain leftists 'morlocks'. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... LineInTheSand 15 points 5 days ago I don't believe in the downward trend of intelligence.  People aren't getting dumber.  We are mixing dumb populations with smart populations, instead. permalink parent award report block reply Maganifice7 7 points 5 days ago People are definitely getting dumber. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 5 days ago Welcome to Costco. I love you. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 1 points 5 days ago I like money permalink parent award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 6 points 5 days ago Unfortunately even without breeding but just existing next to each other, causes the intelligent to become dumber. So we are getting dumber permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 4 points 5 days ago People in the US might be getting dumber thanks to the public education system, but overall, the reason for the perception that humanity is getting dumber I think simply stems from the more accessible the internet has become, the easier it is for stupid people to go online and share their stupidity. Back in the 90’s and 00’s, especially before social media, the exposure to stupid people was much more limited. permalink parent award report block reply 123breadman 9 points 5 days ago The US is getting dumber from all the illegal aliens coming in permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago I see you've never worked retail. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 3 points 5 days ago Worse, I’ve worked sales permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago That's probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard someone say. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 5 days ago You haven't exactly added anything intelligent to the discussion.  I'll give you another chance.  Here's a bit more elaboration on why I think "we" aren't getting dumber. The Western world has been importing the lowest IQ people from Africa and India for decades now.  The only real metric I have seen which says "our IQ" is dropping is the overall average, which includes those low-IQ imports.  If you just measured native-born Americans, and compared today's youth to older generations, I believe the results would be similar. permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago All I needed to see was the number of people wearing masks and following arrows on the grocery store floor in 2020 to know the western world has gone full retard. There ain't no coming back. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... FrenFinder 5 points 5 days ago Grok and GPT aren't going anywhere but it is worth noting that GPT has been operating at an 8 billion dollar loss for the half of the year and continues to lose big money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago And ChatGPT is going to go bankrupt because their product is consistently getting worse and worse permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 4 points 5 days ago What do you mean training a new model on an older model because the whole internet has been polluted with slop isn't working? I know, we'll train the next model on the output from the one that we're training now! Hapsburgian-ass AI incest will be the death of it. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 2 points 5 days ago clockwork beige permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 5 points 5 days ago I have no objections with local, offline, open source AI models you have control over that you can curate datasets for yourself. But the correction is inevitable, chatbots and genAI aren't sufficient to replace good talent like the marketers are hyping up, especially when the SV bigwigs can't beat Chinese college interns' FOSS models. At best they'll pump the productivity markers to outpace wage growth yet again. Companies want to try and fire everybody so they can exploit geoarbitrage though. And with the downward trend of intelligence, AI will become a necessity for future generations. While AI is very handy for looking up advanced college-level material and helping people to accelerate learning advanced topics, that's not what it's being used for. People would rather use it to, I dunno, make Harry Potter but Harry Potter is Kim Jung Un or something. Which is cool and all but not of any real worth. permalink parent award report block reply mikejones 1 points 5 days ago AI is going to be explain it like I am five permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
deleted 42 points 5 days ago julianReyes 13 points 5 days ago So this site looks down upon anime, but there's a show that's stuck with me over the years, PSYCHO-PASS . There's a scene that's aged exceptionally well where a transhumanist cyborg (not to be confused with you know what) makes the argument that people in the setting are already cyborgs just like him, on virtue of relying on information technology hardware and software. "When you hand over so much of your life and work to digital devices, the insistence you're not a cyborg doesn't sound very convincing anymore, now, does it? "For you, all these terminals and AI programs are practically a second brain, am I right? It's said the arc of progress is the expansion of the body's functionality. That means man's history is also the history of cyberization, and vice versa." permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 12 points 5 days ago If someone on this site is looking down upon anime it's either because: They think leftwing trannies are representative of all anime fans (typically boomer retards in this camp) Or, they hate Japan and anything associated with it because Japan is putting up more of a resistance to globohomo (typically Christ-deniers in this camp) permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago No fap my dude. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago I see it as art but I also see it as cartoons and cartoons dont interest me. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago There are two main types of anime; one type is very much geared towards children or puts characters as adults that present as children and then there's anime that is very much adult (think ghost in the shell, Akira, ninja scroll). The people that hate anime mostly think in terms that anime IS my little pony or sailor moon type cartoons. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago Or these same trannies have destroyed all imported anime by changing all of the dialog to woke tranny feminist trash. permalink parent award report block reply Jaqen 1 points 4 days ago Or they just think men have higher level pursuits for work and leisure time. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LLchurch 3 points 5 days ago Psycho pass is awesome permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 0 points 5 days ago Nothing wrong with anime as long as you're a kid, but if you're an adult and still obsessed with it you're a degenerate faggot. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Bingo. permalink parent award report block reply scott31337 5 points 5 days ago Facts
I’ve witnessed it. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 4 points 5 days ago It’s a race to the bottom between AI and inbreeding permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Funnily enough Japan will be insulated because of their hatred of the internet. permalink parent award report block reply That_Which_Lurks 2 points 5 days ago This is how we make the Morlocks. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Ohh...I'm gonna start calling smoothbrain leftists 'morlocks'. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
julianReyes 13 points 5 days ago So this site looks down upon anime, but there's a show that's stuck with me over the years, PSYCHO-PASS . There's a scene that's aged exceptionally well where a transhumanist cyborg (not to be confused with you know what) makes the argument that people in the setting are already cyborgs just like him, on virtue of relying on information technology hardware and software. "When you hand over so much of your life and work to digital devices, the insistence you're not a cyborg doesn't sound very convincing anymore, now, does it? "For you, all these terminals and AI programs are practically a second brain, am I right? It's said the arc of progress is the expansion of the body's functionality. That means man's history is also the history of cyberization, and vice versa." permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 12 points 5 days ago If someone on this site is looking down upon anime it's either because: They think leftwing trannies are representative of all anime fans (typically boomer retards in this camp) Or, they hate Japan and anything associated with it because Japan is putting up more of a resistance to globohomo (typically Christ-deniers in this camp) permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago No fap my dude. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago I see it as art but I also see it as cartoons and cartoons dont interest me. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago There are two main types of anime; one type is very much geared towards children or puts characters as adults that present as children and then there's anime that is very much adult (think ghost in the shell, Akira, ninja scroll). The people that hate anime mostly think in terms that anime IS my little pony or sailor moon type cartoons. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago Or these same trannies have destroyed all imported anime by changing all of the dialog to woke tranny feminist trash. permalink parent award report block reply Jaqen 1 points 4 days ago Or they just think men have higher level pursuits for work and leisure time. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LLchurch 3 points 5 days ago Psycho pass is awesome permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 0 points 5 days ago Nothing wrong with anime as long as you're a kid, but if you're an adult and still obsessed with it you're a degenerate faggot. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Bingo. permalink parent award report block reply
staroframphansbhole 12 points 5 days ago If someone on this site is looking down upon anime it's either because: They think leftwing trannies are representative of all anime fans (typically boomer retards in this camp) Or, they hate Japan and anything associated with it because Japan is putting up more of a resistance to globohomo (typically Christ-deniers in this camp) permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago No fap my dude. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago I see it as art but I also see it as cartoons and cartoons dont interest me. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 5 days ago There are two main types of anime; one type is very much geared towards children or puts characters as adults that present as children and then there's anime that is very much adult (think ghost in the shell, Akira, ninja scroll). The people that hate anime mostly think in terms that anime IS my little pony or sailor moon type cartoons. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago Or these same trannies have destroyed all imported anime by changing all of the dialog to woke tranny feminist trash. permalink parent award report block reply Jaqen 1 points 4 days ago Or they just think men have higher level pursuits for work and leisure time. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago No fap my dude. permalink parent award report block reply
TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago I see it as art but I also see it as cartoons and cartoons dont interest me. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 1 points 5 days ago There are two main types of anime; one type is very much geared towards children or puts characters as adults that present as children and then there's anime that is very much adult (think ghost in the shell, Akira, ninja scroll). The people that hate anime mostly think in terms that anime IS my little pony or sailor moon type cartoons. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago Or these same trannies have destroyed all imported anime by changing all of the dialog to woke tranny feminist trash. permalink parent award report block reply
Jaqen 1 points 4 days ago Or they just think men have higher level pursuits for work and leisure time. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LLchurch 3 points 5 days ago Psycho pass is awesome permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 0 points 5 days ago Nothing wrong with anime as long as you're a kid, but if you're an adult and still obsessed with it you're a degenerate faggot. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Bingo. permalink parent award report block reply
IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Bingo. permalink parent award report block reply
scott31337 5 points 5 days ago Facts
I’ve witnessed it. permalink parent award report block reply
RedCalifornia 4 points 5 days ago It’s a race to the bottom between AI and inbreeding permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 5 days ago Funnily enough Japan will be insulated because of their hatred of the internet. permalink parent award report block reply
That_Which_Lurks 2 points 5 days ago This is how we make the Morlocks. permalink parent award report block reply IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Ohh...I'm gonna start calling smoothbrain leftists 'morlocks'. permalink parent award report block reply
IAmNotAnAutist 2 points 5 days ago Ohh...I'm gonna start calling smoothbrain leftists 'morlocks'. permalink parent award report block reply
LineInTheSand 15 points 5 days ago I don't believe in the downward trend of intelligence.  People aren't getting dumber.  We are mixing dumb populations with smart populations, instead. permalink parent award report block reply Maganifice7 7 points 5 days ago People are definitely getting dumber. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 5 days ago Welcome to Costco. I love you. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 1 points 5 days ago I like money permalink parent award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 6 points 5 days ago Unfortunately even without breeding but just existing next to each other, causes the intelligent to become dumber. So we are getting dumber permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 4 points 5 days ago People in the US might be getting dumber thanks to the public education system, but overall, the reason for the perception that humanity is getting dumber I think simply stems from the more accessible the internet has become, the easier it is for stupid people to go online and share their stupidity. Back in the 90’s and 00’s, especially before social media, the exposure to stupid people was much more limited. permalink parent award report block reply 123breadman 9 points 5 days ago The US is getting dumber from all the illegal aliens coming in permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago I see you've never worked retail. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 3 points 5 days ago Worse, I’ve worked sales permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago That's probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard someone say. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 5 days ago You haven't exactly added anything intelligent to the discussion.  I'll give you another chance.  Here's a bit more elaboration on why I think "we" aren't getting dumber. The Western world has been importing the lowest IQ people from Africa and India for decades now.  The only real metric I have seen which says "our IQ" is dropping is the overall average, which includes those low-IQ imports.  If you just measured native-born Americans, and compared today's youth to older generations, I believe the results would be similar. permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago All I needed to see was the number of people wearing masks and following arrows on the grocery store floor in 2020 to know the western world has gone full retard. There ain't no coming back. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Maganifice7 7 points 5 days ago People are definitely getting dumber. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 5 days ago Welcome to Costco. I love you. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 1 points 5 days ago I like money permalink parent award report block reply
EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 5 days ago Welcome to Costco. I love you. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 1 points 5 days ago I like money permalink parent award report block reply
deepbake 1 points 5 days ago I like money permalink parent award report block reply
BlippiIsAPedo 6 points 5 days ago Unfortunately even without breeding but just existing next to each other, causes the intelligent to become dumber. So we are getting dumber permalink parent award report block reply
Redpilled2Depression 4 points 5 days ago People in the US might be getting dumber thanks to the public education system, but overall, the reason for the perception that humanity is getting dumber I think simply stems from the more accessible the internet has become, the easier it is for stupid people to go online and share their stupidity. Back in the 90’s and 00’s, especially before social media, the exposure to stupid people was much more limited. permalink parent award report block reply 123breadman 9 points 5 days ago The US is getting dumber from all the illegal aliens coming in permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago I see you've never worked retail. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 3 points 5 days ago Worse, I’ve worked sales permalink parent award report block reply
123breadman 9 points 5 days ago The US is getting dumber from all the illegal aliens coming in permalink parent award report block reply
freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago I see you've never worked retail. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 3 points 5 days ago Worse, I’ve worked sales permalink parent award report block reply
Redpilled2Depression 3 points 5 days ago Worse, I’ve worked sales permalink parent award report block reply
Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago That's probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard someone say. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 5 days ago You haven't exactly added anything intelligent to the discussion.  I'll give you another chance.  Here's a bit more elaboration on why I think "we" aren't getting dumber. The Western world has been importing the lowest IQ people from Africa and India for decades now.  The only real metric I have seen which says "our IQ" is dropping is the overall average, which includes those low-IQ imports.  If you just measured native-born Americans, and compared today's youth to older generations, I believe the results would be similar. permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago All I needed to see was the number of people wearing masks and following arrows on the grocery store floor in 2020 to know the western world has gone full retard. There ain't no coming back. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LineInTheSand 1 points 5 days ago You haven't exactly added anything intelligent to the discussion.  I'll give you another chance.  Here's a bit more elaboration on why I think "we" aren't getting dumber. The Western world has been importing the lowest IQ people from Africa and India for decades now.  The only real metric I have seen which says "our IQ" is dropping is the overall average, which includes those low-IQ imports.  If you just measured native-born Americans, and compared today's youth to older generations, I believe the results would be similar. permalink parent award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago All I needed to see was the number of people wearing masks and following arrows on the grocery store floor in 2020 to know the western world has gone full retard. There ain't no coming back. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Creepy_Joe 1 points 5 days ago All I needed to see was the number of people wearing masks and following arrows on the grocery store floor in 2020 to know the western world has gone full retard. There ain't no coming back. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
FrenFinder 5 points 5 days ago Grok and GPT aren't going anywhere but it is worth noting that GPT has been operating at an 8 billion dollar loss for the half of the year and continues to lose big money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago And ChatGPT is going to go bankrupt because their product is consistently getting worse and worse permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 4 points 5 days ago What do you mean training a new model on an older model because the whole internet has been polluted with slop isn't working? I know, we'll train the next model on the output from the one that we're training now! Hapsburgian-ass AI incest will be the death of it. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 2 points 5 days ago clockwork beige permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago And ChatGPT is going to go bankrupt because their product is consistently getting worse and worse permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 4 points 5 days ago What do you mean training a new model on an older model because the whole internet has been polluted with slop isn't working? I know, we'll train the next model on the output from the one that we're training now! Hapsburgian-ass AI incest will be the death of it. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 2 points 5 days ago clockwork beige permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 4 points 5 days ago What do you mean training a new model on an older model because the whole internet has been polluted with slop isn't working? I know, we'll train the next model on the output from the one that we're training now! Hapsburgian-ass AI incest will be the death of it. permalink parent award report block reply deepbake 2 points 5 days ago clockwork beige permalink parent award report block reply
deepbake 2 points 5 days ago clockwork beige permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 5 points 5 days ago I have no objections with local, offline, open source AI models you have control over that you can curate datasets for yourself. But the correction is inevitable, chatbots and genAI aren't sufficient to replace good talent like the marketers are hyping up, especially when the SV bigwigs can't beat Chinese college interns' FOSS models. At best they'll pump the productivity markers to outpace wage growth yet again. Companies want to try and fire everybody so they can exploit geoarbitrage though. And with the downward trend of intelligence, AI will become a necessity for future generations. While AI is very handy for looking up advanced college-level material and helping people to accelerate learning advanced topics, that's not what it's being used for. People would rather use it to, I dunno, make Harry Potter but Harry Potter is Kim Jung Un or something. Which is cool and all but not of any real worth. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 1 points 5 days ago AI is going to be explain it like I am five permalink parent award report block reply
QuantumBogosity 29 points 5 days ago He almost went broke shorting mortgage backed securities. It doesn't matter if you are right; if the timing is wrong you are still wrong. permalink award report block reply joggin_noggin 7 points 5 days ago The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 7 points 5 days ago The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 19 points 5 days ago Of course it's a bubble. This shit's gonna pop. It's just a question of when. Most of these companies will tank. Some will stay around, and the infrastructure they've built will be used for some cool stuff in the future. Much like the 'dot com' bubble. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 5 points 5 days ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply normalstreet 2 points 5 days ago This guy fucks, too. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 5 points 5 days ago Hopefully it will pop sooner than later. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 5 points 5 days ago Exactly what I've been saying for a long time. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 5 points 5 days ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply normalstreet 2 points 5 days ago This guy fucks, too. permalink parent award report block reply
normalstreet 2 points 5 days ago This guy fucks, too. permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 5 points 5 days ago Hopefully it will pop sooner than later. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 5 points 5 days ago Exactly what I've been saying for a long time. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 13 points 5 days ago Palantir isn't going to crash, because they get a lot of government contracts. Nvidia isn't going to fall, because the compute power of their chips is only going get more valuable over time.  Even if AI doesn't pan out, their GPUs will be used for other things.  Due to the way graphics cards work, they do multiple number crunching tasks better than a regular CPU.  Once you've written your software to work on Nvidia chips, it's going to be a hassle to port it. The ones you want to short are OpenAI, but they aren't public, no chance to short them. permalink award report block reply turdinthepunch 11 points 5 days ago Palantir posted the best quarter a saas company has ever posted in history this week. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago OpenAI will be bailed out in exchange for the government getting a large stake. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 3 points 5 days ago Or the people doing it will take the money and run, declare bankruptcy, move on the the next grift. Or they can convince someone like Google or Facebook to do a $200B buyout, bailing out the investors. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago They wont have to declare bankruptcy, OpenAI will be seen as "too big to fail" by the administration. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago Trump proposed using federal funds to buy a large stake. Same with nvidia and amd due to their national security importance permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 5 days ago Yeah China already do this. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotGames 1 points 4 days ago AI is already working out. Amazingly well at many things. Just not everything yet. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 1 points 4 days ago It's good at making Stephen Hawking meme videos.  It still fails hard for tasks that require precise thinking.  It usually can only solve problems that are in its training set somewhere, which makes it an advanced form of Google search. It can make believable-sounding text. permalink parent award report block reply
turdinthepunch 11 points 5 days ago Palantir posted the best quarter a saas company has ever posted in history this week. permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago OpenAI will be bailed out in exchange for the government getting a large stake. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 3 points 5 days ago Or the people doing it will take the money and run, declare bankruptcy, move on the the next grift. Or they can convince someone like Google or Facebook to do a $200B buyout, bailing out the investors. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago They wont have to declare bankruptcy, OpenAI will be seen as "too big to fail" by the administration. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago Trump proposed using federal funds to buy a large stake. Same with nvidia and amd due to their national security importance permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 5 days ago Yeah China already do this. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 3 points 5 days ago Or the people doing it will take the money and run, declare bankruptcy, move on the the next grift. Or they can convince someone like Google or Facebook to do a $200B buyout, bailing out the investors. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago They wont have to declare bankruptcy, OpenAI will be seen as "too big to fail" by the administration. permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard 2 points 5 days ago They wont have to declare bankruptcy, OpenAI will be seen as "too big to fail" by the administration. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 3 points 5 days ago Trump proposed using federal funds to buy a large stake. Same with nvidia and amd due to their national security importance permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 5 days ago Yeah China already do this. permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard 1 points 5 days ago Yeah China already do this. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotGames 1 points 4 days ago AI is already working out. Amazingly well at many things. Just not everything yet. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 1 points 4 days ago It's good at making Stephen Hawking meme videos.  It still fails hard for tasks that require precise thinking.  It usually can only solve problems that are in its training set somewhere, which makes it an advanced form of Google search. It can make believable-sounding text. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 1 points 4 days ago It's good at making Stephen Hawking meme videos.  It still fails hard for tasks that require precise thinking.  It usually can only solve problems that are in its training set somewhere, which makes it an advanced form of Google search. It can make believable-sounding text. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 12 points 5 days ago Why was Sam Altman just handed a subpoena at a live event last night? https://patriots.win/p/1ARK53KvSP/-a-man-has-just-crashed-sam-altm/c permalink award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago Moments after Altman and Kerr sat down, an unidentified man (later confirmed as a San Francisco Public Defender's Office employee) rushed the stage from a front-row seat. He approached Altman holding papers, announcing he had a subpoena to serve on behalf of "Stop AI," a non-violent activist group protesting OpenAI's development of advanced AI. Stop AI, a civil resistance organization focused on halting "artificial superintelligence" (ASI) development due to existential risks (e.g., human extinction from uncontrolled AI). They've staged repeated non-violent protests, including blocking OpenAI's SF office entrances. The subpoena compels Altman to testify in a court hearing for Stop AI activists arrested during those protests. OpenAI had called police on the demonstrators, leading to charges. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -1 points 5 days ago Why are you using ai like a fag to post. You definitely didn’t type that permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago Yea, I used AI.  I could have used Google and read through a dozen articles. What's the difference? You AI-haters are so disingenuous. Is anything in that post incorrect? permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago Moments after Altman and Kerr sat down, an unidentified man (later confirmed as a San Francisco Public Defender's Office employee) rushed the stage from a front-row seat. He approached Altman holding papers, announcing he had a subpoena to serve on behalf of "Stop AI," a non-violent activist group protesting OpenAI's development of advanced AI. Stop AI, a civil resistance organization focused on halting "artificial superintelligence" (ASI) development due to existential risks (e.g., human extinction from uncontrolled AI). They've staged repeated non-violent protests, including blocking OpenAI's SF office entrances. The subpoena compels Altman to testify in a court hearing for Stop AI activists arrested during those protests. OpenAI had called police on the demonstrators, leading to charges. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -1 points 5 days ago Why are you using ai like a fag to post. You definitely didn’t type that permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago Yea, I used AI.  I could have used Google and read through a dozen articles. What's the difference? You AI-haters are so disingenuous. Is anything in that post incorrect? permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby -1 points 5 days ago Why are you using ai like a fag to post. You definitely didn’t type that permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago Yea, I used AI.  I could have used Google and read through a dozen articles. What's the difference? You AI-haters are so disingenuous. Is anything in that post incorrect? permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago Yea, I used AI.  I could have used Google and read through a dozen articles. What's the difference? You AI-haters are so disingenuous. Is anything in that post incorrect? permalink parent award report block reply
YodaBannon 11 points 5 days ago so my Dust Buster won't talk to me anymore? permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 -4 points 5 days ago If you think Ai is just a chat bot you don't understand what Ai is. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 5 days ago Ai was destroyed by Joshua. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago If you think most AI is useful you don’t understand it permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 2 points 5 days ago wake me up when it stops acting like Liberace permalink parent award report block reply anotherrandomname 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, it's not a chat bot, it's a pseudo random text generator! There's a difference! lol. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago The responses to this thread are mostly people with zero clue. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
Maganifice7 -4 points 5 days ago If you think Ai is just a chat bot you don't understand what Ai is. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 5 days ago Ai was destroyed by Joshua. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago If you think most AI is useful you don’t understand it permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 2 points 5 days ago wake me up when it stops acting like Liberace permalink parent award report block reply anotherrandomname 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, it's not a chat bot, it's a pseudo random text generator! There's a difference! lol. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago The responses to this thread are mostly people with zero clue. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 5 days ago Ai was destroyed by Joshua. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago If you think most AI is useful you don’t understand it permalink parent award report block reply
YodaBannon 2 points 5 days ago wake me up when it stops acting like Liberace permalink parent award report block reply
anotherrandomname 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, it's not a chat bot, it's a pseudo random text generator! There's a difference! lol. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago The responses to this thread are mostly people with zero clue. permalink parent award report block reply
f_bastiat 9 points 5 days ago That's a lot easier to guess than the housing one, because AI doesn't physically exist, anybody can duplicate it and bring one of these big companies down pretty much overnight. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 6 points 5 days ago ^This is how clueless people talk. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 4 points 5 days ago Musk built a giant data center Tennessee between two power plants. It wasn't enough power so x bought stacks of Teslas battery banks and spacex cooling systems. He had to leverage 3 companies worth of cutting edge tech to build out the physical site, the largest, most advanced, and most specialized data center in the world. Sure you a 8bit model and run it on your gamer pc, but he's running a trillion bit model. permalink parent award report block reply f_bastiat 4 points 5 days ago It's only a matter of time. I remember paying $300 for a 23.7gb HDD about 25-30 years ago, I can now get a 24tb HDD for the same price, that's a 1000 fold improvement, and if you consider inflation it's probably a lot higher. AI is whats developing the next version of AI so it will grow exponentially and the cost will come down exponentially, and the cost of data centers will also come down. That last big data center i worked in had about 2000 tons of cooling which was 60% of the electric bill, newer hardware can run so hot you don't even need cooling just airflow, even if the ambient is 100 degrees it will still absorbed the heat. I could drone on all day about this, AI is a short term money maker, long term failure from an investment standpoint. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 3 points 5 days ago There's tremendous first mover advantage, especially for niche tools and universal ones. IPhones are a lump of crap, but they still control   massive market share. Google is a lump of crap and it nearly has a monopoly. Whoever makes the first great General Ai will win big as well as all the specialty Ais that streamline specific business operations. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 6 points 5 days ago ^This is how clueless people talk. permalink parent award report block reply
GentleSlayer 4 points 5 days ago Musk built a giant data center Tennessee between two power plants. It wasn't enough power so x bought stacks of Teslas battery banks and spacex cooling systems. He had to leverage 3 companies worth of cutting edge tech to build out the physical site, the largest, most advanced, and most specialized data center in the world. Sure you a 8bit model and run it on your gamer pc, but he's running a trillion bit model. permalink parent award report block reply f_bastiat 4 points 5 days ago It's only a matter of time. I remember paying $300 for a 23.7gb HDD about 25-30 years ago, I can now get a 24tb HDD for the same price, that's a 1000 fold improvement, and if you consider inflation it's probably a lot higher. AI is whats developing the next version of AI so it will grow exponentially and the cost will come down exponentially, and the cost of data centers will also come down. That last big data center i worked in had about 2000 tons of cooling which was 60% of the electric bill, newer hardware can run so hot you don't even need cooling just airflow, even if the ambient is 100 degrees it will still absorbed the heat. I could drone on all day about this, AI is a short term money maker, long term failure from an investment standpoint. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 3 points 5 days ago There's tremendous first mover advantage, especially for niche tools and universal ones. IPhones are a lump of crap, but they still control   massive market share. Google is a lump of crap and it nearly has a monopoly. Whoever makes the first great General Ai will win big as well as all the specialty Ais that streamline specific business operations. permalink parent award report block reply
f_bastiat 4 points 5 days ago It's only a matter of time. I remember paying $300 for a 23.7gb HDD about 25-30 years ago, I can now get a 24tb HDD for the same price, that's a 1000 fold improvement, and if you consider inflation it's probably a lot higher. AI is whats developing the next version of AI so it will grow exponentially and the cost will come down exponentially, and the cost of data centers will also come down. That last big data center i worked in had about 2000 tons of cooling which was 60% of the electric bill, newer hardware can run so hot you don't even need cooling just airflow, even if the ambient is 100 degrees it will still absorbed the heat. I could drone on all day about this, AI is a short term money maker, long term failure from an investment standpoint. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 3 points 5 days ago There's tremendous first mover advantage, especially for niche tools and universal ones. IPhones are a lump of crap, but they still control   massive market share. Google is a lump of crap and it nearly has a monopoly. Whoever makes the first great General Ai will win big as well as all the specialty Ais that streamline specific business operations. permalink parent award report block reply
GentleSlayer 3 points 5 days ago There's tremendous first mover advantage, especially for niche tools and universal ones. IPhones are a lump of crap, but they still control   massive market share. Google is a lump of crap and it nearly has a monopoly. Whoever makes the first great General Ai will win big as well as all the specialty Ais that streamline specific business operations. permalink parent award report block reply
Greenhills 8 points 5 days ago He’s right. It’s vaporware. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 10 points 5 days ago This vapor ware is helping me write an extremely complex program using C#,. Net and wpf, and I probably couldn't even program a "hello world" program on my own. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 9 points 5 days ago I spent 15 years as a software engineer before retiring. I launched a product last year that I coded with help from AI. It took me 100 days. Without AI, I’d have needed a team and 18 months development time. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, but you were only able to do that because you had 15 years of experience to judge what it was spitting out and ask the right questions / give the write commands. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 5 days ago Yeah sure. I definitely couldn’t have done it without my experience. AI is a tool permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago It must be a terrible disgusting. I’ve been doing this longer and AI barely can even write tests permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago AI is a force multiplier permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 5 points 5 days ago That’s exactly why you don’t realize you’re writing shit code. You occasionally may be getting what the top answer on Stack Overflow is, but you’re also unknowingly receiving some of the worst teachings while you’re at it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 6 points 5 days ago That's not true at all. permalink parent award report block reply _fidelio 1 points 5 days ago Burry has predicted 12 of the last 2 crashes. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 10 points 5 days ago This vapor ware is helping me write an extremely complex program using C#,. Net and wpf, and I probably couldn't even program a "hello world" program on my own. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 9 points 5 days ago I spent 15 years as a software engineer before retiring. I launched a product last year that I coded with help from AI. It took me 100 days. Without AI, I’d have needed a team and 18 months development time. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, but you were only able to do that because you had 15 years of experience to judge what it was spitting out and ask the right questions / give the write commands. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 5 days ago Yeah sure. I definitely couldn’t have done it without my experience. AI is a tool permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago It must be a terrible disgusting. I’ve been doing this longer and AI barely can even write tests permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago AI is a force multiplier permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 5 points 5 days ago That’s exactly why you don’t realize you’re writing shit code. You occasionally may be getting what the top answer on Stack Overflow is, but you’re also unknowingly receiving some of the worst teachings while you’re at it. permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 9 points 5 days ago I spent 15 years as a software engineer before retiring. I launched a product last year that I coded with help from AI. It took me 100 days. Without AI, I’d have needed a team and 18 months development time. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, but you were only able to do that because you had 15 years of experience to judge what it was spitting out and ask the right questions / give the write commands. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 5 days ago Yeah sure. I definitely couldn’t have done it without my experience. AI is a tool permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago It must be a terrible disgusting. I’ve been doing this longer and AI barely can even write tests permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago AI is a force multiplier permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, but you were only able to do that because you had 15 years of experience to judge what it was spitting out and ask the right questions / give the write commands. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 5 days ago Yeah sure. I definitely couldn’t have done it without my experience. AI is a tool permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 5 days ago Yeah sure. I definitely couldn’t have done it without my experience. AI is a tool permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 5 days ago It must be a terrible disgusting. I’ve been doing this longer and AI barely can even write tests permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago AI is a force multiplier permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 5 points 5 days ago That’s exactly why you don’t realize you’re writing shit code. You occasionally may be getting what the top answer on Stack Overflow is, but you’re also unknowingly receiving some of the worst teachings while you’re at it. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 6 points 5 days ago That's not true at all. permalink parent award report block reply
_fidelio 1 points 5 days ago Burry has predicted 12 of the last 2 crashes. permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 8 points 5 days ago Has Nancy Pelosi dumped her Nvidia stocks?  That’s the real bellwether. permalink award report block reply
julianReyes 7 points 5 days ago no duh It's nowhere near a psyop, just spend 5 seconds with modern AI and see that it's not worth jack (not that PDW will take that standing down). permalink award report block reply Psarg 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com sucked too permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 5 days ago Every piece of software you interacted with today uses AI. permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 5 points 5 days ago Pets.com sucked too permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 3 points 5 days ago Every piece of software you interacted with today uses AI. permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 6 points 5 days ago Well fuck.... This could be really really bad Is anyone able to look at his position and see when he thinks the chips will fall? permalink award report block reply unotrumpcard 5 points 5 days ago Burry is not factoring in that Trump will bail these companies out. My bet is that when the AI bubble pops will see dramatic losses all over but some specific companies with CEOs who have been spending time with Trump will be fine. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 7 points 5 days ago There are two different sides of this that most of the public isn't seeing. we're seeing all of the public facing AI stuff but what we're not seeing is just how much is being developed and already used behind the scenes for national security stuff and the problem is that if you let your competitors, like China, get way way ahead of you in this field then there will be no catching up to them and the advantage they could gain from it could be astronomical AI will play a huge huge huge role in the next world war or world wide conflict and the major side that is the most advanced in that field will probably end up being the winner. The issue is all of the unknowns around all of that though. You can't just sit back assuming that's not true and then by the time you find out it is true it is far far too late permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 4 points 5 days ago I don't doubt that AI, specifically neural network algorithms, will be key in exponentially accelerating productivity. After all it's just brute force pattern recognition and empiricism, making the process of refining iterations thousands to millions of times simultaneously faster and faster, especially with quantum supercomputing. But the consumer-facing AI bandwagon is smoke and mirrors and trying to rely on AI to think for itself is idiotic. In my experiments with genAI for example I've tried getting the models to replicate a hand reveal that's very popular with vloggers. All of the models fail this very simple prompt that's frequent across social media. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago Yeah, like Bank of America did when they advised homeowners to miss payments in order to “qualify” for refinancing, subsequently foreclosing on their homes. Millions were impacted and BoA lost a class action over it, sending people measly $1,400 payments and then getting a government, tax-payer bailout. The bank not getting a bailout would mean frozen payments to millions of people and the economy falling into a depression, so they blatantly stole peoples’ homes and never saw any repercussions, while also profiting off the homes and tax payers. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 5 points 5 days ago He filed last quarter and only just now is running his mouth. He’s deep underwater on it already. This guy has been wrong way more than he was right (2008). permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 4 points 5 days ago Yeah but he was exactly the same type of being underwater before the crash in 2008 too.... Every single person that knew him accused him of being insane and lots of the people with money in his firm were threatening to sue or making the move to start getting ready to sue him when the shit hit the fan and he turned out to be exactly right, but just a little off on his timing..... Ignoring him all over again seems like making the same exact mistake twice. That's why insider trading is so obvious and should be illegal because guys like this only need to be right once or twice out of all of their market guesses over the years to make them literal boatloads of money. They are simply looking at huge amounts of numbers on sheets and watching the news and trying to guess what the markets will do down the road, so of course they're going to be wrong a lot. Judging these guys based on that is the absolute wrong way to look at it and is a complete misunderstanding of what it is they do. If he was right almost every time then that means he would be doing something fairly easy and repeatable by shitloads of other people... Also if the bubble doesn't bust because government step in and bails companies out, does that really mean he was wrong? You got to ask yourself how many times outside factors have stepped in and stopped his very real and logical predictions from coming to fruition, but only because of an outside non-standard force and not because he was actually wrong permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard 5 points 5 days ago Burry is not factoring in that Trump will bail these companies out. My bet is that when the AI bubble pops will see dramatic losses all over but some specific companies with CEOs who have been spending time with Trump will be fine. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 7 points 5 days ago There are two different sides of this that most of the public isn't seeing. we're seeing all of the public facing AI stuff but what we're not seeing is just how much is being developed and already used behind the scenes for national security stuff and the problem is that if you let your competitors, like China, get way way ahead of you in this field then there will be no catching up to them and the advantage they could gain from it could be astronomical AI will play a huge huge huge role in the next world war or world wide conflict and the major side that is the most advanced in that field will probably end up being the winner. The issue is all of the unknowns around all of that though. You can't just sit back assuming that's not true and then by the time you find out it is true it is far far too late permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 4 points 5 days ago I don't doubt that AI, specifically neural network algorithms, will be key in exponentially accelerating productivity. After all it's just brute force pattern recognition and empiricism, making the process of refining iterations thousands to millions of times simultaneously faster and faster, especially with quantum supercomputing. But the consumer-facing AI bandwagon is smoke and mirrors and trying to rely on AI to think for itself is idiotic. In my experiments with genAI for example I've tried getting the models to replicate a hand reveal that's very popular with vloggers. All of the models fail this very simple prompt that's frequent across social media. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago Yeah, like Bank of America did when they advised homeowners to miss payments in order to “qualify” for refinancing, subsequently foreclosing on their homes. Millions were impacted and BoA lost a class action over it, sending people measly $1,400 payments and then getting a government, tax-payer bailout. The bank not getting a bailout would mean frozen payments to millions of people and the economy falling into a depression, so they blatantly stole peoples’ homes and never saw any repercussions, while also profiting off the homes and tax payers. permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 7 points 5 days ago There are two different sides of this that most of the public isn't seeing. we're seeing all of the public facing AI stuff but what we're not seeing is just how much is being developed and already used behind the scenes for national security stuff and the problem is that if you let your competitors, like China, get way way ahead of you in this field then there will be no catching up to them and the advantage they could gain from it could be astronomical AI will play a huge huge huge role in the next world war or world wide conflict and the major side that is the most advanced in that field will probably end up being the winner. The issue is all of the unknowns around all of that though. You can't just sit back assuming that's not true and then by the time you find out it is true it is far far too late permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes 4 points 5 days ago I don't doubt that AI, specifically neural network algorithms, will be key in exponentially accelerating productivity. After all it's just brute force pattern recognition and empiricism, making the process of refining iterations thousands to millions of times simultaneously faster and faster, especially with quantum supercomputing. But the consumer-facing AI bandwagon is smoke and mirrors and trying to rely on AI to think for itself is idiotic. In my experiments with genAI for example I've tried getting the models to replicate a hand reveal that's very popular with vloggers. All of the models fail this very simple prompt that's frequent across social media. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 4 points 5 days ago I don't doubt that AI, specifically neural network algorithms, will be key in exponentially accelerating productivity. After all it's just brute force pattern recognition and empiricism, making the process of refining iterations thousands to millions of times simultaneously faster and faster, especially with quantum supercomputing. But the consumer-facing AI bandwagon is smoke and mirrors and trying to rely on AI to think for itself is idiotic. In my experiments with genAI for example I've tried getting the models to replicate a hand reveal that's very popular with vloggers. All of the models fail this very simple prompt that's frequent across social media. permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago Yeah, like Bank of America did when they advised homeowners to miss payments in order to “qualify” for refinancing, subsequently foreclosing on their homes. Millions were impacted and BoA lost a class action over it, sending people measly $1,400 payments and then getting a government, tax-payer bailout. The bank not getting a bailout would mean frozen payments to millions of people and the economy falling into a depression, so they blatantly stole peoples’ homes and never saw any repercussions, while also profiting off the homes and tax payers. permalink parent award report block reply
Kricket 5 points 5 days ago He filed last quarter and only just now is running his mouth. He’s deep underwater on it already. This guy has been wrong way more than he was right (2008). permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 4 points 5 days ago Yeah but he was exactly the same type of being underwater before the crash in 2008 too.... Every single person that knew him accused him of being insane and lots of the people with money in his firm were threatening to sue or making the move to start getting ready to sue him when the shit hit the fan and he turned out to be exactly right, but just a little off on his timing..... Ignoring him all over again seems like making the same exact mistake twice. That's why insider trading is so obvious and should be illegal because guys like this only need to be right once or twice out of all of their market guesses over the years to make them literal boatloads of money. They are simply looking at huge amounts of numbers on sheets and watching the news and trying to guess what the markets will do down the road, so of course they're going to be wrong a lot. Judging these guys based on that is the absolute wrong way to look at it and is a complete misunderstanding of what it is they do. If he was right almost every time then that means he would be doing something fairly easy and repeatable by shitloads of other people... Also if the bubble doesn't bust because government step in and bails companies out, does that really mean he was wrong? You got to ask yourself how many times outside factors have stepped in and stopped his very real and logical predictions from coming to fruition, but only because of an outside non-standard force and not because he was actually wrong permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 4 points 5 days ago Yeah but he was exactly the same type of being underwater before the crash in 2008 too.... Every single person that knew him accused him of being insane and lots of the people with money in his firm were threatening to sue or making the move to start getting ready to sue him when the shit hit the fan and he turned out to be exactly right, but just a little off on his timing..... Ignoring him all over again seems like making the same exact mistake twice. That's why insider trading is so obvious and should be illegal because guys like this only need to be right once or twice out of all of their market guesses over the years to make them literal boatloads of money. They are simply looking at huge amounts of numbers on sheets and watching the news and trying to guess what the markets will do down the road, so of course they're going to be wrong a lot. Judging these guys based on that is the absolute wrong way to look at it and is a complete misunderstanding of what it is they do. If he was right almost every time then that means he would be doing something fairly easy and repeatable by shitloads of other people... Also if the bubble doesn't bust because government step in and bails companies out, does that really mean he was wrong? You got to ask yourself how many times outside factors have stepped in and stopped his very real and logical predictions from coming to fruition, but only because of an outside non-standard force and not because he was actually wrong permalink parent award report block reply
AfterGlow 5 points 5 days ago AI is just a big data base with a PR Department. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 9 points 5 days ago This is as equally incorrect as the people that think AI is going to replace humans. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago It's literally just an automated internet search. No matter what you ask it to do, all it does is search the internet and mash together the results. That's not "artificial intelligence". It's super google. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 7 points 5 days ago That's just scratching the surface. Take those questions further and ask it to perform analysis on the results and you're getting to some common public uses. The business uses of AI are staggering however. It turns into an English language based querying tool that can instantly compile data from disparate sources without the need for the sources to have the same references or go through any type of mapping. Every software or tech-related company utilizes AI heavily. The public uses are going to be time-saving but not life-changing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 5 days ago Like it said, it’s super google. Even when you ask it for further analysis, it’s just searching more. When you’re having it compile data sets, yep, it’s just search again. And sure, there are some applications that it makes a lot easier, absolutely. But it’s not the world changing technological breakthrough it’s being made out to be. It’s super google. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... maleitch 5 points 5 days ago Jesus you clowns really feel confident in lecturing everyone on things you have zero fcking clue about?  I would never lecture an anonymous group about nuclear engineering because I watched Chernobyl once. You must all be very young.  No that is 100% not how it works.  They are actually coding learning, something you don't have the iq to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago It’s not, an internet search can’t translate languages, or compose different lists and forms of media based on your requirements. You’re not totally wrong in downplaying its utility, but it does have pattern recognition and can use it to make its own compositions based on what it’s “learned”. Tesla autopilot isn’t doing an internet search. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago Are you kidding me? You’ve been able to auto translate languages for ages. And you’re right, it’s good for pattern recognition or repetitive slow tasks to complete manual. But THAT is what it is. It’s pattern recognition. It’s not intelligence. It’s a glorified search engine. And autopilot isn’t AI. It’s literally just programming rules for how to respond to situations. It’s not figuring it out on its own. It’s years of compiling visuals and videos and programming what and how to respond. permalink parent award report block reply Ifeargovtmorethan 0 points 5 days ago You have a lot to learn permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 5 days ago Go on, give us a use that isn't a compilation of search results, whether from the internet, a bunch of data sets you give it, or a bunch of media that you give it. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago Pr evokes some measure of restraint and a plan. Ai has hype men permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago No, that's incorrect by omission. Yes it is an indexed in memory data set, but it's also various methodologies of reforming pieces of that data into coherent responses. Both are made possible by vast amounts of compute power the latter is technology that isn't necessarily "new", but thanks to the former it is quickly evolving. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 9 points 5 days ago This is as equally incorrect as the people that think AI is going to replace humans. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago It's literally just an automated internet search. No matter what you ask it to do, all it does is search the internet and mash together the results. That's not "artificial intelligence". It's super google. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 7 points 5 days ago That's just scratching the surface. Take those questions further and ask it to perform analysis on the results and you're getting to some common public uses. The business uses of AI are staggering however. It turns into an English language based querying tool that can instantly compile data from disparate sources without the need for the sources to have the same references or go through any type of mapping. Every software or tech-related company utilizes AI heavily. The public uses are going to be time-saving but not life-changing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 5 days ago Like it said, it’s super google. Even when you ask it for further analysis, it’s just searching more. When you’re having it compile data sets, yep, it’s just search again. And sure, there are some applications that it makes a lot easier, absolutely. But it’s not the world changing technological breakthrough it’s being made out to be. It’s super google. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... maleitch 5 points 5 days ago Jesus you clowns really feel confident in lecturing everyone on things you have zero fcking clue about?  I would never lecture an anonymous group about nuclear engineering because I watched Chernobyl once. You must all be very young.  No that is 100% not how it works.  They are actually coding learning, something you don't have the iq to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago It’s not, an internet search can’t translate languages, or compose different lists and forms of media based on your requirements. You’re not totally wrong in downplaying its utility, but it does have pattern recognition and can use it to make its own compositions based on what it’s “learned”. Tesla autopilot isn’t doing an internet search. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago Are you kidding me? You’ve been able to auto translate languages for ages. And you’re right, it’s good for pattern recognition or repetitive slow tasks to complete manual. But THAT is what it is. It’s pattern recognition. It’s not intelligence. It’s a glorified search engine. And autopilot isn’t AI. It’s literally just programming rules for how to respond to situations. It’s not figuring it out on its own. It’s years of compiling visuals and videos and programming what and how to respond. permalink parent award report block reply Ifeargovtmorethan 0 points 5 days ago You have a lot to learn permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 5 days ago Go on, give us a use that isn't a compilation of search results, whether from the internet, a bunch of data sets you give it, or a bunch of media that you give it. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 5 days ago It's literally just an automated internet search. No matter what you ask it to do, all it does is search the internet and mash together the results. That's not "artificial intelligence". It's super google. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 7 points 5 days ago That's just scratching the surface. Take those questions further and ask it to perform analysis on the results and you're getting to some common public uses. The business uses of AI are staggering however. It turns into an English language based querying tool that can instantly compile data from disparate sources without the need for the sources to have the same references or go through any type of mapping. Every software or tech-related company utilizes AI heavily. The public uses are going to be time-saving but not life-changing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 5 days ago Like it said, it’s super google. Even when you ask it for further analysis, it’s just searching more. When you’re having it compile data sets, yep, it’s just search again. And sure, there are some applications that it makes a lot easier, absolutely. But it’s not the world changing technological breakthrough it’s being made out to be. It’s super google. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... maleitch 5 points 5 days ago Jesus you clowns really feel confident in lecturing everyone on things you have zero fcking clue about?  I would never lecture an anonymous group about nuclear engineering because I watched Chernobyl once. You must all be very young.  No that is 100% not how it works.  They are actually coding learning, something you don't have the iq to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago It’s not, an internet search can’t translate languages, or compose different lists and forms of media based on your requirements. You’re not totally wrong in downplaying its utility, but it does have pattern recognition and can use it to make its own compositions based on what it’s “learned”. Tesla autopilot isn’t doing an internet search. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago Are you kidding me? You’ve been able to auto translate languages for ages. And you’re right, it’s good for pattern recognition or repetitive slow tasks to complete manual. But THAT is what it is. It’s pattern recognition. It’s not intelligence. It’s a glorified search engine. And autopilot isn’t AI. It’s literally just programming rules for how to respond to situations. It’s not figuring it out on its own. It’s years of compiling visuals and videos and programming what and how to respond. permalink parent award report block reply Ifeargovtmorethan 0 points 5 days ago You have a lot to learn permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 5 days ago Go on, give us a use that isn't a compilation of search results, whether from the internet, a bunch of data sets you give it, or a bunch of media that you give it. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 7 points 5 days ago That's just scratching the surface. Take those questions further and ask it to perform analysis on the results and you're getting to some common public uses. The business uses of AI are staggering however. It turns into an English language based querying tool that can instantly compile data from disparate sources without the need for the sources to have the same references or go through any type of mapping. Every software or tech-related company utilizes AI heavily. The public uses are going to be time-saving but not life-changing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 5 days ago Like it said, it’s super google. Even when you ask it for further analysis, it’s just searching more. When you’re having it compile data sets, yep, it’s just search again. And sure, there are some applications that it makes a lot easier, absolutely. But it’s not the world changing technological breakthrough it’s being made out to be. It’s super google. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
HoganT -2 points 5 days ago Like it said, it’s super google. Even when you ask it for further analysis, it’s just searching more. When you’re having it compile data sets, yep, it’s just search again. And sure, there are some applications that it makes a lot easier, absolutely. But it’s not the world changing technological breakthrough it’s being made out to be. It’s super google. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
maleitch 5 points 5 days ago Jesus you clowns really feel confident in lecturing everyone on things you have zero fcking clue about?  I would never lecture an anonymous group about nuclear engineering because I watched Chernobyl once. You must all be very young.  No that is 100% not how it works.  They are actually coding learning, something you don't have the iq to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 4 points 5 days ago It’s not, an internet search can’t translate languages, or compose different lists and forms of media based on your requirements. You’re not totally wrong in downplaying its utility, but it does have pattern recognition and can use it to make its own compositions based on what it’s “learned”. Tesla autopilot isn’t doing an internet search. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 5 days ago Are you kidding me? You’ve been able to auto translate languages for ages. And you’re right, it’s good for pattern recognition or repetitive slow tasks to complete manual. But THAT is what it is. It’s pattern recognition. It’s not intelligence. It’s a glorified search engine. And autopilot isn’t AI. It’s literally just programming rules for how to respond to situations. It’s not figuring it out on its own. It’s years of compiling visuals and videos and programming what and how to respond. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 5 days ago Are you kidding me? You’ve been able to auto translate languages for ages. And you’re right, it’s good for pattern recognition or repetitive slow tasks to complete manual. But THAT is what it is. It’s pattern recognition. It’s not intelligence. It’s a glorified search engine. And autopilot isn’t AI. It’s literally just programming rules for how to respond to situations. It’s not figuring it out on its own. It’s years of compiling visuals and videos and programming what and how to respond. permalink parent award report block reply
Ifeargovtmorethan 0 points 5 days ago You have a lot to learn permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 5 days ago Go on, give us a use that isn't a compilation of search results, whether from the internet, a bunch of data sets you give it, or a bunch of media that you give it. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 5 days ago Go on, give us a use that isn't a compilation of search results, whether from the internet, a bunch of data sets you give it, or a bunch of media that you give it. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago Pr evokes some measure of restraint and a plan. Ai has hype men permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago No, that's incorrect by omission. Yes it is an indexed in memory data set, but it's also various methodologies of reforming pieces of that data into coherent responses. Both are made possible by vast amounts of compute power the latter is technology that isn't necessarily "new", but thanks to the former it is quickly evolving. permalink parent award report block reply
CMDRConanAAnderson 5 points 5 days ago When they find out "muh AI takeover" was just an excuse to fire then outsource workers in the tech industry there will be jail time for higher ups. given how brazen they were, I expect some moronic DEI CEOs left a paper trail. permalink award report block reply anotherrandomname 3 points 5 days ago there will be jail time for higher ups. lol lmao Our "betters" never face real consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherrandomname 3 points 5 days ago there will be jail time for higher ups. lol lmao Our "betters" never face real consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
heightnoise 5 points 5 days ago Those two in particular, absolutely. Their funding streams have become too incestuous. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, their revenue diagram is a circle permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 6 points 5 days ago Yeah, their revenue diagram is a circle permalink parent award report block reply
Madnote1984 4 points 5 days ago Personally, I question all of the investment and infrastructure for this generation's AI when quantum computing is just OTH. There's tons of startups with operating prototypes including Google, which is already using DeepThink with their quantum computing machine. A single Quantum machine will make a warehouse with 10,000 AI GPU servers obsolete overnight. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 2 points 5 days ago Funny, I hear quantum computing is basically a useless scam. permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 3 points 5 days ago My understanding is it is working. The issue is stability and error correction. They can turn it on for a few minutes, do a calculation, and shut it off because it's too unstable to run longer than that. From Gemini: Google Quantum AI The Google Quantum AI team focuses on building fault-tolerant quantum computers. They have made significant progress. Key achievements include: "Willow" Chip: This quantum chip is designed to reduce errors exponentially as it scales up. This is a breakthrough in quantum error correction. "Quantum Echoes" Algorithm: This new algorithm runs on the Willow chip. It has demonstrated a "verifiable quantum advantage." It performs a specific computation 13,000 times faster than the most sophisticated classical supercomputers. This algorithm is inspired by sonar. It has potential applications in drug discovery and materials science by modeling molecular structures. Quantum Supremacy: In 2019, Google's "Sycamore" processor performed a calculation in 200 seconds. It would have taken a supercomputer an estimated 10,000 years to do the same calculation. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 2 points 5 days ago Funny, I hear quantum computing is basically a useless scam. permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 3 points 5 days ago My understanding is it is working. The issue is stability and error correction. They can turn it on for a few minutes, do a calculation, and shut it off because it's too unstable to run longer than that. From Gemini: Google Quantum AI The Google Quantum AI team focuses on building fault-tolerant quantum computers. They have made significant progress. Key achievements include: "Willow" Chip: This quantum chip is designed to reduce errors exponentially as it scales up. This is a breakthrough in quantum error correction. "Quantum Echoes" Algorithm: This new algorithm runs on the Willow chip. It has demonstrated a "verifiable quantum advantage." It performs a specific computation 13,000 times faster than the most sophisticated classical supercomputers. This algorithm is inspired by sonar. It has potential applications in drug discovery and materials science by modeling molecular structures. Quantum Supremacy: In 2019, Google's "Sycamore" processor performed a calculation in 200 seconds. It would have taken a supercomputer an estimated 10,000 years to do the same calculation. permalink parent award report block reply
Madnote1984 3 points 5 days ago My understanding is it is working. The issue is stability and error correction. They can turn it on for a few minutes, do a calculation, and shut it off because it's too unstable to run longer than that. From Gemini: Google Quantum AI The Google Quantum AI team focuses on building fault-tolerant quantum computers. They have made significant progress. Key achievements include: "Willow" Chip: This quantum chip is designed to reduce errors exponentially as it scales up. This is a breakthrough in quantum error correction. "Quantum Echoes" Algorithm: This new algorithm runs on the Willow chip. It has demonstrated a "verifiable quantum advantage." It performs a specific computation 13,000 times faster than the most sophisticated classical supercomputers. This algorithm is inspired by sonar. It has potential applications in drug discovery and materials science by modeling molecular structures. Quantum Supremacy: In 2019, Google's "Sycamore" processor performed a calculation in 200 seconds. It would have taken a supercomputer an estimated 10,000 years to do the same calculation. permalink parent award report block reply
SilverBackTrump 4 points 5 days ago Burry has called 3 bubbles every year for the last 2 decades permalink award report block reply
Sup_squidy 3 points 5 days ago He’s predicted 86 of the last 2 recessions stonks go burrrrr this guys a joke permalink award report block reply
Wascally 3 points 5 days ago What is being called AI ain't AI. It's next generation dynamic scripting with hands on a "wheel" controlling the narrative. It's being used to slap a new label on old "apps" to be sold as "AI App" to the current generations that are "app fatigued". It's the new bubble that's going to "pop" a lot sooner than most bubbles. We will not have real AI until we return to analog computing - more specifically Bio Electro Synaptic Analog Computing.  Analog is 100% real time, Digital is near real time but never 100% real time and cannot be 100% real time. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 3 points 5 days ago Thanks for letting us know you are clueless. While there is no real intelligence behind ai, it is still a very useful tool. If you have never used it to write a program to do exactly what you need, you will never understand how useful this is. Every time I run into a problem in my computer work that used to either cost me time or money, I now use Ai to wite me a program that does exactly what I need. Everything from extracting and consolidation urls from a bunch of documents and displaying them as links so I can just click them to launch them, to a very complex text editor to help me work out my thoughts and ideas in a way that works well with my scatterbrain thought process and increases my productivity. permalink parent award report block reply Wascally 3 points 5 days ago Seriously, read what you just posted. You literally just told hundreds, thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands that you are: unskilled unmotivated undisciplined lazy unorganized unproductive You may as well just erase your brain - sign a letter authorizing it as an organ donor for a Cylon clone production plant . . . . . . and hit the off switch. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 5 days ago What you're talking about is artificial consciousness, not artificial intelligence. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 3 points 5 days ago Thanks for letting us know you are clueless. While there is no real intelligence behind ai, it is still a very useful tool. If you have never used it to write a program to do exactly what you need, you will never understand how useful this is. Every time I run into a problem in my computer work that used to either cost me time or money, I now use Ai to wite me a program that does exactly what I need. Everything from extracting and consolidation urls from a bunch of documents and displaying them as links so I can just click them to launch them, to a very complex text editor to help me work out my thoughts and ideas in a way that works well with my scatterbrain thought process and increases my productivity. permalink parent award report block reply Wascally 3 points 5 days ago Seriously, read what you just posted. You literally just told hundreds, thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands that you are: unskilled unmotivated undisciplined lazy unorganized unproductive You may as well just erase your brain - sign a letter authorizing it as an organ donor for a Cylon clone production plant . . . . . . and hit the off switch. permalink parent award report block reply
Wascally 3 points 5 days ago Seriously, read what you just posted. You literally just told hundreds, thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands that you are: unskilled unmotivated undisciplined lazy unorganized unproductive You may as well just erase your brain - sign a letter authorizing it as an organ donor for a Cylon clone production plant . . . . . . and hit the off switch. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 3 points 5 days ago What you're talking about is artificial consciousness, not artificial intelligence. permalink parent award report block reply
dankai420 3 points 5 days ago He's always early, it will pop but it will take a while, a year at least. The US needs to print money to feed the AI bubble or China wins the AI race and we're going to be eating crickets while they eat the steak. permalink award report block reply
Maganifice7 3 points 5 days ago I think Ai is going to mimic the early internet. Everyone and their brother are going to create ai everything and then eventually most of those companies are going to fail, once the newness wears off. Ai isn't going to die or vanish, just the wow factor. Eventually it will just be another thing we use, like the internet or a smart phone. Of course it will also have the down side of being exploited by the government, like the internet or a smart phone. Ai is a useful tool, but it is not smart, and it has no real intelligence. permalink award report block reply
ERIC_CIARAMELLA 3 points 5 days ago It will pop.  I'm a level 3 engineer.  I'm doing my best to delay the AI slop from my company and so far I haven't received too much pushback. But what I foresee in other organizations is we're going to be a society of bullet points without the nuance of the inbetween, much worse than what us corpos already experience.  It is best we refrain from allowing it. Nuance is key to success and leadership.  Remember that. permalink award report block reply
JanOctSept 3 points 5 days ago It’s too resource hungry and starts learning from other ai brainrot to its detriment. Basically instead of getting Skynet, we got a dog that keeps eating its own vomit so much that it starves to death. permalink award report block reply
awsure 3 points 5 days ago I’d listen to that guy… permalink award report block reply QuantumBogosity 9 points 5 days ago I wouldn't. If you are going to make money shorting something you need to be correct on both timing and direction and the market can be retarded longer than you can be solvent. He almost went broke betting against mortgage backed securities; he was too early. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, I wouldn't say he got lucky once but he actually botched what he did and should've made waaaaaay more. Still he is well-versed but also not has much of a prophet as people pretend he is. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 2 points 5 days ago He wasn't too early, the banks propped up  and delayed their position so they could sell higher then their junk was worth. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 3 points 5 days ago lol go ahead and pull his track record. If memory serves he’s 1-6. And his 1 was nearly a disaster for him. permalink parent award report block reply
QuantumBogosity 9 points 5 days ago I wouldn't. If you are going to make money shorting something you need to be correct on both timing and direction and the market can be retarded longer than you can be solvent. He almost went broke betting against mortgage backed securities; he was too early. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, I wouldn't say he got lucky once but he actually botched what he did and should've made waaaaaay more. Still he is well-versed but also not has much of a prophet as people pretend he is. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 2 points 5 days ago He wasn't too early, the banks propped up  and delayed their position so they could sell higher then their junk was worth. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, I wouldn't say he got lucky once but he actually botched what he did and should've made waaaaaay more. Still he is well-versed but also not has much of a prophet as people pretend he is. permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 2 points 5 days ago He wasn't too early, the banks propped up  and delayed their position so they could sell higher then their junk was worth. permalink parent award report block reply
Kricket 3 points 5 days ago lol go ahead and pull his track record. If memory serves he’s 1-6. And his 1 was nearly a disaster for him. permalink parent award report block reply
cook_does 2 points 5 days ago I am all in on a bust, however, it will be at the doorstep of a better iteration of AI. permalink award report block reply
BigBadLeo 2 points 5 days ago What ever draw downs occur due to any perceived bubble will be offset by most other companies achieving increased efficiency and profitability by implementing AI tools.  So, in the long term it will be a wash, and the market will continue it's march upward. permalink award report block reply
PartisanHack 2 points 5 days ago You know, a short position on nVidia would net a LOT of money. permalink award report block reply
BarneyFrank 2 points 5 days ago The next major market move is down and a lot of heat will come out of these AI players but that doesn’t necessarily mean that these still aren’t great long term bets. permalink award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago What's stopping them from all reaching the upper limit of what AI can do, then bidding their prices down to zero? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Because that is like people in the 70s saying that video games are a bubble. There effectively isn't a ceiling. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Having a revolutionary product doesn't guarantee making money.  What unique things are AI companies doing that no one will ever copy? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Thats the bubble part. "AI companies" isn't a real thing. OpenAI, ChatGPT, Copilot, Grok are all programs that larger companies developed. I guess Elon's xAI company is arguable, but that's part of the larger conglomerate. Almost every tech company is using AI to augment their existing technology.  Some of it is built in-house, some are leveraging the existing AI technology. permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 1 points 5 days ago What's stopping them from all reaching the upper limit of what AI can do, then bidding their prices down to zero? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Because that is like people in the 70s saying that video games are a bubble. There effectively isn't a ceiling. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Having a revolutionary product doesn't guarantee making money.  What unique things are AI companies doing that no one will ever copy? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Thats the bubble part. "AI companies" isn't a real thing. OpenAI, ChatGPT, Copilot, Grok are all programs that larger companies developed. I guess Elon's xAI company is arguable, but that's part of the larger conglomerate. Almost every tech company is using AI to augment their existing technology.  Some of it is built in-house, some are leveraging the existing AI technology. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Because that is like people in the 70s saying that video games are a bubble. There effectively isn't a ceiling. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Having a revolutionary product doesn't guarantee making money.  What unique things are AI companies doing that no one will ever copy? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Thats the bubble part. "AI companies" isn't a real thing. OpenAI, ChatGPT, Copilot, Grok are all programs that larger companies developed. I guess Elon's xAI company is arguable, but that's part of the larger conglomerate. Almost every tech company is using AI to augment their existing technology.  Some of it is built in-house, some are leveraging the existing AI technology. permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Having a revolutionary product doesn't guarantee making money.  What unique things are AI companies doing that no one will ever copy? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Thats the bubble part. "AI companies" isn't a real thing. OpenAI, ChatGPT, Copilot, Grok are all programs that larger companies developed. I guess Elon's xAI company is arguable, but that's part of the larger conglomerate. Almost every tech company is using AI to augment their existing technology.  Some of it is built in-house, some are leveraging the existing AI technology. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Thats the bubble part. "AI companies" isn't a real thing. OpenAI, ChatGPT, Copilot, Grok are all programs that larger companies developed. I guess Elon's xAI company is arguable, but that's part of the larger conglomerate. Almost every tech company is using AI to augment their existing technology.  Some of it is built in-house, some are leveraging the existing AI technology. permalink parent award report block reply
TheSwampThang 2 points 5 days ago It won't pop until openAI has its IOP.  They're looking for a huge payout at the end of this bubble.   Except the bubble to pop less than 6 months after openAI ipo. permalink award report block reply
BibleProphecyFulfill 1 points 5 days ago Everyone can see that the AI bubble rhymes with the dotcom bubble. There's a lot of money tied up in junk AI companies. permalink award report block reply
Suture_Self 1 points 5 days ago This guy was famously right one time, and wrong a whole bunch of other times. permalink award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago bought $187.6 million in puts on Nvidia and $912 million in puts on Palantir, Obviously blind puts on Palantir but are they covered puts on Nvidia or blind? Huge difference. permalink award report block reply
solarsavior 1 points 5 days ago Yup.  We're at peak hype in the Gartner hype cycle for AI. Best I could do. https://www.pasqal.com/resources/new-gartner-hype-cycle-for-ai-report-2025/ permalink award report block reply
NeverTwitterer 1 points 5 days ago The AI bubble pop will be nothing like DotCom crash. The big players, companies like Google and Microsoft aren't going to dissapear over this. Chipmakers and AI only startups will crash and burn, but that isn't a big enough blast radius to take out the broader economy. Yes, stocks will crash, but we aren't talking '08 here. The grift goes away and the actual useful stuff will remain and be built upon. permalink award report block reply
ErnstJunger 1 points 5 days ago Everyone knows it. But when? permalink award report block reply
IAmNotAnAutist 1 points 5 days ago This is almost a certainty.  I wish I had cash to short that slop, too. permalink award report block reply
Yignuced 1 points 5 days ago I’m ready permalink award report block reply
Steve1 1 points 5 days ago Pets.com … Pets.A.I. - valuation 100 Billion sales $50 bucks permalink award report block reply
Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 5 days ago This when we get a peak behind the curtain and find out Ai is really Indian call centers permalink award report block reply
123breadman 1 points 5 days ago Thank you. Waiting for schizoids on this site to start belching how AI is taking over everything. How AI can't clean a toilet or other jobs illegals can do, but it can easily be your doctor and prescribe drugs with zero plausible issues. permalink award report block reply
VienneseSunrise 1 points 5 days ago New tech ALWAYS does this. R&D Proof of concept Initial release Wide scale adoption Hype and excitement <---- YOU ARE HERE Limitations of new tech identified Bubble bursts Long term assimilation of new technology Previous examples: Video game bust of the early 80s DotCom bubble of the late 90s/00s Blackberrys permalink award report block reply
Rey_ 1 points 5 days ago If you believe he's right sell everything and make the same bet... I bet you won't. permalink award report block reply
Krat 1 points 5 days ago Shit, i'd probably make that bet too if I could permalink award report block reply
yurimodin 1 points 5 days ago Please, our electric bills need relief 🙏 permalink award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 1 points 5 days ago The entire market is due for a top and serious correction. Be ready. permalink award report block reply
SenorTrumper 1 points 5 days ago Bookmarked permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 5 days ago There’s real money in AI but a lot of the big money is driven by technical trends not long term investors. You don’t know where the bubble will pop or how big it is. Invest in companies that will do well long term and when the bubble pops use it as an opportunity to buy more. If you didn’t overpay for your investment you’ll make money still. permalink award report block reply
MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 5 days ago So how do I make money off of this? permalink award report block reply yurimodin 1 points 5 days ago Ask ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply
yurimodin 1 points 5 days ago Ask ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 5 days ago It obviously will. Too many companies are jumping in trying to make it do things it’s not capable of with the current technology. Same thing happened with the dotcom bubble. A lot of companies are going under or bought by the couple of companies that do it right. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 4 days ago This is looking more and more alike a globohomo attempted crash of the stock market... permalink award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 5 days ago Good permalink award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 1 points 5 days ago There's a bubble. Especially with all the offshoots once you achieve AGI. Secondly this is an industry the military has greenlit for an undefined amount of time. That being said AI in America will continue at a breakneck speed (the goal is to be first) and in 30 years your life will be defined by which operating system AI your community uses, not state/country borders. AI has the capability of shifting society the same way cars/planes have done. It also may be the end of all of us. permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 1 points 5 days ago AI is proving to be quite powerful and useful, sorry.  Cutting jobs and using computers is a huge incentive for companies to keep investing. permalink award report block reply
AgnesDomini 1 points 5 days ago No neighborhood wants their electric rates to skyrocket and the local water supply to be diverted to the A.I. processing plants. They vote against the development at their town halls. permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago Can't wait for the next movie featuring this bet permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago AI isn't going away, though. It's just going to wane in popularity as the functionality just gets woven into search engines and it consolidates down. The use of AI as separate and distinct technological entities is going to disappear and it's going to become as common as social media soon. permalink award report block reply
mikejones 1 points 5 days ago Bitcoin floating around $100,000 and ETH looking weak. I don't doubt the world would love to ultra rekt us and blame Trump. permalink award report block reply
cryptoapebot 1 points 5 days ago Three years too early, but sure. permalink award report block reply
SkullE 1 points 5 days ago AI needs to make more money than it uses in electricity and data centers. So far it has not even come close. permalink award report block reply
Shayhawk 1 points 5 days ago Idiocracy was prophecy... permalink award report block reply
rileyper 1 points 5 days ago I'm getting conflicting information cause Jim Cramer says to ditch AI investments. permalink award report block reply
flp999 1 points 5 days ago Based. Drive them into the fucking dirt. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 5 days ago Its a good bet permalink award report block reply
quiznossucks 1 points 5 days ago But Jim (right all the time) Kramer says different 😆😆😆😆😆😆 permalink award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago Yes, there is an AI bubble.  Its not Nvidia or Palantir. permalink award report block reply
krepoisbest 1 points 5 days ago Which would be bad for crypto too btw. Be careful permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 5 days ago Good bet.  The AI hype is completely retarded.  Large language models are just predictive conversation continuation machines.  They read a lot of human conversations and build a model to be able to add words to partial conversations in ways that superficially match what the human conversations did.  It has zero understanding of the content.  Which you can easily see by devising a question that the engine will have never seen any conversation about. permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 0 points 5 days ago I think people need to understand that AI isn't what they are hedging. This push is to power through the crazies. AI is literally about getting rid of woke while at the same time gaslighting everybody. The global elite turned the world into a competition for who can be the most subversive using bullshit like climate change and race politics. AI is a sledgehammer to break out of it. permalink award report block reply julianReyes 1 points 5 days ago AI is all about enforcing the narrative with the breakdown of legacy media, wtf are you talking about? Take a look at Grok 4. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago I'm not saying AI won't be woke. You have to understand woke isn't an ideology to faggots like Larry Fink. It's a tool for control. The amount of money flowing into it is intended to break through that control. It's forcing people to do practical things that woke wouldn't've allowed. So it's not AI that represents that. It's just a blunt instrument people are using to crack through the stranglehold. That doesn't mean it will be a better thing. So it's not an enforcement of legacy media or a conjuring up a new version with the same people at the levers. It's other people trying to get that control. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 5 days ago Fuck no, these language models shove out gibberish in favor of those retarded woke views. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago Of course they do. I'm just not explaining it well enough. Woke is just a tool of control. It's just a different version and the people who want woke for that control will try to use AI in that way but that's not why all the money is flooding in. Old guards don't use new tools. They try to turn the new tools into the old methods of control. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 1 points 5 days ago AI is all about enforcing the narrative with the breakdown of legacy media, wtf are you talking about? Take a look at Grok 4. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago I'm not saying AI won't be woke. You have to understand woke isn't an ideology to faggots like Larry Fink. It's a tool for control. The amount of money flowing into it is intended to break through that control. It's forcing people to do practical things that woke wouldn't've allowed. So it's not AI that represents that. It's just a blunt instrument people are using to crack through the stranglehold. That doesn't mean it will be a better thing. So it's not an enforcement of legacy media or a conjuring up a new version with the same people at the levers. It's other people trying to get that control. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago I'm not saying AI won't be woke. You have to understand woke isn't an ideology to faggots like Larry Fink. It's a tool for control. The amount of money flowing into it is intended to break through that control. It's forcing people to do practical things that woke wouldn't've allowed. So it's not AI that represents that. It's just a blunt instrument people are using to crack through the stranglehold. That doesn't mean it will be a better thing. So it's not an enforcement of legacy media or a conjuring up a new version with the same people at the levers. It's other people trying to get that control. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 5 days ago Fuck no, these language models shove out gibberish in favor of those retarded woke views. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago Of course they do. I'm just not explaining it well enough. Woke is just a tool of control. It's just a different version and the people who want woke for that control will try to use AI in that way but that's not why all the money is flooding in. Old guards don't use new tools. They try to turn the new tools into the old methods of control. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 5 days ago Of course they do. I'm just not explaining it well enough. Woke is just a tool of control. It's just a different version and the people who want woke for that control will try to use AI in that way but that's not why all the money is flooding in. Old guards don't use new tools. They try to turn the new tools into the old methods of control. permalink parent award report block reply
maleitch -1 points 5 days ago The majority of the posters on here have ZERO technical background to be discussing AI and are the people that will be immediately replaced by AI With my dated system development experience and zero smartphone development experience AI developed for me a fully functioning apk I installed on my phone in under two hours with the exact features I wanted.  Two hours! Just because you use AI to make cat videos doesn't mean you have the background to be discussing AI. The same necks whining about AI are the same ones who bag on crypto while clinging to boomer fairy tales like 401ks. permalink award report block reply julianReyes 2 points 5 days ago Not that impressive, it just scraped a bunch of data from beginner programming textbooks. who bag on crypto while clinging to boomer fairy tales like 401ks Yeah, you're a moron. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago If you don't think AI is impressive, you have no idea how its being used. permalink parent award report block reply maleitch 1 points 5 days ago And how the fuck does anyone learn anything?  Let me guess, you were just born brilliant and didn't have to "scrape" knowledge from books. So you just admitted that AI by "scraping" books to learn how to program is just right there accomplishing something 90% of the fucking humans on this planet would never be able to do. And yeah, keep feeding your 401Ks like your daddy told you to so you might "retire" with 8% gains.  You think anyone on wall street invests in 401Ks for their money? Yeah, I am the moron.  Fucking childish clown. permalink parent award report block reply Maganifice7 1 points 5 days ago Ai is very useful for programming. Crypto isn't currency, it's a stock based on nothing. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago AI is very useful for trash programming ftfy permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 5 days ago Only if you don't know how to use AI. Seen similar arguments against every previous type of programming tool and language. Its ignorance to blame a tool. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago its not a tool when all it does is make you dumber it cant do anything for me because i do things for myself and learn the correct way permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... maleitch 1 points 5 days ago I have AI create me multiple useful apps, and the internet is full of videos showing the same. Like most on here, you don't know what the fuck your are talking about, but like arrogant little leftists you feel the need to chime in on things you have little background in because mommy said you were the smartest kid in kindergarten once. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 days ago i know how to code, i dont need shit code generator permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 5 days ago ZERO technical background to be discussing AI and are the people that will be immediately replaced by AI The people with zero technical background here mostly are unemployed losers or do a job with a physical component. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 2 points 5 days ago Not that impressive, it just scraped a bunch of data from beginner programming textbooks. who bag on crypto while clinging to boomer fairy tales like 401ks Yeah, you're a moron. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago If you don't think AI is impressive, you have no idea how its being used. permalink parent award report block reply maleitch 1 points 5 days ago And how the fuck does anyone learn anything?  Let me guess, you were just born brilliant and didn't have to "scrape" knowledge from books. So you just admitted that AI by "scraping" books to learn how to program is just right there accomplishing something 90% of the fucking humans on this planet would never be able to do. And yeah, keep feeding your 401Ks like your daddy told you to so you might "retire" with 8% gains.  You think anyone on wall street invests in 401Ks for their money? Yeah, I am the moron.  Fucking childish clown. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 5 days ago If you don't think AI is impressive, you have no idea how its being used. permalink parent award report block reply
maleitch 1 points 5 days ago And how the fuck does anyone learn anything?  Let me guess, you were just born brilliant and didn't have to "scrape" knowledge from books. So you just admitted that AI by "scraping" books to learn how to program is just right there accomplishing something 90% of the fucking humans on this planet would never be able to do. And yeah, keep feeding your 401Ks like your daddy told you to so you might "retire" with 8% gains.  You think anyone on wall street invests in 401Ks for their money? Yeah, I am the moron.  Fucking childish clown. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 1 points 5 days ago Ai is very useful for programming. Crypto isn't currency, it's a stock based on nothing. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago AI is very useful for trash programming ftfy permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 5 days ago Only if you don't know how to use AI. Seen similar arguments against every previous type of programming tool and language. Its ignorance to blame a tool. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago its not a tool when all it does is make you dumber it cant do anything for me because i do things for myself and learn the correct way permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... maleitch 1 points 5 days ago I have AI create me multiple useful apps, and the internet is full of videos showing the same. Like most on here, you don't know what the fuck your are talking about, but like arrogant little leftists you feel the need to chime in on things you have little background in because mommy said you were the smartest kid in kindergarten once. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 days ago i know how to code, i dont need shit code generator permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago AI is very useful for trash programming ftfy permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 5 days ago Only if you don't know how to use AI. Seen similar arguments against every previous type of programming tool and language. Its ignorance to blame a tool. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago its not a tool when all it does is make you dumber it cant do anything for me because i do things for myself and learn the correct way permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... maleitch 1 points 5 days ago I have AI create me multiple useful apps, and the internet is full of videos showing the same. Like most on here, you don't know what the fuck your are talking about, but like arrogant little leftists you feel the need to chime in on things you have little background in because mommy said you were the smartest kid in kindergarten once. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 days ago i know how to code, i dont need shit code generator permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 2 points 5 days ago Only if you don't know how to use AI. Seen similar arguments against every previous type of programming tool and language. Its ignorance to blame a tool. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago its not a tool when all it does is make you dumber it cant do anything for me because i do things for myself and learn the correct way permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 5 days ago its not a tool when all it does is make you dumber it cant do anything for me because i do things for myself and learn the correct way permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
maleitch 1 points 5 days ago I have AI create me multiple useful apps, and the internet is full of videos showing the same. Like most on here, you don't know what the fuck your are talking about, but like arrogant little leftists you feel the need to chime in on things you have little background in because mommy said you were the smartest kid in kindergarten once. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 days ago i know how to code, i dont need shit code generator permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 days ago i know how to code, i dont need shit code generator permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 5 days ago ZERO technical background to be discussing AI and are the people that will be immediately replaced by AI The people with zero technical background here mostly are unemployed losers or do a job with a physical component. permalink parent award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply