361 541,237 signatures of 875,000 needed to get Voter ID for California on the ballot collected since October 5th. Democrats can’t fight it, Wisconsin proved that. They passed voter ID, cleaned up elections, and President Trump won with ease. Now it’s California’s turn. posted 5 days ago by Mr_Rightside 19 comments award share download report block
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save rivetjoint2 11 points 5 days ago Everyone in california knows the mail-in no id BS is total fraud. permalink award report block reply PUNCHSPLOSION 10 points 5 days ago They'll need at least 2.5 million signatures since 2/3 of the signatures will be ruled invalid. /dooming permalink award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 5 days ago Prescience permalink parent award report block reply AdmrlNelson 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. It's what the Dems do every time. permalink parent award report block reply jsmurphy62 7 points 5 days ago Enough signatures will be tossed out to kill the initiative. permalink award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 7 points 5 days ago Even if we get the signatures, who gets to vote on it and who counts the votes? permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 5 points 5 days ago The fact that it didn't have a million signatures the first day is sad, the fact that it doesn't have them a month later? How? permalink award report block reply Nomad899 2 points 5 days ago Have not seen a single signature collection point in any of my travels… but i also live in a deep blue zoo of commies, indian dots and gays permalink parent award report block reply gorilla_grip 4 points 5 days ago I remember when California voted to define marriage between a man and a woman and some judge decided to over turn that. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 3 points 5 days ago And newscum as mayor of sf saying “weather you like it or not here they come” and married them in city hall permalink parent award report block reply MrPfizer 3 points 5 days ago California also gives everyone a driver's license, so it's pretty fucked anyway. permalink award report block reply Moebius 3 points 5 days ago Wont matter.  CA Democrats own the Judges. CA has voted for stuff before that got shot down instantly by corrupt Judges. There is no Law anymore... permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 2 points 5 days ago How are we going to ensure the election officials comply? I know these people and they have zero scruples. permalink award report block reply AwareandNonCompliant 2 points 5 days ago Even if it happens it will immediately be struck down by the courts as racist.  Happened in PA.  All that work and nothing happens. permalink award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 1 points 5 days ago Newscum needs to be flat-out arrested. Nothing's ever going to change while that dictator is ruling California. There were even Democrat groups telling voters to vote no on Prop 50..Newscum's little pet project..b/c it would take the redistricting power away from the Independent Body that was already created to protect against the very Gerrymandering that Newscum wants to do. And guess what? It miraculously passed with over 70% YES. That's complete BS. It's BS just like his election and his recall election. Mail-in voting is no different than Venezuela voting. It's a complete joke. permalink award report block reply yodayoda 1 points 5 days ago stop reading at california permalink award report block reply MinneMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Just get people to sign it like 5-10 times and when the legitimacy is questioned, ask them how they intend to verify the signatures permalink award report block reply shadowbanana 1 points 5 days ago There's still plenty of fraud in Wisconsin. It's just more sophisticated now. permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 11 points 5 days ago Everyone in california knows the mail-in no id BS is total fraud. permalink award report block reply
PUNCHSPLOSION 10 points 5 days ago They'll need at least 2.5 million signatures since 2/3 of the signatures will be ruled invalid. /dooming permalink award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 5 days ago Prescience permalink parent award report block reply AdmrlNelson 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. It's what the Dems do every time. permalink parent award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 3 points 5 days ago Prescience permalink parent award report block reply
AdmrlNelson 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. It's what the Dems do every time. permalink parent award report block reply
jsmurphy62 7 points 5 days ago Enough signatures will be tossed out to kill the initiative. permalink award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 7 points 5 days ago Even if we get the signatures, who gets to vote on it and who counts the votes? permalink parent award report block reply
1776Widowmaker 7 points 5 days ago Even if we get the signatures, who gets to vote on it and who counts the votes? permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 5 points 5 days ago The fact that it didn't have a million signatures the first day is sad, the fact that it doesn't have them a month later? How? permalink award report block reply Nomad899 2 points 5 days ago Have not seen a single signature collection point in any of my travels… but i also live in a deep blue zoo of commies, indian dots and gays permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 2 points 5 days ago Have not seen a single signature collection point in any of my travels… but i also live in a deep blue zoo of commies, indian dots and gays permalink parent award report block reply
gorilla_grip 4 points 5 days ago I remember when California voted to define marriage between a man and a woman and some judge decided to over turn that. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 3 points 5 days ago And newscum as mayor of sf saying “weather you like it or not here they come” and married them in city hall permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 3 points 5 days ago And newscum as mayor of sf saying “weather you like it or not here they come” and married them in city hall permalink parent award report block reply
MrPfizer 3 points 5 days ago California also gives everyone a driver's license, so it's pretty fucked anyway. permalink award report block reply
Moebius 3 points 5 days ago Wont matter.  CA Democrats own the Judges. CA has voted for stuff before that got shot down instantly by corrupt Judges. There is no Law anymore... permalink award report block reply
War_Hamster 2 points 5 days ago How are we going to ensure the election officials comply? I know these people and they have zero scruples. permalink award report block reply
AwareandNonCompliant 2 points 5 days ago Even if it happens it will immediately be struck down by the courts as racist.  Happened in PA.  All that work and nothing happens. permalink award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 1 points 5 days ago Newscum needs to be flat-out arrested. Nothing's ever going to change while that dictator is ruling California. There were even Democrat groups telling voters to vote no on Prop 50..Newscum's little pet project..b/c it would take the redistricting power away from the Independent Body that was already created to protect against the very Gerrymandering that Newscum wants to do. And guess what? It miraculously passed with over 70% YES. That's complete BS. It's BS just like his election and his recall election. Mail-in voting is no different than Venezuela voting. It's a complete joke. permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 1 points 5 days ago stop reading at california permalink award report block reply
MinneMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Just get people to sign it like 5-10 times and when the legitimacy is questioned, ask them how they intend to verify the signatures permalink award report block reply
shadowbanana 1 points 5 days ago There's still plenty of fraud in Wisconsin. It's just more sophisticated now. permalink award report block reply