50 Rare ‘Cannibal CME’ Set To Slam Earth, Raising Risk Of Ground-Level Radiation Surge, Threats To Critical Infrastructure (www.infowars.com) posted 11 hours ago by MADASHELLNEWS 8 comments award share report block Rare ‘Cannibal CME’ Set To Slam Earth, Raising Risk Of Ground-Level Radiation Surge, Threats To Critical Infrastructure A 'GROUND LEVEL EVENT' IS UNDERWAY: Today's X5-class solar flare from sunspot 4274 hurled a fuisillade of energetic protons toward Earth. Some of the particles are so powerful, they are penetrating the atmosphere all the way to the ground. "This is a very ... www.infowars.com
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save DagneyTaggart 4 points 11 hours ago Oh holy fuxk. I’ve got killer polar vortexes,  cyclone bombs and inverted heat layers to deal with. What next? It’s like a Far Side cartoon at this point. permalink award report block reply crashdaddy 2 points 11 hours ago It’s like a Far Side cartoon at this point. Exactly. Exaggerated to the point of comedy. permalink parent award report block reply FredRedd 3 points 11 hours ago Sure made for some pretty viewing last night though. permalink award report block reply PlantTrees 2 points 10 hours ago I advocate being aware of possible 'energetic' solar events/effects but this exaggeration and fear porn is ridiculous. My general approach is to choose a more informative and less 'tabloid style' source.     A channel I have been watching since 2014  that is more factual, less inflammatory is Space Weather News, Suspicious 0bservers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuPXenTkajk I note the possible disruption and unplug and/or protect electronics. permalink award report block reply flp999 2 points 11 hours ago Space weather is not new. Every aspect has been occurring and re-occurring for billions and billions of years.  Talking about it very much is. If you buy into this, it's the exact same as climate change (standard cycling of various average temperatures is dangerous starting NOW) and the psyop behind covid (all of a sudden, diseases are uniquely dangerous starting NOW). This is either totally fake or it's to cover for something else they're deliberately doing. permalink award report block reply Cowpill 1 points 10 hours ago DOOOOOOOOOOM! permalink award report block reply HumphreyPlowjogger 1 points 9 hours ago We’re all going to die ————— someday. permalink award report block reply Southernwhitebread2 1 points 11 hours ago https://youtu.be/4m11ETo8PHU permalink award report block reply
DagneyTaggart 4 points 11 hours ago Oh holy fuxk. I’ve got killer polar vortexes,  cyclone bombs and inverted heat layers to deal with. What next? It’s like a Far Side cartoon at this point. permalink award report block reply crashdaddy 2 points 11 hours ago It’s like a Far Side cartoon at this point. Exactly. Exaggerated to the point of comedy. permalink parent award report block reply
crashdaddy 2 points 11 hours ago It’s like a Far Side cartoon at this point. Exactly. Exaggerated to the point of comedy. permalink parent award report block reply
FredRedd 3 points 11 hours ago Sure made for some pretty viewing last night though. permalink award report block reply
PlantTrees 2 points 10 hours ago I advocate being aware of possible 'energetic' solar events/effects but this exaggeration and fear porn is ridiculous. My general approach is to choose a more informative and less 'tabloid style' source.     A channel I have been watching since 2014  that is more factual, less inflammatory is Space Weather News, Suspicious 0bservers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuPXenTkajk I note the possible disruption and unplug and/or protect electronics. permalink award report block reply
flp999 2 points 11 hours ago Space weather is not new. Every aspect has been occurring and re-occurring for billions and billions of years.  Talking about it very much is. If you buy into this, it's the exact same as climate change (standard cycling of various average temperatures is dangerous starting NOW) and the psyop behind covid (all of a sudden, diseases are uniquely dangerous starting NOW). This is either totally fake or it's to cover for something else they're deliberately doing. permalink award report block reply
Cowpill 1 points 10 hours ago DOOOOOOOOOOM! permalink award report block reply
HumphreyPlowjogger 1 points 9 hours ago We’re all going to die ————— someday. permalink award report block reply
Southernwhitebread2 1 points 11 hours ago https://youtu.be/4m11ETo8PHU permalink award report block reply