1667 🚨 PRESIDENT TRUMP ON FOOD STAMPS: It wasn't meant for people that could do whatever they want, who say, 'Well, I don't think I'll work! I'll just collect this money.’ posted 5 days ago by DeusVult1096 184 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 6d 🚨 PRESIDENT TRUMP ON FOOD STAMPS: It wasn't meant for people that could do whatever they want, who say, 'Well, I don't think I'll work! I'll just collect this money.’ He’s right. This shouldn’t be REMOTELY controversial.
184 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 117 points 5 days ago Many keep wondering if we’ll ever see Universal Basic Income, but for the $43million on food gibs (and probably more) it’s already here. permalink award report block reply STONKATRUCK 62 points 5 days ago When the population realizes they have access to the coffers it's the beginning of the end of that civilization or something like that permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 40 points 5 days ago They’ll vote the idiots in that will give them their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 11 points 5 days ago After the blue wave- fuck them I'm quite sure 9 out of 10 on welfare are dems. No upside to keep funding. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 2 points 5 days ago He needs to go hard. They will turn on dems for keeping the government shutdown when the gibs are cut off. permalink parent award report block reply llirrem 2 points 5 days ago Blue wave? The special elections that happened were all in Dem controlled areas, it was a blue wave in the middle of a blue sea. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. Let them starve. They literally want to murder us so fuck them. They're our enemies permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Blue tidal pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 7 points 5 days ago Are they idiots though? They know what they are doing and understand it's bad for the country and don't care one little bit. They are getting the power and money they seek. Idiots, no. Crooks, yes. permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 2 points 5 days ago they're just living in the moment... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... WinWinSovereign 1 points 5 days ago Hard to run against Santa permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 8 points 5 days ago The grain dole can never go away. The emperor who gives the most free grain is loved by the masses, even if it brings them ruin permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago Don't forget that there must be games as well. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 7 points 5 days ago Many people are reading Democrcy: The God That Failed . permalink parent award report block reply xkgb 4 points 5 days ago The road to hell is paved with ebt cards. permalink parent award report block reply JustAnotherPsyopNPC 2 points 5 days ago And tumble-weaves permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 1 points 5 days ago Imagine if a commie like Bernie or his bartender girl become Commander in Thief. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Emodius 17 points 5 days ago Exactly. These fucks are lazy and they are polluting our society with worthless kids who learned to be lazy grifters from their parents permalink parent award report block reply Pearcesarrow 9 points 5 days ago Not just lazy. More importantly, poor choices in life. We as society have largely removed the consequences of making poor choices. I could go on but I think everyone here understands permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago "Poor" choices that make you wealthy. Free food, healthcare, rent and cash money every month. Yes CASH money. Nobody talks about that part. Also free heating/electric from low income programs. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 5 days ago Like the news stories that begin “Single mother on SNAP with four children…” permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 3 points 5 days ago Don't feed the squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 5 days ago UBI is a concern in the advent of AI job displacement for sure, but as you said it's demonstrably here. In The Expanse (the book series at least) Earth has "basic". You either go deeper into education to cultivate skills, or you go on "basic". It has some undertones that you don't get to change that path, but I could be misremembering. However, even by author(s) who seem to lean with that political bent, the way "basic" is portrayed is as a soulless, meaningless and directionless life. You are given food, you are given housing in a fashion, but the luxuries and comforts are still only truly afforded to the people who get out there and do something. I think people who fetishize UBI want to believe that they'll just get to stay home and follow all of their hobbies, play video games and surf Reddit all day. But I highly doubt a true UBI would fund any of those things. You would get the barest minimum, the basic faculties required to sustain yourself. But it would not be an interesting life. And all of that is scary when that's what they want for all of normal humanity. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 6 points 5 days ago It's already here. Many of the folks living in tents in the cities weren't forced into homelessness, they are there because they want to be there. They get a smartphone and enough government assistance to prevent starvation and keep them high.  Free medical and mental health care. Maybe supplemented with a little petty theft or prostitution. All of them have substance abuse or serious mental health problems, most have both. Many American workers pay to go camping on their days off. The urban nomadic get paid to do it! permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 3 points 5 days ago If UBI ever did become a thing, all people would do is complain how it's not enough and constantly want more and more. It'll never be enough. permalink parent award report block reply newuser8 1 points 5 days ago It's like any business. 80% of employees are generally low performing and useless and they always demand more compensation. They are permanent victims.  The top 20% or less of people in organizations or even countries are the ones who get shit done. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 4 points 5 days ago Their handouts are far more than "basic". They are living large. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Universal basic income+Universal health care. Someone has to pay for it. The government cant just print money. We did  during Biden and where did that get us. Its pie and the sky and has no basis in reality. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... blue5707 49 points 5 days ago HOW did it even get to that point is the real question? permalink award report block reply Konsaki 43 points 5 days ago Laziness, corruption and suicidal empathy. permalink parent award report block reply Burneraccountno4 24 points 5 days ago The big one is corruption. You almost never hear of people getting convicted for snap fraud because there is no oversight. Amazing how the government has a huge and aggressive oversight agency called the IRS to make sure you give the government your hard earned money but they have no similar oversight when it comes to handing out the money they took from you. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago *suicidal empathy courtesy of the 19th Amendment. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago Free gibs = free dem votes for life. permalink parent award report block reply NotMyGovernor 1 points 5 days ago Blacks in the ebt departments most likely. permalink parent award report block reply Shakakka99 26 points 5 days ago Bloat.  Programs always expand, they never contract. permalink parent award report block reply Mecoperator2525 9 points 5 days ago People always said the scamming of this system is only a small percentage and it wasn't worth going after the criminals permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 11 points 5 days ago The entire system itself is a scam. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 3 points 5 days ago Well its basically just a giant glorified pyramid scheme permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 5 points 5 days ago Sounds similar to what the left says about election fraud, “never happens”, but yet here we are. To answer the original question, “HOW did it even get to that point”: Slowly. Everyone who’s overweight has a moment of clarity where they ask themselves “how did I get here?”. Easy, one bad meal (or snack) at a time. The equivalent for gibs is one small gib at a time on the books + plus an indefinite expansion of who qualifies. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago TBF, they might not have gotten there if the government hadn't sanctioned the poisoning of our food supply these last decades. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 6 points 5 days ago Well, we have this group of people that have called themselves conservatives yet have failed to conserve anything since the 60s. They've especially failed to conserve the one absolutely essential thing for the long term survival of a society and country, demographics. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Amen to that brother! (Sister?) permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Those wernt conservatives they just say they were. Fuck replace with conservatives with Christian  in that last sentence  i'm starting to spund like a broken record. People are fake permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 5 days ago Democrats use your money to buy their votes permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Taxes? Whats that? permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments... Bullet3250 40 points 5 days ago For the longest time - no immigrant could even apply for welfare - you HAD to have a Job or other means of support AS PART OF ADMISSION. Now we need to drop immigration levels to ZERO. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 25 points 5 days ago Now we need to drop immigration levels to ZERO We need double-digit negative immigration levels.  MOAR deportations! permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago ^This permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe 3 points 5 days ago Need to drop immigration levels to NEGATIVE. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins 2 points 5 days ago Redditors will tell you that illegal immigrants can't get welfare. The fine print is that they don't consider "asylum seekers" as illegal immigrants, and their children do qualify for food stamps, so the parents collect hundreds of dollars a month for each child they have. permalink parent award report block reply flp999 26 points 5 days ago There's no fucking jobs. Our overlords outsourced them all. GET THE FUCKING JOBS BACK. Call out every outsourcing CEO by name. Shame them. Get the political capital built up, then pass legislation. You could bring back 5 million call center jobs in a week. THEN get on people's asses about getting benefits and not having jobs. If you do it when there's no jobs to get, and you could actually do something to change that (in fact, that's YOUR job), it just makes you an asshole. permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 12 points 5 days ago Fuck those call center jobs.  Drop bombs on those call centers and never replace them.  I'm tired of getting 30 fucking calls a day from people I don't want to talk to. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 7 points 5 days ago I think he's talking about current service jobs. I really don't like taking to people in the Philippines or India to cancel my account or activate a new phone or get a refund.. bring those jobs back to the US where we should have native English speakers answering calls permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I'm to the point I think they're all scammers, even when I call the company and one of "them" answers. I really hate this timeline. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 1 points 5 days ago High probability permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Fuck yeah! permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Ill take a call center job fuck you permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 1 points 5 days ago It'll be outsourced to A.I.  I know people say that kind of thing a lot but call center jobs are among the first things that A.I. will logically consume. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 4 points 5 days ago There's plenty of jobs.  No one wants to work.  I literally cant find enough warm bodies to fill all the jobs we have right now.  Anyone with a pulse can show up and be working that day, but they dont want to cuz it might cut into their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Where are you? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 5 days ago Iowa permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago I got downvoted for asking where you are...fucking assholes. Anyway, that's too far to commute for me. I've applied for dozens of jobs recently, I can't even get a call back. Not complicated jobs, delivery driver, retail, labor, that kind of stuff. I'm glad Iowa is doing well. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Emodius 2 points 5 days ago Oh shut up we are at full employment these fucks just refuse to work permalink parent award report block reply FuckChinaLongTime 2 points 5 days ago Yes, that 6 year old and that 75 year old should just go to trade school or get a job in construction, right? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Bullshit we are at full employment. You can't buy a job where I live. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Why the fuck are you buying jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago LOL I'm not! Nobody will sell one! It's a play on an old idiom. "You can't buy a ...(insert noun)"
It was meant tongue in cheek, but in all seriousness I've been looking for a simple sort of job and nobody in my area is hiring. Or at least nobody is calling me back. But I know through family that teenagers around here are having the same problems getting a job. Definitely not seeing any "help wanted" signs anywhere. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 24 points 5 days ago Ride-sharing app gigs took off when everyone got fired during CoViD. Everyone was struggling to find work, but Globalists brought caravans of labor here. Why would they want Americans to be unemployed? permalink award report block reply knnbccb 16 points 5 days ago The problem is: there is a large number of these entitled cretins out there to vote against the side that would deprive them of their gibs. I suggest proactively culling them. They are the real useless eaters. Thin the herd of parasites. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 7 points 5 days ago We can do things to help this along without actively killing people. I say give the lifelong drug users all the drugs they want. Sterilize all the welfare queens and their offspring and if the fathers can't be located gather dna from the offspring and keep a database so that when his dna shows up (probably from a crime scene) he can be sterilized too including any other of his offspring. While we're at it, sterilize everyone in prison including juveniles. We need to filter them out of the gene pool. Let the covidiots get daily boosters. permalink parent award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 7 points 5 days ago If we're expected to pay reparations for being white, offspring of criminals should be expected to pay society back for their parents' crimes. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 5 days ago I don't know of anyone actually paying or getting reparations, been a lot of talk but no actual payments.  My point is removing the dregs of society from the gene pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 4 points 5 days ago Between Affirmative Action, DEI, various transfer payment programs over the years, and unpaid crime victim compensation, I'm pretty sure they owe us money by now. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 5 days ago Once off the system it only goes one way. Before they hated the people that wanted to cut it. After being cut, they hate the people cut them off AND the people on it AND the people who let them cut off. Fuck em. Cut them off. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 5 days ago I have simpler solution.   Just end the gibs!  $0. Done.  Off!  Money saved.  Stop it! permalink parent award report block reply AtheistTrumper 1 points 5 days ago You should lose your right to vote while you are on voluntary welfare permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 13 points 5 days ago Great. Do something about child support and coparenting next. We have a split nation. One is feminist and accepts any and all that is ‘gifted’ by the govt- The other wants to create for their family and communities.  We are at odds with the judeo feminist model that is destroying the fabric of this once great country. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 5 days ago Coparentimg has caused more kids to go NC than any other time in history. It's also at least partially responsible for the housing crisis. https://www.marylandlawhelp.com/blog/new-research-shows-fathers-favored-in-child-custody-battles/ https://wamu.org/story/19/08/19/fathers-are-favored-in-child-custody-battles-even-when-abuse-is-alleged/ https://zawn.substack.com/p/family-courts-and-child-custody-are-3a9 permalink parent award report block reply Monzie 9 points 5 days ago Well please let everyone know when jobs that can help you afford a 500k house and an 80k truck when you're living paycheck to paycheck open up. The biggest problem is that housing and vehicles are so insane people cannot afford anything even with jobs. 2.5k-3k a month for a living space is crushing. Fix illegals and Blackrock screwing the price of everything first. permalink award report block reply mikejones 2 points 5 days ago People like to narrow down things but it comes down to money. Who can take on debt and then a family. With prices only going up. Then you got those already with families trying to figure it out. Good luck fixing the 3rd largest by land country. permalink parent award report block reply RStroud 1 points 5 days ago 500k house and an 80k truck Move off the crowded, over-regulated coasts and into the middle of America.  If you choose well and move early you night be able to ride the wave of people just like you and double your equity in short order. permalink parent award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 2 points 5 days ago It's this expensive in kansas. I was shocked to pay nyc prices for an apartment to rent and I still needed to buy a car because there is no public transportation and in order to work you need a car.  It's ridiculously expensive everywhere permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago A 300k farm and no vehicle more than 30k. Hell the flatbed I got for 15k just a year used and 12k miles. That 80k is filled with fancy shit you dont fucking need. I would love a company to make trucks like they use to. A engine, a cab, a large bed, 4 wheels. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Is it things being too expensive, or our currency having been made valueless that is the problem? permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I say both. Honestly if we get rid of the illegal parasites sucking the system. The housing market will be affordable again. It pisses me when I found out illegals are getting easy mortgages/rentals funded and paid by us! But us citizens get put through the ringer for attempting to get one. I was pissed when my mother in law who had no job got her new car loan while I never had a payment issue and a full time job got scrutiny from the same dealership. WTF? Sorry for the rant but that really bothered me. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago They are prob being predatory to you MIL, they will give shitty blacks car loans easily too, bc they know they will default and basically just give them free money and pay zero off on the principle. And they gotta move cars. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 8 points 5 days ago He's letting children starve! permalink award report block reply 73Cuda 15 points 5 days ago Its not his job to feed em, thats the parent's responsibility. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 5 points 5 days ago Quit using big words, white supreme! You rayciss! permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago That's 6 syllables for goodness sake! permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 5 days ago He's still going to be unfairly blamed for it permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago Can't feed 'em, don't breed 'em. permalink parent award report block reply Smcnelly 4 points 5 days ago You forgot reeeeeeeeee permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago Is that why some retard downvoted me? permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 8 points 5 days ago Let's not kid ourselves here. It was always meant for that. It was always meant to keep a democrat plantation, a perpetual democrat voter bank, to buy votes. permalink award report block reply Deplorable556 7 points 5 days ago food stamps? eating? be me, wake up 5am, work by 7am. work days vary, a short day is 8 hours or less, but some days it can be up to 16. i never know what time ill get home, any night, ever. i dont take a lunch break, i dont eat while working. often ill come home and eat dinner in bed. i eat one massive meal per day. coffee for breakfast, water for lunch, dinner in bed. meanwhile yall lazy fucks just sit at home and beg for free handouts. bitching about a part time work requirement. well maybe IF YOU WORKED ALOT YOU WOULDNT HAVE TIME TO EAT! permalink award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 8 points 5 days ago I never understood people who gloat about how miserable their life is. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 6 points 5 days ago We're all miserable, but we can be happy with Jesus permalink parent award report block reply Bazhosh 5 points 5 days ago Congratulations, you live the American Dream. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 2 points 5 days ago Of appreciate you. Seriously permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 5 days ago Bro, you gotta get yourself some nut bars to throw in your pocket or something so you're not starving all day.  What line of work you in? permalink parent award report block reply ckover9000 7 points 5 days ago Well, crat kings (judges) disagree. Take this week as an indication of how things will play out next November. Trump needs to go double hard, get the crooks not just arrested but in prison, and get some permanent shit in place. >but but but then crats will take the house and impeach him in revenge spoiler alert: they're doing it anyway permalink award report block reply Emodius 6 points 5 days ago He doesn't even have a means to fund SNAP. All they need to do is have speaker Johnson put up a clean SNAP funding bill Trump allegedly wrote. Force the Democrats to vote against it, or less likely for it permalink award report block reply BudBurner 5 points 5 days ago They need to make it a limited time thing, like you get a maximum 3 years worth for life. permalink award report block reply remindmelater 4 points 5 days ago To me, convincing the gov't that you're so poor that you qualify for free food is a humiliating experience that encourage unethical behavior. It encourages people to lie about their income and assets while they sometimes laugh at the system that allows them to be so unethical. Yet the system often fails those who really need the relief. permalink award report block reply MR__K 2 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply MrIDontGiveAFuck 3 points 5 days ago SNAP Resumes..
48hrs from now..
Your cards will be funded..
Per HHS permalink award report block reply LolOkFBI 3 points 5 days ago Why is it so hard for us to just be able to give it to people who need it like people with disabilities, rather than being something that everybody can apply for? permalink award report block reply Logan051361 4 points 5 days ago It should go too People on Disabilities and Seniors. and it should be for healthy foods not candy and pop and crap thats loaded with Sugar. I see so many with tattoos and then use the snap card. those tattoos are not cheap and somehow find money for it but not for food permalink parent award report block reply nomoreprinkles 3 points 5 days ago A long time ago, some never do wells decided, without anyone asking, that unskilled people should be in the city industrial centers of america because they're brown or something, far from the types of jobs they were used to doing. Unsurprisingly, moving in a metric ton of people causes huge employment disparity and poverty. These same monsters then said "oh look at all these useless people, we have to feed and shelter them now!" again, without asking anyone. permalink award report block reply mikejones 1 points 5 days ago My parents born and grew up middle of nowhere America and I had a lucky early life. Now things are so backwards from 40 to 60 years ago. I blame inventions that made it easy to build and move goods around the world. permalink parent award report block reply Txiribiton 2 points 5 days ago They are always pointing what we already know, curiously they never say how they are going to fix it. 1 year with this bullshit, someone called it demoralization. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 5 days ago They'll twist his words here because covid was the original excuse for giving benefits to everyone. permalink award report block reply PKC_MAN 2 points 5 days ago That is true. It was meant for temporolary help, just like welfare. The better solution is monitoring closely the people using it. They are taking our money so we have to make sure it is for good use. permalink award report block reply Deplorable556 2 points 5 days ago man, i work so much i dont even have the free time to stop and eat three meals per day permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 5 days ago Are you working right now? permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago Gosh more power too you. Its rough out here permalink parent award report block reply BartzFFV 2 points 5 days ago Yeah I'd rather give it to Israel, and Africa. permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 2 points 5 days ago This is proof Trump hates fat people first cheap ozempic now this!?! - CNN probably permalink award report block reply wst4 2 points 5 days ago Safety net, not a damn hammock! permalink award report block reply CovfefeKaren 2 points 5 days ago Exactly.  It's supposed to be a temporary lift for minimum wage workers until they earn more.  It's supposed to be for the genuinely disabled.  It's supposed to be for the elderly.  All of which must be US Citizens and residents of the state they're getting food stamps from. I'm not against food stamps.  I'm against food stamp fraud.  I'm against illegals getting food stamps. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 5 days ago Taking welfare should exempt you from voting. This is common sense. permalink award report block reply General_Specific 1 points 5 days ago It should be treated similarly to unemployment insurance. permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 5 days ago Yet so many people, millions of them, are able to use it for just that purpose. permalink award report block reply Yucko 1 points 5 days ago It was meant to create a permanent dependent voting class. permalink award report block reply TrumpLandslide20201 1 points 5 days ago We are so close to the point the government has been shut down so long our great King can abolish most SNAP "benefits". It's going to happen. Then there will be plenty for people that actually need them, which is a small fraction of what is being handed out currently. permalink award report block reply Wupta PRO 1 points 5 days ago First we need clean elections next all lifelong welfare has to be ended. permalink award report block reply xBigCoffinHunter 1 points 5 days ago Maybe we’re doing it wrong?  Every once in a while you gotta reflect and consider the possibility that you are in fact crazy.  The shit is just too fucking retarded for you not to be crazy. permalink award report block reply DocBrody 1 points 5 days ago I can haz no free stuff from society? Surprised  communist Pikachu face permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 5 days ago Titlegore /> Trump on food stamps Poor guy's going for broke permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 5 days ago Nor the morbidly obese. permalink award report block reply DanIsSwell 1 points 5 days ago Transitional assistance is meant for transition periods. For those who truly qualify, there should be a 6 month time limit. If they haven’t found a job and got on their feet in that reasonable time, then tough shit. There are people out there who have kids just to stay on welfare forever. permalink award report block reply TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 5 days ago You already have Muslims on the sidewalk of NYC praying on rugs. Mandani will soon make it illegal to live in NY if you are white permalink award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 1 points 5 days ago The liberals will read this headline as: 🚨🚨 PRESIDENT TRUMP ON FOOD STAMPS permalink award report block reply Test_user21 1 points 5 days ago The problem is, most of the world's billionaires do nothing as well, and they collect much much more than a measly 99.8B a year permalink award report block reply Chitownpolak 1 points 5 days ago Fuckin joggers and spics living on section 8 collecting stamps and driving their hellcat to their $15 an hour job. permalink award report block reply mav7579 1 points 5 days ago Does he go an interview without mentioning BIDEN?  LOL I wonder if old Joe watches MSNBC all day and gets worked up before his handlers calm him down. permalink award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 1 points 5 days ago We won't go back to paying for food stamps. permalink award report block reply Scot 1 points 5 days ago Tax dollar handouts have become so lucrative that employers can't compete. Once they are on those handouts, the only jobs they want are "under the table" to prevent any reduction in that free money.
In some states, the tax dollar handouts can add up to over $100,000 per year. permalink award report block reply EvilGreed209 1 points 5 days ago Well put it out in the damn public that its mostly welfare queen ass women making tiktoks about "I dont need no Man's" ya  bitch because the government is your man.. You got these fat black bitches talking about they get 3-4k a month on ebt to feed their 5-8 kids that they shit out from fresh out prisoners in the hood banging them out and putting the burden on the taxpayers like anyone wants to be feeding little spooks out here robbing people in the streets pissed off cause no father or real home just a slut mother and a prisoner father.. that is the story of about 80% of the blacks today and the rest fucked thanks to US Gov allowing 55 million visa holders and probably 80 million illegals aint nobody buying that 50 years 11 million bullshit numbers most of california if u drive around is latino finding a white guy with blonde hair and blue eyes is fucking near impossible they have mostly moved to idaho as some last white outpost or been replaced due to their daughters having no babies just bullshit careers mostly in HR and hired to blow the nerds to keep them coming to work.. permalink award report block reply MajorClark 1 points 5 days ago Shit can the current EBT program and make people reapply. permalink award report block reply AtheistTrumper 1 points 5 days ago Food stamps should be ended. It's absurd to think poor people should get whatever they want while working people have to budget under the amount in the benefits. It makes no sense. Poor people don't get everything they want. They can have what they need, though. Send them some food that will motivate them to get a job. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 1 points 5 days ago MaKiNg SuRe ThEy AcTuAlLy NeEd It WiLl CoSt MoRe I've actually heard that excuse from leftists. Any change whatsoever from the fraudulent status quo is just utterly untenable apparently because it will be too expensive. ): permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 1 points 5 days ago Dads home permalink award report block reply ifyoustrikemedown 1 points 5 days ago In Chicago it is common practice to sell your SNAP card for cash. The going rate is 50% of the value of the card. The buyer gets a 50% discount on her groceries and the seller gets weed money. permalink award report block reply Timbo1965 1 points 5 days ago It works until they run out of other peoples money permalink award report block reply Dev404 1 points 5 days ago This program shouldn't exist at all. It's not our responsibility to pay for other people's groceries and housing. Furthermore, since the government is extremely irresponsible, above the law, expensive, and doesn't represent the taxpayers, they need their powers severely reduced and budget drastically reduced, accordingly. permalink award report block reply Another_ID 1 points 5 days ago Issue a box of "food" a week.  Done. permalink award report block reply 20FREEDOMLIBERTY20 1 points 5 days ago So, let’s shut it down and have the impoverished reapply for benefits. Gross abuse should be terminated. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey 1 points 5 days ago 9 B I L L I O N FOR ONE MONTH!! LET THAT SINK IN.... ACCELLERATE!!!! permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -8 points 5 days ago Work where? 7.25 x 40 covers nothing. Arbitrary insurance raises. permalink award report block reply BALDFUCKINGEAGLE 2 points 5 days ago It covers what you've earned.... if you want more be better permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -8 points 5 days ago lol bootstraps. 🤣🤡 You’re why Repubs are going to lose 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 4 points 5 days ago Nah they're going to do that anyway and it has nothing to do with lazy grifting liberals like you. No one works for 7.25 Shit that didn't happen. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago We hire people for farm labor at 7.25, but if they have any skills, experience or simply make it 3 weeks they get bumped up to $9. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Thats your problem.  Get some skills.  We pay minimum wage for minimum caliber people. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago I have skills 15 years in IT can i have a job please sir. Will code for cash even hard working people lose their jobs. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Soft hands, brotha.  I'm hiring for field labor. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 1 points 5 days ago Skills take years to acquire. Entry level Americans have nothing. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Somehow lots of people have skills so clearly it's not that hard. In fact 7 out of 8 americans have enough skills to fully support themselves and you lazy welfare fucks. If people are in their 30s and literally have no marketable skills, fuck them.  They should starve. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -1 points 5 days ago An 18 year old American boy and girl cannot have a child and raise it on one income. - the problem. “That’s never been possible” - yes the fuck it was. “Not only do I have to do good you have to do bad.” - that’s you. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TheDarkEmperor 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 117 points 5 days ago Many keep wondering if we’ll ever see Universal Basic Income, but for the $43million on food gibs (and probably more) it’s already here. permalink award report block reply STONKATRUCK 62 points 5 days ago When the population realizes they have access to the coffers it's the beginning of the end of that civilization or something like that permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 40 points 5 days ago They’ll vote the idiots in that will give them their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 11 points 5 days ago After the blue wave- fuck them I'm quite sure 9 out of 10 on welfare are dems. No upside to keep funding. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 2 points 5 days ago He needs to go hard. They will turn on dems for keeping the government shutdown when the gibs are cut off. permalink parent award report block reply llirrem 2 points 5 days ago Blue wave? The special elections that happened were all in Dem controlled areas, it was a blue wave in the middle of a blue sea. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. Let them starve. They literally want to murder us so fuck them. They're our enemies permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Blue tidal pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 7 points 5 days ago Are they idiots though? They know what they are doing and understand it's bad for the country and don't care one little bit. They are getting the power and money they seek. Idiots, no. Crooks, yes. permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 2 points 5 days ago they're just living in the moment... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... WinWinSovereign 1 points 5 days ago Hard to run against Santa permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 8 points 5 days ago The grain dole can never go away. The emperor who gives the most free grain is loved by the masses, even if it brings them ruin permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago Don't forget that there must be games as well. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 7 points 5 days ago Many people are reading Democrcy: The God That Failed . permalink parent award report block reply xkgb 4 points 5 days ago The road to hell is paved with ebt cards. permalink parent award report block reply JustAnotherPsyopNPC 2 points 5 days ago And tumble-weaves permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 1 points 5 days ago Imagine if a commie like Bernie or his bartender girl become Commander in Thief. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Emodius 17 points 5 days ago Exactly. These fucks are lazy and they are polluting our society with worthless kids who learned to be lazy grifters from their parents permalink parent award report block reply Pearcesarrow 9 points 5 days ago Not just lazy. More importantly, poor choices in life. We as society have largely removed the consequences of making poor choices. I could go on but I think everyone here understands permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago "Poor" choices that make you wealthy. Free food, healthcare, rent and cash money every month. Yes CASH money. Nobody talks about that part. Also free heating/electric from low income programs. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 5 days ago Like the news stories that begin “Single mother on SNAP with four children…” permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 3 points 5 days ago Don't feed the squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 5 days ago UBI is a concern in the advent of AI job displacement for sure, but as you said it's demonstrably here. In The Expanse (the book series at least) Earth has "basic". You either go deeper into education to cultivate skills, or you go on "basic". It has some undertones that you don't get to change that path, but I could be misremembering. However, even by author(s) who seem to lean with that political bent, the way "basic" is portrayed is as a soulless, meaningless and directionless life. You are given food, you are given housing in a fashion, but the luxuries and comforts are still only truly afforded to the people who get out there and do something. I think people who fetishize UBI want to believe that they'll just get to stay home and follow all of their hobbies, play video games and surf Reddit all day. But I highly doubt a true UBI would fund any of those things. You would get the barest minimum, the basic faculties required to sustain yourself. But it would not be an interesting life. And all of that is scary when that's what they want for all of normal humanity. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 6 points 5 days ago It's already here. Many of the folks living in tents in the cities weren't forced into homelessness, they are there because they want to be there. They get a smartphone and enough government assistance to prevent starvation and keep them high.  Free medical and mental health care. Maybe supplemented with a little petty theft or prostitution. All of them have substance abuse or serious mental health problems, most have both. Many American workers pay to go camping on their days off. The urban nomadic get paid to do it! permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 3 points 5 days ago If UBI ever did become a thing, all people would do is complain how it's not enough and constantly want more and more. It'll never be enough. permalink parent award report block reply newuser8 1 points 5 days ago It's like any business. 80% of employees are generally low performing and useless and they always demand more compensation. They are permanent victims.  The top 20% or less of people in organizations or even countries are the ones who get shit done. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 4 points 5 days ago Their handouts are far more than "basic". They are living large. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Universal basic income+Universal health care. Someone has to pay for it. The government cant just print money. We did  during Biden and where did that get us. Its pie and the sky and has no basis in reality. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
STONKATRUCK 62 points 5 days ago When the population realizes they have access to the coffers it's the beginning of the end of that civilization or something like that permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 40 points 5 days ago They’ll vote the idiots in that will give them their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 11 points 5 days ago After the blue wave- fuck them I'm quite sure 9 out of 10 on welfare are dems. No upside to keep funding. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 2 points 5 days ago He needs to go hard. They will turn on dems for keeping the government shutdown when the gibs are cut off. permalink parent award report block reply llirrem 2 points 5 days ago Blue wave? The special elections that happened were all in Dem controlled areas, it was a blue wave in the middle of a blue sea. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. Let them starve. They literally want to murder us so fuck them. They're our enemies permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Blue tidal pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 7 points 5 days ago Are they idiots though? They know what they are doing and understand it's bad for the country and don't care one little bit. They are getting the power and money they seek. Idiots, no. Crooks, yes. permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 2 points 5 days ago they're just living in the moment... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... WinWinSovereign 1 points 5 days ago Hard to run against Santa permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 8 points 5 days ago The grain dole can never go away. The emperor who gives the most free grain is loved by the masses, even if it brings them ruin permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago Don't forget that there must be games as well. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 7 points 5 days ago Many people are reading Democrcy: The God That Failed . permalink parent award report block reply xkgb 4 points 5 days ago The road to hell is paved with ebt cards. permalink parent award report block reply JustAnotherPsyopNPC 2 points 5 days ago And tumble-weaves permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 1 points 5 days ago Imagine if a commie like Bernie or his bartender girl become Commander in Thief. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 40 points 5 days ago They’ll vote the idiots in that will give them their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 11 points 5 days ago After the blue wave- fuck them I'm quite sure 9 out of 10 on welfare are dems. No upside to keep funding. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 2 points 5 days ago He needs to go hard. They will turn on dems for keeping the government shutdown when the gibs are cut off. permalink parent award report block reply llirrem 2 points 5 days ago Blue wave? The special elections that happened were all in Dem controlled areas, it was a blue wave in the middle of a blue sea. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. Let them starve. They literally want to murder us so fuck them. They're our enemies permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Blue tidal pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 7 points 5 days ago Are they idiots though? They know what they are doing and understand it's bad for the country and don't care one little bit. They are getting the power and money they seek. Idiots, no. Crooks, yes. permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 2 points 5 days ago they're just living in the moment... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... WinWinSovereign 1 points 5 days ago Hard to run against Santa permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 11 points 5 days ago After the blue wave- fuck them I'm quite sure 9 out of 10 on welfare are dems. No upside to keep funding. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 2 points 5 days ago He needs to go hard. They will turn on dems for keeping the government shutdown when the gibs are cut off. permalink parent award report block reply llirrem 2 points 5 days ago Blue wave? The special elections that happened were all in Dem controlled areas, it was a blue wave in the middle of a blue sea. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. Let them starve. They literally want to murder us so fuck them. They're our enemies permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Blue tidal pool. permalink parent award report block reply
kekranger 2 points 5 days ago He needs to go hard. They will turn on dems for keeping the government shutdown when the gibs are cut off. permalink parent award report block reply
llirrem 2 points 5 days ago Blue wave? The special elections that happened were all in Dem controlled areas, it was a blue wave in the middle of a blue sea. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Exactly. Let them starve. They literally want to murder us so fuck them. They're our enemies permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Blue tidal pool. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 7 points 5 days ago Are they idiots though? They know what they are doing and understand it's bad for the country and don't care one little bit. They are getting the power and money they seek. Idiots, no. Crooks, yes. permalink parent award report block reply DocBrody 2 points 5 days ago they're just living in the moment... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DocBrody 2 points 5 days ago they're just living in the moment... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
WinWinSovereign 1 points 5 days ago Hard to run against Santa permalink parent award report block reply
tjohnson107 8 points 5 days ago The grain dole can never go away. The emperor who gives the most free grain is loved by the masses, even if it brings them ruin permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago Don't forget that there must be games as well. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago Don't forget that there must be games as well. permalink parent award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 7 points 5 days ago Many people are reading Democrcy: The God That Failed . permalink parent award report block reply
xkgb 4 points 5 days ago The road to hell is paved with ebt cards. permalink parent award report block reply JustAnotherPsyopNPC 2 points 5 days ago And tumble-weaves permalink parent award report block reply
JustAnotherPsyopNPC 2 points 5 days ago And tumble-weaves permalink parent award report block reply
DocBrody 1 points 5 days ago Imagine if a commie like Bernie or his bartender girl become Commander in Thief. permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 17 points 5 days ago Exactly. These fucks are lazy and they are polluting our society with worthless kids who learned to be lazy grifters from their parents permalink parent award report block reply Pearcesarrow 9 points 5 days ago Not just lazy. More importantly, poor choices in life. We as society have largely removed the consequences of making poor choices. I could go on but I think everyone here understands permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago "Poor" choices that make you wealthy. Free food, healthcare, rent and cash money every month. Yes CASH money. Nobody talks about that part. Also free heating/electric from low income programs. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 5 days ago Like the news stories that begin “Single mother on SNAP with four children…” permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 3 points 5 days ago Don't feed the squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply
Pearcesarrow 9 points 5 days ago Not just lazy. More importantly, poor choices in life. We as society have largely removed the consequences of making poor choices. I could go on but I think everyone here understands permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago "Poor" choices that make you wealthy. Free food, healthcare, rent and cash money every month. Yes CASH money. Nobody talks about that part. Also free heating/electric from low income programs. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 5 days ago Like the news stories that begin “Single mother on SNAP with four children…” permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago "Poor" choices that make you wealthy. Free food, healthcare, rent and cash money every month. Yes CASH money. Nobody talks about that part. Also free heating/electric from low income programs. permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 5 days ago Like the news stories that begin “Single mother on SNAP with four children…” permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 3 points 5 days ago Don't feed the squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 5 days ago UBI is a concern in the advent of AI job displacement for sure, but as you said it's demonstrably here. In The Expanse (the book series at least) Earth has "basic". You either go deeper into education to cultivate skills, or you go on "basic". It has some undertones that you don't get to change that path, but I could be misremembering. However, even by author(s) who seem to lean with that political bent, the way "basic" is portrayed is as a soulless, meaningless and directionless life. You are given food, you are given housing in a fashion, but the luxuries and comforts are still only truly afforded to the people who get out there and do something. I think people who fetishize UBI want to believe that they'll just get to stay home and follow all of their hobbies, play video games and surf Reddit all day. But I highly doubt a true UBI would fund any of those things. You would get the barest minimum, the basic faculties required to sustain yourself. But it would not be an interesting life. And all of that is scary when that's what they want for all of normal humanity. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 6 points 5 days ago It's already here. Many of the folks living in tents in the cities weren't forced into homelessness, they are there because they want to be there. They get a smartphone and enough government assistance to prevent starvation and keep them high.  Free medical and mental health care. Maybe supplemented with a little petty theft or prostitution. All of them have substance abuse or serious mental health problems, most have both. Many American workers pay to go camping on their days off. The urban nomadic get paid to do it! permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 3 points 5 days ago If UBI ever did become a thing, all people would do is complain how it's not enough and constantly want more and more. It'll never be enough. permalink parent award report block reply newuser8 1 points 5 days ago It's like any business. 80% of employees are generally low performing and useless and they always demand more compensation. They are permanent victims.  The top 20% or less of people in organizations or even countries are the ones who get shit done. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 6 points 5 days ago It's already here. Many of the folks living in tents in the cities weren't forced into homelessness, they are there because they want to be there. They get a smartphone and enough government assistance to prevent starvation and keep them high.  Free medical and mental health care. Maybe supplemented with a little petty theft or prostitution. All of them have substance abuse or serious mental health problems, most have both. Many American workers pay to go camping on their days off. The urban nomadic get paid to do it! permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 3 points 5 days ago If UBI ever did become a thing, all people would do is complain how it's not enough and constantly want more and more. It'll never be enough. permalink parent award report block reply newuser8 1 points 5 days ago It's like any business. 80% of employees are generally low performing and useless and they always demand more compensation. They are permanent victims.  The top 20% or less of people in organizations or even countries are the ones who get shit done. permalink parent award report block reply
newuser8 1 points 5 days ago It's like any business. 80% of employees are generally low performing and useless and they always demand more compensation. They are permanent victims.  The top 20% or less of people in organizations or even countries are the ones who get shit done. permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 4 points 5 days ago Their handouts are far more than "basic". They are living large. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Universal basic income+Universal health care. Someone has to pay for it. The government cant just print money. We did  during Biden and where did that get us. Its pie and the sky and has no basis in reality. permalink parent award report block reply
blue5707 49 points 5 days ago HOW did it even get to that point is the real question? permalink award report block reply Konsaki 43 points 5 days ago Laziness, corruption and suicidal empathy. permalink parent award report block reply Burneraccountno4 24 points 5 days ago The big one is corruption. You almost never hear of people getting convicted for snap fraud because there is no oversight. Amazing how the government has a huge and aggressive oversight agency called the IRS to make sure you give the government your hard earned money but they have no similar oversight when it comes to handing out the money they took from you. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago *suicidal empathy courtesy of the 19th Amendment. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago Free gibs = free dem votes for life. permalink parent award report block reply NotMyGovernor 1 points 5 days ago Blacks in the ebt departments most likely. permalink parent award report block reply Shakakka99 26 points 5 days ago Bloat.  Programs always expand, they never contract. permalink parent award report block reply Mecoperator2525 9 points 5 days ago People always said the scamming of this system is only a small percentage and it wasn't worth going after the criminals permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 11 points 5 days ago The entire system itself is a scam. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 3 points 5 days ago Well its basically just a giant glorified pyramid scheme permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 5 points 5 days ago Sounds similar to what the left says about election fraud, “never happens”, but yet here we are. To answer the original question, “HOW did it even get to that point”: Slowly. Everyone who’s overweight has a moment of clarity where they ask themselves “how did I get here?”. Easy, one bad meal (or snack) at a time. The equivalent for gibs is one small gib at a time on the books + plus an indefinite expansion of who qualifies. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago TBF, they might not have gotten there if the government hadn't sanctioned the poisoning of our food supply these last decades. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 6 points 5 days ago Well, we have this group of people that have called themselves conservatives yet have failed to conserve anything since the 60s. They've especially failed to conserve the one absolutely essential thing for the long term survival of a society and country, demographics. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Amen to that brother! (Sister?) permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Those wernt conservatives they just say they were. Fuck replace with conservatives with Christian  in that last sentence  i'm starting to spund like a broken record. People are fake permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 5 days ago Democrats use your money to buy their votes permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Taxes? Whats that? permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments...
Konsaki 43 points 5 days ago Laziness, corruption and suicidal empathy. permalink parent award report block reply Burneraccountno4 24 points 5 days ago The big one is corruption. You almost never hear of people getting convicted for snap fraud because there is no oversight. Amazing how the government has a huge and aggressive oversight agency called the IRS to make sure you give the government your hard earned money but they have no similar oversight when it comes to handing out the money they took from you. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago *suicidal empathy courtesy of the 19th Amendment. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago Free gibs = free dem votes for life. permalink parent award report block reply NotMyGovernor 1 points 5 days ago Blacks in the ebt departments most likely. permalink parent award report block reply
Burneraccountno4 24 points 5 days ago The big one is corruption. You almost never hear of people getting convicted for snap fraud because there is no oversight. Amazing how the government has a huge and aggressive oversight agency called the IRS to make sure you give the government your hard earned money but they have no similar oversight when it comes to handing out the money they took from you. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 3 points 5 days ago *suicidal empathy courtesy of the 19th Amendment. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 2 points 5 days ago Free gibs = free dem votes for life. permalink parent award report block reply
NotMyGovernor 1 points 5 days ago Blacks in the ebt departments most likely. permalink parent award report block reply
Shakakka99 26 points 5 days ago Bloat.  Programs always expand, they never contract. permalink parent award report block reply
Mecoperator2525 9 points 5 days ago People always said the scamming of this system is only a small percentage and it wasn't worth going after the criminals permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 11 points 5 days ago The entire system itself is a scam. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 3 points 5 days ago Well its basically just a giant glorified pyramid scheme permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 5 points 5 days ago Sounds similar to what the left says about election fraud, “never happens”, but yet here we are. To answer the original question, “HOW did it even get to that point”: Slowly. Everyone who’s overweight has a moment of clarity where they ask themselves “how did I get here?”. Easy, one bad meal (or snack) at a time. The equivalent for gibs is one small gib at a time on the books + plus an indefinite expansion of who qualifies. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago TBF, they might not have gotten there if the government hadn't sanctioned the poisoning of our food supply these last decades. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 11 points 5 days ago The entire system itself is a scam. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 3 points 5 days ago Well its basically just a giant glorified pyramid scheme permalink parent award report block reply
Whatyougotson 3 points 5 days ago Well its basically just a giant glorified pyramid scheme permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 5 points 5 days ago Sounds similar to what the left says about election fraud, “never happens”, but yet here we are. To answer the original question, “HOW did it even get to that point”: Slowly. Everyone who’s overweight has a moment of clarity where they ask themselves “how did I get here?”. Easy, one bad meal (or snack) at a time. The equivalent for gibs is one small gib at a time on the books + plus an indefinite expansion of who qualifies. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago TBF, they might not have gotten there if the government hadn't sanctioned the poisoning of our food supply these last decades. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago TBF, they might not have gotten there if the government hadn't sanctioned the poisoning of our food supply these last decades. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 6 points 5 days ago Well, we have this group of people that have called themselves conservatives yet have failed to conserve anything since the 60s. They've especially failed to conserve the one absolutely essential thing for the long term survival of a society and country, demographics. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Amen to that brother! (Sister?) permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Those wernt conservatives they just say they were. Fuck replace with conservatives with Christian  in that last sentence  i'm starting to spund like a broken record. People are fake permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Amen to that brother! (Sister?) permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Those wernt conservatives they just say they were. Fuck replace with conservatives with Christian  in that last sentence  i'm starting to spund like a broken record. People are fake permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 5 days ago Democrats use your money to buy their votes permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Taxes? Whats that? permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Taxes? Whats that? permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 40 points 5 days ago For the longest time - no immigrant could even apply for welfare - you HAD to have a Job or other means of support AS PART OF ADMISSION. Now we need to drop immigration levels to ZERO. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 25 points 5 days ago Now we need to drop immigration levels to ZERO We need double-digit negative immigration levels.  MOAR deportations! permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago ^This permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe 3 points 5 days ago Need to drop immigration levels to NEGATIVE. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins 2 points 5 days ago Redditors will tell you that illegal immigrants can't get welfare. The fine print is that they don't consider "asylum seekers" as illegal immigrants, and their children do qualify for food stamps, so the parents collect hundreds of dollars a month for each child they have. permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 25 points 5 days ago Now we need to drop immigration levels to ZERO We need double-digit negative immigration levels.  MOAR deportations! permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago ^This permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 5 points 5 days ago ^This permalink parent award report block reply
ShlomoJoe 3 points 5 days ago Need to drop immigration levels to NEGATIVE. permalink parent award report block reply
lolpaladins 2 points 5 days ago Redditors will tell you that illegal immigrants can't get welfare. The fine print is that they don't consider "asylum seekers" as illegal immigrants, and their children do qualify for food stamps, so the parents collect hundreds of dollars a month for each child they have. permalink parent award report block reply
flp999 26 points 5 days ago There's no fucking jobs. Our overlords outsourced them all. GET THE FUCKING JOBS BACK. Call out every outsourcing CEO by name. Shame them. Get the political capital built up, then pass legislation. You could bring back 5 million call center jobs in a week. THEN get on people's asses about getting benefits and not having jobs. If you do it when there's no jobs to get, and you could actually do something to change that (in fact, that's YOUR job), it just makes you an asshole. permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 12 points 5 days ago Fuck those call center jobs.  Drop bombs on those call centers and never replace them.  I'm tired of getting 30 fucking calls a day from people I don't want to talk to. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 7 points 5 days ago I think he's talking about current service jobs. I really don't like taking to people in the Philippines or India to cancel my account or activate a new phone or get a refund.. bring those jobs back to the US where we should have native English speakers answering calls permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I'm to the point I think they're all scammers, even when I call the company and one of "them" answers. I really hate this timeline. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 1 points 5 days ago High probability permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Fuck yeah! permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Ill take a call center job fuck you permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 1 points 5 days ago It'll be outsourced to A.I.  I know people say that kind of thing a lot but call center jobs are among the first things that A.I. will logically consume. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 4 points 5 days ago There's plenty of jobs.  No one wants to work.  I literally cant find enough warm bodies to fill all the jobs we have right now.  Anyone with a pulse can show up and be working that day, but they dont want to cuz it might cut into their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Where are you? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 5 days ago Iowa permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago I got downvoted for asking where you are...fucking assholes. Anyway, that's too far to commute for me. I've applied for dozens of jobs recently, I can't even get a call back. Not complicated jobs, delivery driver, retail, labor, that kind of stuff. I'm glad Iowa is doing well. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Emodius 2 points 5 days ago Oh shut up we are at full employment these fucks just refuse to work permalink parent award report block reply FuckChinaLongTime 2 points 5 days ago Yes, that 6 year old and that 75 year old should just go to trade school or get a job in construction, right? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Bullshit we are at full employment. You can't buy a job where I live. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Why the fuck are you buying jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago LOL I'm not! Nobody will sell one! It's a play on an old idiom. "You can't buy a ...(insert noun)"
It was meant tongue in cheek, but in all seriousness I've been looking for a simple sort of job and nobody in my area is hiring. Or at least nobody is calling me back. But I know through family that teenagers around here are having the same problems getting a job. Definitely not seeing any "help wanted" signs anywhere. permalink parent award report block reply
Kraken_V_Algorithm 12 points 5 days ago Fuck those call center jobs.  Drop bombs on those call centers and never replace them.  I'm tired of getting 30 fucking calls a day from people I don't want to talk to. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 7 points 5 days ago I think he's talking about current service jobs. I really don't like taking to people in the Philippines or India to cancel my account or activate a new phone or get a refund.. bring those jobs back to the US where we should have native English speakers answering calls permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I'm to the point I think they're all scammers, even when I call the company and one of "them" answers. I really hate this timeline. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 1 points 5 days ago High probability permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Fuck yeah! permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Ill take a call center job fuck you permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 1 points 5 days ago It'll be outsourced to A.I.  I know people say that kind of thing a lot but call center jobs are among the first things that A.I. will logically consume. permalink parent award report block reply
AmarilloArmadillo 7 points 5 days ago I think he's talking about current service jobs. I really don't like taking to people in the Philippines or India to cancel my account or activate a new phone or get a refund.. bring those jobs back to the US where we should have native English speakers answering calls permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I'm to the point I think they're all scammers, even when I call the company and one of "them" answers. I really hate this timeline. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 1 points 5 days ago High probability permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Fuck yeah! permalink parent award report block reply
flirp 1 points 5 days ago I'm to the point I think they're all scammers, even when I call the company and one of "them" answers. I really hate this timeline. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 1 points 5 days ago High probability permalink parent award report block reply
AmarilloArmadillo 1 points 5 days ago High probability permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Fuck yeah! permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Ill take a call center job fuck you permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 1 points 5 days ago It'll be outsourced to A.I.  I know people say that kind of thing a lot but call center jobs are among the first things that A.I. will logically consume. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 4 points 5 days ago There's plenty of jobs.  No one wants to work.  I literally cant find enough warm bodies to fill all the jobs we have right now.  Anyone with a pulse can show up and be working that day, but they dont want to cuz it might cut into their gibs. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Where are you? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 5 days ago Iowa permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago I got downvoted for asking where you are...fucking assholes. Anyway, that's too far to commute for me. I've applied for dozens of jobs recently, I can't even get a call back. Not complicated jobs, delivery driver, retail, labor, that kind of stuff. I'm glad Iowa is doing well. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Where are you? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 5 days ago Iowa permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago I got downvoted for asking where you are...fucking assholes. Anyway, that's too far to commute for me. I've applied for dozens of jobs recently, I can't even get a call back. Not complicated jobs, delivery driver, retail, labor, that kind of stuff. I'm glad Iowa is doing well. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 3 points 5 days ago Iowa permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago I got downvoted for asking where you are...fucking assholes. Anyway, that's too far to commute for me. I've applied for dozens of jobs recently, I can't even get a call back. Not complicated jobs, delivery driver, retail, labor, that kind of stuff. I'm glad Iowa is doing well. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago I got downvoted for asking where you are...fucking assholes. Anyway, that's too far to commute for me. I've applied for dozens of jobs recently, I can't even get a call back. Not complicated jobs, delivery driver, retail, labor, that kind of stuff. I'm glad Iowa is doing well. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Emodius 2 points 5 days ago Oh shut up we are at full employment these fucks just refuse to work permalink parent award report block reply FuckChinaLongTime 2 points 5 days ago Yes, that 6 year old and that 75 year old should just go to trade school or get a job in construction, right? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Bullshit we are at full employment. You can't buy a job where I live. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Why the fuck are you buying jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago LOL I'm not! Nobody will sell one! It's a play on an old idiom. "You can't buy a ...(insert noun)"
It was meant tongue in cheek, but in all seriousness I've been looking for a simple sort of job and nobody in my area is hiring. Or at least nobody is calling me back. But I know through family that teenagers around here are having the same problems getting a job. Definitely not seeing any "help wanted" signs anywhere. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckChinaLongTime 2 points 5 days ago Yes, that 6 year old and that 75 year old should just go to trade school or get a job in construction, right? permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago Bullshit we are at full employment. You can't buy a job where I live. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Why the fuck are you buying jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago LOL I'm not! Nobody will sell one! It's a play on an old idiom. "You can't buy a ...(insert noun)"
It was meant tongue in cheek, but in all seriousness I've been looking for a simple sort of job and nobody in my area is hiring. Or at least nobody is calling me back. But I know through family that teenagers around here are having the same problems getting a job. Definitely not seeing any "help wanted" signs anywhere. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago Why the fuck are you buying jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago LOL I'm not! Nobody will sell one! It's a play on an old idiom. "You can't buy a ...(insert noun)"
It was meant tongue in cheek, but in all seriousness I've been looking for a simple sort of job and nobody in my area is hiring. Or at least nobody is calling me back. But I know through family that teenagers around here are having the same problems getting a job. Definitely not seeing any "help wanted" signs anywhere. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 1 points 5 days ago LOL I'm not! Nobody will sell one! It's a play on an old idiom. "You can't buy a ...(insert noun)"
It was meant tongue in cheek, but in all seriousness I've been looking for a simple sort of job and nobody in my area is hiring. Or at least nobody is calling me back. But I know through family that teenagers around here are having the same problems getting a job. Definitely not seeing any "help wanted" signs anywhere. permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 24 points 5 days ago Ride-sharing app gigs took off when everyone got fired during CoViD. Everyone was struggling to find work, but Globalists brought caravans of labor here. Why would they want Americans to be unemployed? permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 16 points 5 days ago The problem is: there is a large number of these entitled cretins out there to vote against the side that would deprive them of their gibs. I suggest proactively culling them. They are the real useless eaters. Thin the herd of parasites. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 7 points 5 days ago We can do things to help this along without actively killing people. I say give the lifelong drug users all the drugs they want. Sterilize all the welfare queens and their offspring and if the fathers can't be located gather dna from the offspring and keep a database so that when his dna shows up (probably from a crime scene) he can be sterilized too including any other of his offspring. While we're at it, sterilize everyone in prison including juveniles. We need to filter them out of the gene pool. Let the covidiots get daily boosters. permalink parent award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 7 points 5 days ago If we're expected to pay reparations for being white, offspring of criminals should be expected to pay society back for their parents' crimes. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 5 days ago I don't know of anyone actually paying or getting reparations, been a lot of talk but no actual payments.  My point is removing the dregs of society from the gene pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 4 points 5 days ago Between Affirmative Action, DEI, various transfer payment programs over the years, and unpaid crime victim compensation, I'm pretty sure they owe us money by now. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 5 days ago Once off the system it only goes one way. Before they hated the people that wanted to cut it. After being cut, they hate the people cut them off AND the people on it AND the people who let them cut off. Fuck em. Cut them off. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 5 days ago I have simpler solution.   Just end the gibs!  $0. Done.  Off!  Money saved.  Stop it! permalink parent award report block reply AtheistTrumper 1 points 5 days ago You should lose your right to vote while you are on voluntary welfare permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 7 points 5 days ago We can do things to help this along without actively killing people. I say give the lifelong drug users all the drugs they want. Sterilize all the welfare queens and their offspring and if the fathers can't be located gather dna from the offspring and keep a database so that when his dna shows up (probably from a crime scene) he can be sterilized too including any other of his offspring. While we're at it, sterilize everyone in prison including juveniles. We need to filter them out of the gene pool. Let the covidiots get daily boosters. permalink parent award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 7 points 5 days ago If we're expected to pay reparations for being white, offspring of criminals should be expected to pay society back for their parents' crimes. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 5 days ago I don't know of anyone actually paying or getting reparations, been a lot of talk but no actual payments.  My point is removing the dregs of society from the gene pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 4 points 5 days ago Between Affirmative Action, DEI, various transfer payment programs over the years, and unpaid crime victim compensation, I'm pretty sure they owe us money by now. permalink parent award report block reply
A_Little_White_Duck 7 points 5 days ago If we're expected to pay reparations for being white, offspring of criminals should be expected to pay society back for their parents' crimes. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 5 days ago I don't know of anyone actually paying or getting reparations, been a lot of talk but no actual payments.  My point is removing the dregs of society from the gene pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 4 points 5 days ago Between Affirmative Action, DEI, various transfer payment programs over the years, and unpaid crime victim compensation, I'm pretty sure they owe us money by now. permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 1 points 5 days ago I don't know of anyone actually paying or getting reparations, been a lot of talk but no actual payments.  My point is removing the dregs of society from the gene pool. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 4 points 5 days ago Between Affirmative Action, DEI, various transfer payment programs over the years, and unpaid crime victim compensation, I'm pretty sure they owe us money by now. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 4 points 5 days ago Between Affirmative Action, DEI, various transfer payment programs over the years, and unpaid crime victim compensation, I'm pretty sure they owe us money by now. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 1 points 5 days ago Once off the system it only goes one way. Before they hated the people that wanted to cut it. After being cut, they hate the people cut them off AND the people on it AND the people who let them cut off. Fuck em. Cut them off. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 1 points 5 days ago I have simpler solution.   Just end the gibs!  $0. Done.  Off!  Money saved.  Stop it! permalink parent award report block reply
AtheistTrumper 1 points 5 days ago You should lose your right to vote while you are on voluntary welfare permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 13 points 5 days ago Great. Do something about child support and coparenting next. We have a split nation. One is feminist and accepts any and all that is ‘gifted’ by the govt- The other wants to create for their family and communities.  We are at odds with the judeo feminist model that is destroying the fabric of this once great country. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 5 days ago Coparentimg has caused more kids to go NC than any other time in history. It's also at least partially responsible for the housing crisis. https://www.marylandlawhelp.com/blog/new-research-shows-fathers-favored-in-child-custody-battles/ https://wamu.org/story/19/08/19/fathers-are-favored-in-child-custody-battles-even-when-abuse-is-alleged/ https://zawn.substack.com/p/family-courts-and-child-custody-are-3a9 permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 5 days ago Coparentimg has caused more kids to go NC than any other time in history. It's also at least partially responsible for the housing crisis. https://www.marylandlawhelp.com/blog/new-research-shows-fathers-favored-in-child-custody-battles/ https://wamu.org/story/19/08/19/fathers-are-favored-in-child-custody-battles-even-when-abuse-is-alleged/ https://zawn.substack.com/p/family-courts-and-child-custody-are-3a9 permalink parent award report block reply
Monzie 9 points 5 days ago Well please let everyone know when jobs that can help you afford a 500k house and an 80k truck when you're living paycheck to paycheck open up. The biggest problem is that housing and vehicles are so insane people cannot afford anything even with jobs. 2.5k-3k a month for a living space is crushing. Fix illegals and Blackrock screwing the price of everything first. permalink award report block reply mikejones 2 points 5 days ago People like to narrow down things but it comes down to money. Who can take on debt and then a family. With prices only going up. Then you got those already with families trying to figure it out. Good luck fixing the 3rd largest by land country. permalink parent award report block reply RStroud 1 points 5 days ago 500k house and an 80k truck Move off the crowded, over-regulated coasts and into the middle of America.  If you choose well and move early you night be able to ride the wave of people just like you and double your equity in short order. permalink parent award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 2 points 5 days ago It's this expensive in kansas. I was shocked to pay nyc prices for an apartment to rent and I still needed to buy a car because there is no public transportation and in order to work you need a car.  It's ridiculously expensive everywhere permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago A 300k farm and no vehicle more than 30k. Hell the flatbed I got for 15k just a year used and 12k miles. That 80k is filled with fancy shit you dont fucking need. I would love a company to make trucks like they use to. A engine, a cab, a large bed, 4 wheels. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Is it things being too expensive, or our currency having been made valueless that is the problem? permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I say both. Honestly if we get rid of the illegal parasites sucking the system. The housing market will be affordable again. It pisses me when I found out illegals are getting easy mortgages/rentals funded and paid by us! But us citizens get put through the ringer for attempting to get one. I was pissed when my mother in law who had no job got her new car loan while I never had a payment issue and a full time job got scrutiny from the same dealership. WTF? Sorry for the rant but that really bothered me. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago They are prob being predatory to you MIL, they will give shitty blacks car loans easily too, bc they know they will default and basically just give them free money and pay zero off on the principle. And they gotta move cars. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 2 points 5 days ago People like to narrow down things but it comes down to money. Who can take on debt and then a family. With prices only going up. Then you got those already with families trying to figure it out. Good luck fixing the 3rd largest by land country. permalink parent award report block reply
RStroud 1 points 5 days ago 500k house and an 80k truck Move off the crowded, over-regulated coasts and into the middle of America.  If you choose well and move early you night be able to ride the wave of people just like you and double your equity in short order. permalink parent award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 2 points 5 days ago It's this expensive in kansas. I was shocked to pay nyc prices for an apartment to rent and I still needed to buy a car because there is no public transportation and in order to work you need a car.  It's ridiculously expensive everywhere permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago A 300k farm and no vehicle more than 30k. Hell the flatbed I got for 15k just a year used and 12k miles. That 80k is filled with fancy shit you dont fucking need. I would love a company to make trucks like they use to. A engine, a cab, a large bed, 4 wheels. permalink parent award report block reply
NY2KCMO1776 2 points 5 days ago It's this expensive in kansas. I was shocked to pay nyc prices for an apartment to rent and I still needed to buy a car because there is no public transportation and in order to work you need a car.  It's ridiculously expensive everywhere permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 5 days ago A 300k farm and no vehicle more than 30k. Hell the flatbed I got for 15k just a year used and 12k miles. That 80k is filled with fancy shit you dont fucking need. I would love a company to make trucks like they use to. A engine, a cab, a large bed, 4 wheels. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 0 points 5 days ago Is it things being too expensive, or our currency having been made valueless that is the problem? permalink parent award report block reply flirp 1 points 5 days ago I say both. Honestly if we get rid of the illegal parasites sucking the system. The housing market will be affordable again. It pisses me when I found out illegals are getting easy mortgages/rentals funded and paid by us! But us citizens get put through the ringer for attempting to get one. I was pissed when my mother in law who had no job got her new car loan while I never had a payment issue and a full time job got scrutiny from the same dealership. WTF? Sorry for the rant but that really bothered me. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago They are prob being predatory to you MIL, they will give shitty blacks car loans easily too, bc they know they will default and basically just give them free money and pay zero off on the principle. And they gotta move cars. permalink parent award report block reply
flirp 1 points 5 days ago I say both. Honestly if we get rid of the illegal parasites sucking the system. The housing market will be affordable again. It pisses me when I found out illegals are getting easy mortgages/rentals funded and paid by us! But us citizens get put through the ringer for attempting to get one. I was pissed when my mother in law who had no job got her new car loan while I never had a payment issue and a full time job got scrutiny from the same dealership. WTF? Sorry for the rant but that really bothered me. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago They are prob being predatory to you MIL, they will give shitty blacks car loans easily too, bc they know they will default and basically just give them free money and pay zero off on the principle. And they gotta move cars. permalink parent award report block reply
penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago They are prob being predatory to you MIL, they will give shitty blacks car loans easily too, bc they know they will default and basically just give them free money and pay zero off on the principle. And they gotta move cars. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 8 points 5 days ago He's letting children starve! permalink award report block reply 73Cuda 15 points 5 days ago Its not his job to feed em, thats the parent's responsibility. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 5 points 5 days ago Quit using big words, white supreme! You rayciss! permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago That's 6 syllables for goodness sake! permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 5 days ago He's still going to be unfairly blamed for it permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago Can't feed 'em, don't breed 'em. permalink parent award report block reply Smcnelly 4 points 5 days ago You forgot reeeeeeeeee permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago Is that why some retard downvoted me? permalink parent award report block reply
73Cuda 15 points 5 days ago Its not his job to feed em, thats the parent's responsibility. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 5 points 5 days ago Quit using big words, white supreme! You rayciss! permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago That's 6 syllables for goodness sake! permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 5 days ago He's still going to be unfairly blamed for it permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago Can't feed 'em, don't breed 'em. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 5 points 5 days ago Quit using big words, white supreme! You rayciss! permalink parent award report block reply
penguinjay1212 1 points 5 days ago That's 6 syllables for goodness sake! permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 1 points 5 days ago He's still going to be unfairly blamed for it permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago Can't feed 'em, don't breed 'em. permalink parent award report block reply
Smcnelly 4 points 5 days ago You forgot reeeeeeeeee permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago Is that why some retard downvoted me? permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago Is that why some retard downvoted me? permalink parent award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 8 points 5 days ago Let's not kid ourselves here. It was always meant for that. It was always meant to keep a democrat plantation, a perpetual democrat voter bank, to buy votes. permalink award report block reply
Deplorable556 7 points 5 days ago food stamps? eating? be me, wake up 5am, work by 7am. work days vary, a short day is 8 hours or less, but some days it can be up to 16. i never know what time ill get home, any night, ever. i dont take a lunch break, i dont eat while working. often ill come home and eat dinner in bed. i eat one massive meal per day. coffee for breakfast, water for lunch, dinner in bed. meanwhile yall lazy fucks just sit at home and beg for free handouts. bitching about a part time work requirement. well maybe IF YOU WORKED ALOT YOU WOULDNT HAVE TIME TO EAT! permalink award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 8 points 5 days ago I never understood people who gloat about how miserable their life is. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 6 points 5 days ago We're all miserable, but we can be happy with Jesus permalink parent award report block reply Bazhosh 5 points 5 days ago Congratulations, you live the American Dream. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 2 points 5 days ago Of appreciate you. Seriously permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 5 days ago Bro, you gotta get yourself some nut bars to throw in your pocket or something so you're not starving all day.  What line of work you in? permalink parent award report block reply
BillyBobBrewer 8 points 5 days ago I never understood people who gloat about how miserable their life is. permalink parent award report block reply AmarilloArmadillo 6 points 5 days ago We're all miserable, but we can be happy with Jesus permalink parent award report block reply
AmarilloArmadillo 6 points 5 days ago We're all miserable, but we can be happy with Jesus permalink parent award report block reply
Bazhosh 5 points 5 days ago Congratulations, you live the American Dream. permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 2 points 5 days ago Of appreciate you. Seriously permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 1 points 5 days ago Bro, you gotta get yourself some nut bars to throw in your pocket or something so you're not starving all day.  What line of work you in? permalink parent award report block reply
ckover9000 7 points 5 days ago Well, crat kings (judges) disagree. Take this week as an indication of how things will play out next November. Trump needs to go double hard, get the crooks not just arrested but in prison, and get some permanent shit in place. >but but but then crats will take the house and impeach him in revenge spoiler alert: they're doing it anyway permalink award report block reply
Emodius 6 points 5 days ago He doesn't even have a means to fund SNAP. All they need to do is have speaker Johnson put up a clean SNAP funding bill Trump allegedly wrote. Force the Democrats to vote against it, or less likely for it permalink award report block reply
BudBurner 5 points 5 days ago They need to make it a limited time thing, like you get a maximum 3 years worth for life. permalink award report block reply
remindmelater 4 points 5 days ago To me, convincing the gov't that you're so poor that you qualify for free food is a humiliating experience that encourage unethical behavior. It encourages people to lie about their income and assets while they sometimes laugh at the system that allows them to be so unethical. Yet the system often fails those who really need the relief. permalink award report block reply MR__K 2 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 2 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply
MrIDontGiveAFuck 3 points 5 days ago SNAP Resumes..
48hrs from now..
Your cards will be funded..
Per HHS permalink award report block reply
LolOkFBI 3 points 5 days ago Why is it so hard for us to just be able to give it to people who need it like people with disabilities, rather than being something that everybody can apply for? permalink award report block reply Logan051361 4 points 5 days ago It should go too People on Disabilities and Seniors. and it should be for healthy foods not candy and pop and crap thats loaded with Sugar. I see so many with tattoos and then use the snap card. those tattoos are not cheap and somehow find money for it but not for food permalink parent award report block reply
Logan051361 4 points 5 days ago It should go too People on Disabilities and Seniors. and it should be for healthy foods not candy and pop and crap thats loaded with Sugar. I see so many with tattoos and then use the snap card. those tattoos are not cheap and somehow find money for it but not for food permalink parent award report block reply
nomoreprinkles 3 points 5 days ago A long time ago, some never do wells decided, without anyone asking, that unskilled people should be in the city industrial centers of america because they're brown or something, far from the types of jobs they were used to doing. Unsurprisingly, moving in a metric ton of people causes huge employment disparity and poverty. These same monsters then said "oh look at all these useless people, we have to feed and shelter them now!" again, without asking anyone. permalink award report block reply mikejones 1 points 5 days ago My parents born and grew up middle of nowhere America and I had a lucky early life. Now things are so backwards from 40 to 60 years ago. I blame inventions that made it easy to build and move goods around the world. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 1 points 5 days ago My parents born and grew up middle of nowhere America and I had a lucky early life. Now things are so backwards from 40 to 60 years ago. I blame inventions that made it easy to build and move goods around the world. permalink parent award report block reply
Txiribiton 2 points 5 days ago They are always pointing what we already know, curiously they never say how they are going to fix it. 1 year with this bullshit, someone called it demoralization. permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 5 days ago They'll twist his words here because covid was the original excuse for giving benefits to everyone. permalink award report block reply
PKC_MAN 2 points 5 days ago That is true. It was meant for temporolary help, just like welfare. The better solution is monitoring closely the people using it. They are taking our money so we have to make sure it is for good use. permalink award report block reply
Deplorable556 2 points 5 days ago man, i work so much i dont even have the free time to stop and eat three meals per day permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 5 days ago Are you working right now? permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago Gosh more power too you. Its rough out here permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 1 points 5 days ago Are you working right now? permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 1 points 5 days ago Gosh more power too you. Its rough out here permalink parent award report block reply
BartzFFV 2 points 5 days ago Yeah I'd rather give it to Israel, and Africa. permalink award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 2 points 5 days ago This is proof Trump hates fat people first cheap ozempic now this!?! - CNN probably permalink award report block reply
wst4 2 points 5 days ago Safety net, not a damn hammock! permalink award report block reply
CovfefeKaren 2 points 5 days ago Exactly.  It's supposed to be a temporary lift for minimum wage workers until they earn more.  It's supposed to be for the genuinely disabled.  It's supposed to be for the elderly.  All of which must be US Citizens and residents of the state they're getting food stamps from. I'm not against food stamps.  I'm against food stamp fraud.  I'm against illegals getting food stamps. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 5 days ago Taking welfare should exempt you from voting. This is common sense. permalink award report block reply
General_Specific 1 points 5 days ago It should be treated similarly to unemployment insurance. permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 1 points 5 days ago Yet so many people, millions of them, are able to use it for just that purpose. permalink award report block reply
Yucko 1 points 5 days ago It was meant to create a permanent dependent voting class. permalink award report block reply
TrumpLandslide20201 1 points 5 days ago We are so close to the point the government has been shut down so long our great King can abolish most SNAP "benefits". It's going to happen. Then there will be plenty for people that actually need them, which is a small fraction of what is being handed out currently. permalink award report block reply
Wupta PRO 1 points 5 days ago First we need clean elections next all lifelong welfare has to be ended. permalink award report block reply
xBigCoffinHunter 1 points 5 days ago Maybe we’re doing it wrong?  Every once in a while you gotta reflect and consider the possibility that you are in fact crazy.  The shit is just too fucking retarded for you not to be crazy. permalink award report block reply
DocBrody 1 points 5 days ago I can haz no free stuff from society? Surprised  communist Pikachu face permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 1 points 5 days ago Titlegore /> Trump on food stamps Poor guy's going for broke permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 1 points 5 days ago Nor the morbidly obese. permalink award report block reply
DanIsSwell 1 points 5 days ago Transitional assistance is meant for transition periods. For those who truly qualify, there should be a 6 month time limit. If they haven’t found a job and got on their feet in that reasonable time, then tough shit. There are people out there who have kids just to stay on welfare forever. permalink award report block reply
TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 5 days ago You already have Muslims on the sidewalk of NYC praying on rugs. Mandani will soon make it illegal to live in NY if you are white permalink award report block reply
BillyBobBrewer 1 points 5 days ago The liberals will read this headline as: 🚨🚨 PRESIDENT TRUMP ON FOOD STAMPS permalink award report block reply
Test_user21 1 points 5 days ago The problem is, most of the world's billionaires do nothing as well, and they collect much much more than a measly 99.8B a year permalink award report block reply
Chitownpolak 1 points 5 days ago Fuckin joggers and spics living on section 8 collecting stamps and driving their hellcat to their $15 an hour job. permalink award report block reply
mav7579 1 points 5 days ago Does he go an interview without mentioning BIDEN?  LOL I wonder if old Joe watches MSNBC all day and gets worked up before his handlers calm him down. permalink award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 1 points 5 days ago We won't go back to paying for food stamps. permalink award report block reply
Scot 1 points 5 days ago Tax dollar handouts have become so lucrative that employers can't compete. Once they are on those handouts, the only jobs they want are "under the table" to prevent any reduction in that free money.
In some states, the tax dollar handouts can add up to over $100,000 per year. permalink award report block reply
EvilGreed209 1 points 5 days ago Well put it out in the damn public that its mostly welfare queen ass women making tiktoks about "I dont need no Man's" ya  bitch because the government is your man.. You got these fat black bitches talking about they get 3-4k a month on ebt to feed their 5-8 kids that they shit out from fresh out prisoners in the hood banging them out and putting the burden on the taxpayers like anyone wants to be feeding little spooks out here robbing people in the streets pissed off cause no father or real home just a slut mother and a prisoner father.. that is the story of about 80% of the blacks today and the rest fucked thanks to US Gov allowing 55 million visa holders and probably 80 million illegals aint nobody buying that 50 years 11 million bullshit numbers most of california if u drive around is latino finding a white guy with blonde hair and blue eyes is fucking near impossible they have mostly moved to idaho as some last white outpost or been replaced due to their daughters having no babies just bullshit careers mostly in HR and hired to blow the nerds to keep them coming to work.. permalink award report block reply
MajorClark 1 points 5 days ago Shit can the current EBT program and make people reapply. permalink award report block reply
AtheistTrumper 1 points 5 days ago Food stamps should be ended. It's absurd to think poor people should get whatever they want while working people have to budget under the amount in the benefits. It makes no sense. Poor people don't get everything they want. They can have what they need, though. Send them some food that will motivate them to get a job. permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 1 points 5 days ago MaKiNg SuRe ThEy AcTuAlLy NeEd It WiLl CoSt MoRe I've actually heard that excuse from leftists. Any change whatsoever from the fraudulent status quo is just utterly untenable apparently because it will be too expensive. ): permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 1 points 5 days ago Dads home permalink award report block reply
ifyoustrikemedown 1 points 5 days ago In Chicago it is common practice to sell your SNAP card for cash. The going rate is 50% of the value of the card. The buyer gets a 50% discount on her groceries and the seller gets weed money. permalink award report block reply
Timbo1965 1 points 5 days ago It works until they run out of other peoples money permalink award report block reply
Dev404 1 points 5 days ago This program shouldn't exist at all. It's not our responsibility to pay for other people's groceries and housing. Furthermore, since the government is extremely irresponsible, above the law, expensive, and doesn't represent the taxpayers, they need their powers severely reduced and budget drastically reduced, accordingly. permalink award report block reply
Another_ID 1 points 5 days ago Issue a box of "food" a week.  Done. permalink award report block reply
20FREEDOMLIBERTY20 1 points 5 days ago So, let’s shut it down and have the impoverished reapply for benefits. Gross abuse should be terminated. permalink award report block reply
SuperHonkey 1 points 5 days ago 9 B I L L I O N FOR ONE MONTH!! LET THAT SINK IN.... ACCELLERATE!!!! permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny -8 points 5 days ago Work where? 7.25 x 40 covers nothing. Arbitrary insurance raises. permalink award report block reply BALDFUCKINGEAGLE 2 points 5 days ago It covers what you've earned.... if you want more be better permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -8 points 5 days ago lol bootstraps. 🤣🤡 You’re why Repubs are going to lose 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 4 points 5 days ago Nah they're going to do that anyway and it has nothing to do with lazy grifting liberals like you. No one works for 7.25 Shit that didn't happen. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago We hire people for farm labor at 7.25, but if they have any skills, experience or simply make it 3 weeks they get bumped up to $9. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Thats your problem.  Get some skills.  We pay minimum wage for minimum caliber people. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago I have skills 15 years in IT can i have a job please sir. Will code for cash even hard working people lose their jobs. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Soft hands, brotha.  I'm hiring for field labor. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 1 points 5 days ago Skills take years to acquire. Entry level Americans have nothing. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Somehow lots of people have skills so clearly it's not that hard. In fact 7 out of 8 americans have enough skills to fully support themselves and you lazy welfare fucks. If people are in their 30s and literally have no marketable skills, fuck them.  They should starve. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -1 points 5 days ago An 18 year old American boy and girl cannot have a child and raise it on one income. - the problem. “That’s never been possible” - yes the fuck it was. “Not only do I have to do good you have to do bad.” - that’s you. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
BALDFUCKINGEAGLE 2 points 5 days ago It covers what you've earned.... if you want more be better permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -8 points 5 days ago lol bootstraps. 🤣🤡 You’re why Repubs are going to lose 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 4 points 5 days ago Nah they're going to do that anyway and it has nothing to do with lazy grifting liberals like you. No one works for 7.25 Shit that didn't happen. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago We hire people for farm labor at 7.25, but if they have any skills, experience or simply make it 3 weeks they get bumped up to $9. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
PatriotSkorzeny -8 points 5 days ago lol bootstraps. 🤣🤡 You’re why Repubs are going to lose 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 4 points 5 days ago Nah they're going to do that anyway and it has nothing to do with lazy grifting liberals like you. No one works for 7.25 Shit that didn't happen. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago We hire people for farm labor at 7.25, but if they have any skills, experience or simply make it 3 weeks they get bumped up to $9. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Emodius 4 points 5 days ago Nah they're going to do that anyway and it has nothing to do with lazy grifting liberals like you. No one works for 7.25 Shit that didn't happen. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago We hire people for farm labor at 7.25, but if they have any skills, experience or simply make it 3 weeks they get bumped up to $9. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago We hire people for farm labor at 7.25, but if they have any skills, experience or simply make it 3 weeks they get bumped up to $9. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Thats your problem.  Get some skills.  We pay minimum wage for minimum caliber people. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago I have skills 15 years in IT can i have a job please sir. Will code for cash even hard working people lose their jobs. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Soft hands, brotha.  I'm hiring for field labor. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 1 points 5 days ago Skills take years to acquire. Entry level Americans have nothing. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Somehow lots of people have skills so clearly it's not that hard. In fact 7 out of 8 americans have enough skills to fully support themselves and you lazy welfare fucks. If people are in their 30s and literally have no marketable skills, fuck them.  They should starve. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -1 points 5 days ago An 18 year old American boy and girl cannot have a child and raise it on one income. - the problem. “That’s never been possible” - yes the fuck it was. “Not only do I have to do good you have to do bad.” - that’s you. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MR__K 1 points 5 days ago I have skills 15 years in IT can i have a job please sir. Will code for cash even hard working people lose their jobs. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Soft hands, brotha.  I'm hiring for field labor. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Soft hands, brotha.  I'm hiring for field labor. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 1 points 5 days ago Skills take years to acquire. Entry level Americans have nothing. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Somehow lots of people have skills so clearly it's not that hard. In fact 7 out of 8 americans have enough skills to fully support themselves and you lazy welfare fucks. If people are in their 30s and literally have no marketable skills, fuck them.  They should starve. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -1 points 5 days ago An 18 year old American boy and girl cannot have a child and raise it on one income. - the problem. “That’s never been possible” - yes the fuck it was. “Not only do I have to do good you have to do bad.” - that’s you. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 2 points 5 days ago Somehow lots of people have skills so clearly it's not that hard. In fact 7 out of 8 americans have enough skills to fully support themselves and you lazy welfare fucks. If people are in their 30s and literally have no marketable skills, fuck them.  They should starve. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny -1 points 5 days ago An 18 year old American boy and girl cannot have a child and raise it on one income. - the problem. “That’s never been possible” - yes the fuck it was. “Not only do I have to do good you have to do bad.” - that’s you. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
PatriotSkorzeny -1 points 5 days ago An 18 year old American boy and girl cannot have a child and raise it on one income. - the problem. “That’s never been possible” - yes the fuck it was. “Not only do I have to do good you have to do bad.” - that’s you. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TheDarkEmperor 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply