39 Looks like Trump shares the same sentiment; fool me once..... posted 6 hours ago by bbq1 5 comments award share download report block
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style HeavenlyTrumpets 4 points 6 hours ago Most Indian h1b workers lie on their resumes and look everything up on google and youtube videos, taking an eternity to finish anything.  They are also known for being a dead weight on team projects, needing their hand held on everything, needing everything explained, and just plain not doing their part at all.  It's like a high school project where you and maybe one other person do all the work, but everyone gets an A. permalink award report block reply MeMargie 4 points 6 hours ago GFY Vivek, Diversity the 45 point plan of the communist takeover destroyed the States. Many were raised on no work no eat. We didn't choose to be a Con Man like you. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 4 points 6 hours ago Lazy?! jeets and muslims can’t even walk to the trash can to throw their garbage out.  They just open the door and throw it in the alley. permalink award report block reply Tad48 2 points 6 hours ago Not all segments of US culture. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 0 points 6 hours ago wait you assholes call the left lazy assholes who don't want to work but someone else does it and you get all butt hurt. permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 4 points 6 hours ago Most Indian h1b workers lie on their resumes and look everything up on google and youtube videos, taking an eternity to finish anything.  They are also known for being a dead weight on team projects, needing their hand held on everything, needing everything explained, and just plain not doing their part at all.  It's like a high school project where you and maybe one other person do all the work, but everyone gets an A. permalink award report block reply
MeMargie 4 points 6 hours ago GFY Vivek, Diversity the 45 point plan of the communist takeover destroyed the States. Many were raised on no work no eat. We didn't choose to be a Con Man like you. permalink award report block reply
YaharaRiver 4 points 6 hours ago Lazy?! jeets and muslims can’t even walk to the trash can to throw their garbage out.  They just open the door and throw it in the alley. permalink award report block reply
Tad48 2 points 6 hours ago Not all segments of US culture. permalink award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 0 points 6 hours ago wait you assholes call the left lazy assholes who don't want to work but someone else does it and you get all butt hurt. permalink award report block reply