668 Stupid dems posted 2 days ago by wst4 5 comments award share download report block
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 5 Parasite Causing Foods You Should Stop Eating Right Now Paratoxil MyNameIsTaxpayer 11 points 2 days ago We've witnessed what they'll do for a free doughnut. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 9 points 2 days ago Those free fries were to die for, according to an ex-NYC mayor. This is how stupid NYC voters are and have been. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 4 points 2 days ago Why are they White? permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 2 days ago Nothing in life is free, either some sucker is paying for it or YOU are the product. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 2 days ago Correct the Wording.... A. Who wants Free Stuff???  All hands go up.... B. Who wants to GIVE AWAY FREE STUFF??? Again, All Hands go up.... C. Who Wants to pay for other peoples Free Stuff???  No Hands go up.... In both A & B what we see is Everyone gets Free stuff, or at very least by Gifting Others with free Stuff, there's a very good possibility that the one Giving will also be receiving, Free Stuff.... permalink award report block reply
MyNameIsTaxpayer 11 points 2 days ago We've witnessed what they'll do for a free doughnut. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 9 points 2 days ago Those free fries were to die for, according to an ex-NYC mayor. This is how stupid NYC voters are and have been. permalink parent award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 9 points 2 days ago Those free fries were to die for, according to an ex-NYC mayor. This is how stupid NYC voters are and have been. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 4 points 2 days ago Why are they White? permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 2 days ago Nothing in life is free, either some sucker is paying for it or YOU are the product. permalink award report block reply
HOSEQ 1 points 2 days ago Correct the Wording.... A. Who wants Free Stuff???  All hands go up.... B. Who wants to GIVE AWAY FREE STUFF??? Again, All Hands go up.... C. Who Wants to pay for other peoples Free Stuff???  No Hands go up.... In both A & B what we see is Everyone gets Free stuff, or at very least by Gifting Others with free Stuff, there's a very good possibility that the one Giving will also be receiving, Free Stuff.... permalink award report block reply