25 If Foreigners Are Taking 3-7 Years to Train Americans, They ARENT GOING BACK HOME AFTER ITS DONE posted 5 hours ago by flashersenpai 8 comments award share report block RedWave Press @RedWave_Press • 9h Brian Kilmeade: President Trump and Laura Ingraham clashed on H-1B visas… Where do you stand Mr. Secretary? Secretary of Treasury Scott Bessent: “So I think the president's vision here is to bring in overseas workers where these jobs went, who have the skills, 3, 5, 7 years to
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno Trooph-Hurts 7 points 5 hours ago I have 45 years of mfg experience…… the max number of time required to train workers in MFG is about 3 months maybe! These dirty illiterate bastards from India and China aren’t going to train us on jack shit unless it’s how to be unsafe, have poor quality, and destroy the environment…. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago The point is to replace you so there is no historical community in America. That way there will be no resistance to radical changes being implemented by the globalists. Everyone just a random strangers who was imported yesterday and doesn't know any better. permalink parent award report block reply Langtath 4 points 5 hours ago If we need them to teach us, why are they coming here for school? permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Intel needs them to replace you. The govt owns 10% of intel. Your government is literally replacing you with shitskins from the 3rd world so that shitskins at intel can have a better quality of life for themselves. Haha, fuck you i guess. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 3 points 5 hours ago Think of the number of anchor babies born in 7 years. permalink award report block reply rumplestiltzkin2 2 points 4 hours ago theres these things called schools for that permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago How the fuck can foreigners train americans? Is anyone even processing this nonsensical statement? Why would the entire world need to come here if they are so smart and competent that they could teach US something? Wouldn't it be us clamoring to go to their countries to learn? How the fuck is any of this being said with a straight face? permalink award report block reply flashersenpai OP 0 points 49 minutes ago bessent got sent out for damage control unfortunately he's an out of touch finance elite so it aint working permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 7 points 5 hours ago I have 45 years of mfg experience…… the max number of time required to train workers in MFG is about 3 months maybe! These dirty illiterate bastards from India and China aren’t going to train us on jack shit unless it’s how to be unsafe, have poor quality, and destroy the environment…. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago The point is to replace you so there is no historical community in America. That way there will be no resistance to radical changes being implemented by the globalists. Everyone just a random strangers who was imported yesterday and doesn't know any better. permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago The point is to replace you so there is no historical community in America. That way there will be no resistance to radical changes being implemented by the globalists. Everyone just a random strangers who was imported yesterday and doesn't know any better. permalink parent award report block reply
Langtath 4 points 5 hours ago If we need them to teach us, why are they coming here for school? permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Intel needs them to replace you. The govt owns 10% of intel. Your government is literally replacing you with shitskins from the 3rd world so that shitskins at intel can have a better quality of life for themselves. Haha, fuck you i guess. permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Intel needs them to replace you. The govt owns 10% of intel. Your government is literally replacing you with shitskins from the 3rd world so that shitskins at intel can have a better quality of life for themselves. Haha, fuck you i guess. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 3 points 5 hours ago Think of the number of anchor babies born in 7 years. permalink award report block reply
rumplestiltzkin2 2 points 4 hours ago theres these things called schools for that permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago How the fuck can foreigners train americans? Is anyone even processing this nonsensical statement? Why would the entire world need to come here if they are so smart and competent that they could teach US something? Wouldn't it be us clamoring to go to their countries to learn? How the fuck is any of this being said with a straight face? permalink award report block reply flashersenpai OP 0 points 49 minutes ago bessent got sent out for damage control unfortunately he's an out of touch finance elite so it aint working permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 0 points 49 minutes ago bessent got sent out for damage control unfortunately he's an out of touch finance elite so it aint working permalink parent award report block reply