22 Nick Fuentes knowingly supplied child predator Ali Alexander with a pipeline of teenage boys to prey on and groom - some as young as 15. 🧼  BATHHOUSE  BARRY  🚿 posted 12 hours ago by TrancePhreak 25 comments award share report block Nathan Livingstone (MilkBarTV) @TheMilkBarTV • 2d 🚨 Nick Fuentes knowingly supplied child predator Ali Alexander with a pipeline of teenage boys to prey on and groom - some as young as 15. Milo Yiannopoulos even asked him in 2022: “How many of your fans does he have to molest?” Nick Fuentes joked: “I think after 50 we’re
25 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web twentytwentyfourr 5 points 12 hours ago what is it that he's saying lately that requires this co-ordinated attack? permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker 2 points 12 hours ago Always the truth, even when it hurts. https://rumble.com/v71kwgk-america-first-ep.-1596.html permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr -2 points 12 hours ago b00ya! permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 1 points 11 hours ago People finally are seeing what this retard actually says on his show, and his faggy little supporters are astonished that wider society finds him to be repulsive. There is nothing "cordinated" about it, as if somehow you assumed the shit he says was ever supported just because he was largely ignored. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 hours ago repulsive?  they have never heard anything he has said, just like charlie kirk, trump, alex jones, etc permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 5 hours ago Yeah like the part of saying the VP is a fat idiot that married a "jeet" and has "brown kids with Indian names" and he will vote for Newsom because he has a "white wife". Also he a big fan of Stalin and is "team Hitler". Dude, either you purposely never bothered to listen to that fag or you are just playing stupid. Which for groypers it can eaisly be both. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 hours ago i mean if everyone else knows these things i guess im not in that echo chamber you are saying normies have been told all these things? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago the pearl clutching is getting nauseating permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr -1 points 8 hours ago what did he say? lol permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 0 points 10 hours ago What about this is an unjust attack? permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP -1 points 11 hours ago So you're pro homo pedophile? permalink parent award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 10 hours ago Sean Hannity: Israel is so gay that we have to support them! permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago how does your whacky fizzed out brain come to that conclusion? permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 1 points 7 hours ago He's being promoted by globohomo and enables child rape. The NYT is one of the outlets that promotes the globohomo marching orders, which is why they promoted Fuentes recently. You coming to his defense shows me what you are up to. Showing kids porn and molesting them is what the globohomo LGBTQ agenda does, but also what Fuentes does. If it quacks like a duck... permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago new york times promotes nick? and he enables child rape? you base that on what? this clip of him saying that's disgusting and that he warned everyone about ali? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago you being retarded shows me how retarded you are permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 5 points 11 hours ago OP is a foreign agent bent on dividing MAGA.  Israel first shill. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ permalink award report block reply TrancePhreak OP -1 points 11 hours ago yawn The coordinated pushing of Fuentes and others who have repeatedly been anti-MAGA or anti-Trump is what that article is about. https://xcancel.com/NickJFuentes/status/1831499635149697352?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 0 points 5 hours ago And yet you don't deny it... telling. permalink parent award report block reply Wizard_Glick 1 points 12 hours ago And yet, they walk free... permalink award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 1 points 11 hours ago Chicago protects it's child molesters, just ask Obama. permalink parent award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 10 hours ago This Nathan Livingstone character is an Australian Jew, and has been spouting lies in every post I see. This is the guy that watermarked and posted a clip from Candace's book club (got copyright striked and cried like a bitch.) Nick also said Hitler was awesome.  Jokes, you retard. permalink award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 0 points 12 hours ago Alt Link: https://xcancel.com/TheMilkBarTV/status/1988148541299233184?s=20 permalink award report block reply JiggsawCalrissian 0 points 11 hours ago Okay so arrest Ali Alexander and if it can be proven Fuentes was involved charge him This feels very "lefties on epstein" R:  its about justice for the victims L: its about getting Trump. Whats this about victims? permalink award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 5 points 12 hours ago what is it that he's saying lately that requires this co-ordinated attack? permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker 2 points 12 hours ago Always the truth, even when it hurts. https://rumble.com/v71kwgk-america-first-ep.-1596.html permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr -2 points 12 hours ago b00ya! permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 1 points 11 hours ago People finally are seeing what this retard actually says on his show, and his faggy little supporters are astonished that wider society finds him to be repulsive. There is nothing "cordinated" about it, as if somehow you assumed the shit he says was ever supported just because he was largely ignored. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 hours ago repulsive?  they have never heard anything he has said, just like charlie kirk, trump, alex jones, etc permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 5 hours ago Yeah like the part of saying the VP is a fat idiot that married a "jeet" and has "brown kids with Indian names" and he will vote for Newsom because he has a "white wife". Also he a big fan of Stalin and is "team Hitler". Dude, either you purposely never bothered to listen to that fag or you are just playing stupid. Which for groypers it can eaisly be both. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 hours ago i mean if everyone else knows these things i guess im not in that echo chamber you are saying normies have been told all these things? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago the pearl clutching is getting nauseating permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr -1 points 8 hours ago what did he say? lol permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 0 points 10 hours ago What about this is an unjust attack? permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP -1 points 11 hours ago So you're pro homo pedophile? permalink parent award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 10 hours ago Sean Hannity: Israel is so gay that we have to support them! permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago how does your whacky fizzed out brain come to that conclusion? permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 1 points 7 hours ago He's being promoted by globohomo and enables child rape. The NYT is one of the outlets that promotes the globohomo marching orders, which is why they promoted Fuentes recently. You coming to his defense shows me what you are up to. Showing kids porn and molesting them is what the globohomo LGBTQ agenda does, but also what Fuentes does. If it quacks like a duck... permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago new york times promotes nick? and he enables child rape? you base that on what? this clip of him saying that's disgusting and that he warned everyone about ali? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago you being retarded shows me how retarded you are permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker 2 points 12 hours ago Always the truth, even when it hurts. https://rumble.com/v71kwgk-america-first-ep.-1596.html permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr -2 points 12 hours ago b00ya! permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr -2 points 12 hours ago b00ya! permalink parent award report block reply
VanDeKoik 1 points 11 hours ago People finally are seeing what this retard actually says on his show, and his faggy little supporters are astonished that wider society finds him to be repulsive. There is nothing "cordinated" about it, as if somehow you assumed the shit he says was ever supported just because he was largely ignored. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 hours ago repulsive?  they have never heard anything he has said, just like charlie kirk, trump, alex jones, etc permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 5 hours ago Yeah like the part of saying the VP is a fat idiot that married a "jeet" and has "brown kids with Indian names" and he will vote for Newsom because he has a "white wife". Also he a big fan of Stalin and is "team Hitler". Dude, either you purposely never bothered to listen to that fag or you are just playing stupid. Which for groypers it can eaisly be both. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 hours ago i mean if everyone else knows these things i guess im not in that echo chamber you are saying normies have been told all these things? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago the pearl clutching is getting nauseating permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr -1 points 8 hours ago what did he say? lol permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 hours ago repulsive?  they have never heard anything he has said, just like charlie kirk, trump, alex jones, etc permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 5 hours ago Yeah like the part of saying the VP is a fat idiot that married a "jeet" and has "brown kids with Indian names" and he will vote for Newsom because he has a "white wife". Also he a big fan of Stalin and is "team Hitler". Dude, either you purposely never bothered to listen to that fag or you are just playing stupid. Which for groypers it can eaisly be both. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 hours ago i mean if everyone else knows these things i guess im not in that echo chamber you are saying normies have been told all these things? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago the pearl clutching is getting nauseating permalink parent award report block reply
VanDeKoik 2 points 5 hours ago Yeah like the part of saying the VP is a fat idiot that married a "jeet" and has "brown kids with Indian names" and he will vote for Newsom because he has a "white wife". Also he a big fan of Stalin and is "team Hitler". Dude, either you purposely never bothered to listen to that fag or you are just playing stupid. Which for groypers it can eaisly be both. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 hours ago i mean if everyone else knows these things i guess im not in that echo chamber you are saying normies have been told all these things? permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 0 points 5 hours ago i mean if everyone else knows these things i guess im not in that echo chamber you are saying normies have been told all these things? permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago the pearl clutching is getting nauseating permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr -1 points 8 hours ago what did he say? lol permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak OP 0 points 10 hours ago What about this is an unjust attack? permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak OP -1 points 11 hours ago So you're pro homo pedophile? permalink parent award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 10 hours ago Sean Hannity: Israel is so gay that we have to support them! permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago how does your whacky fizzed out brain come to that conclusion? permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 1 points 7 hours ago He's being promoted by globohomo and enables child rape. The NYT is one of the outlets that promotes the globohomo marching orders, which is why they promoted Fuentes recently. You coming to his defense shows me what you are up to. Showing kids porn and molesting them is what the globohomo LGBTQ agenda does, but also what Fuentes does. If it quacks like a duck... permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago new york times promotes nick? and he enables child rape? you base that on what? this clip of him saying that's disgusting and that he warned everyone about ali? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago you being retarded shows me how retarded you are permalink parent award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 10 hours ago Sean Hannity: Israel is so gay that we have to support them! permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 0 points 8 hours ago how does your whacky fizzed out brain come to that conclusion? permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 1 points 7 hours ago He's being promoted by globohomo and enables child rape. The NYT is one of the outlets that promotes the globohomo marching orders, which is why they promoted Fuentes recently. You coming to his defense shows me what you are up to. Showing kids porn and molesting them is what the globohomo LGBTQ agenda does, but also what Fuentes does. If it quacks like a duck... permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago new york times promotes nick? and he enables child rape? you base that on what? this clip of him saying that's disgusting and that he warned everyone about ali? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago you being retarded shows me how retarded you are permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak OP 1 points 7 hours ago He's being promoted by globohomo and enables child rape. The NYT is one of the outlets that promotes the globohomo marching orders, which is why they promoted Fuentes recently. You coming to his defense shows me what you are up to. Showing kids porn and molesting them is what the globohomo LGBTQ agenda does, but also what Fuentes does. If it quacks like a duck... permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago new york times promotes nick? and he enables child rape? you base that on what? this clip of him saying that's disgusting and that he warned everyone about ali? permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago you being retarded shows me how retarded you are permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago new york times promotes nick? and he enables child rape? you base that on what? this clip of him saying that's disgusting and that he warned everyone about ali? permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 0 points 1 hour ago you being retarded shows me how retarded you are permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 5 points 11 hours ago OP is a foreign agent bent on dividing MAGA.  Israel first shill. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ permalink award report block reply TrancePhreak OP -1 points 11 hours ago yawn The coordinated pushing of Fuentes and others who have repeatedly been anti-MAGA or anti-Trump is what that article is about. https://xcancel.com/NickJFuentes/status/1831499635149697352?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 0 points 5 hours ago And yet you don't deny it... telling. permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak OP -1 points 11 hours ago yawn The coordinated pushing of Fuentes and others who have repeatedly been anti-MAGA or anti-Trump is what that article is about. https://xcancel.com/NickJFuentes/status/1831499635149697352?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 0 points 5 hours ago And yet you don't deny it... telling. permalink parent award report block reply
AccelerateAlready 0 points 5 hours ago And yet you don't deny it... telling. permalink parent award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 1 points 12 hours ago And yet, they walk free... permalink award report block reply TrancePhreak OP 1 points 11 hours ago Chicago protects it's child molesters, just ask Obama. permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak OP 1 points 11 hours ago Chicago protects it's child molesters, just ask Obama. permalink parent award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 1 points 10 hours ago This Nathan Livingstone character is an Australian Jew, and has been spouting lies in every post I see. This is the guy that watermarked and posted a clip from Candace's book club (got copyright striked and cried like a bitch.) Nick also said Hitler was awesome.  Jokes, you retard. permalink award report block reply
TrancePhreak OP 0 points 12 hours ago Alt Link: https://xcancel.com/TheMilkBarTV/status/1988148541299233184?s=20 permalink award report block reply
JiggsawCalrissian 0 points 11 hours ago Okay so arrest Ali Alexander and if it can be proven Fuentes was involved charge him This feels very "lefties on epstein" R:  its about justice for the victims L: its about getting Trump. Whats this about victims? permalink award report block reply