273 🤔 posted 1 day ago by StrongIsland 41 comments award share download report block
41 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save patrioticwinning3 21 points 1 day ago And stop having 600k chicoms students take degrees away from Americans, and stop outsourcing, and all the H1Bs and the like and DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS! permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 12 points 1 day ago The illegal immigration ruined everything from the economy to housing, healthcare costs, eberything.  It was too much to sustain all at once.  Can we deport them faster then they came in.  It shouldn't be too hard.  That's the only way to fix the economy. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 9 points 1 day ago His tariff payout idea was to get people on board with tariffs. Tariffs aren't to raise money; they're to bully companies into coming back to the US... so to Trump, that money is irrelevant. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP -8 points 1 day ago He’s a schizophrenic bipolar with his tariff policy. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania -5 points 1 day ago He's a coward, at most. Democrats were right with their retarded TACO meme. He was always just too afraid to actually pull the trigger. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago Maybe?! I was for the tariffs, but wax on wax off, punish and reward shows zero confidence and leaves businesses scrambling. The economy still sucks for Main Street, job market is shit, stocks are rigged. Nothing is golden but the trim in the Whitehouse permalink parent award report block reply loosemoose 7 points 1 day ago Donald Trump appears to going back on his promises.  I hope not. permalink award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 19 hours ago He made the $2000 promise back in 2021. permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 4 points 1 day ago Distributing tariff money isn't printing money. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP -3 points 1 day ago You pay interest and tax on money that is printed out of thin air, you are too dumb to talk to me if you don’t understand where we are at in this game. BTW, you aren’t getting shit! permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 4 points 1 day ago Tell me how money collected from other countries via tariffs is printed out of thin air. permalink parent award report block reply JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago It's just shifting around money that is instead going to be printed because of the deficit. That same tariff revenue not going towards debt will mean more debt and more printing. Cash is fungible. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago All of it. Who pays the tariff? permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 0 points 19 hours ago Receivers pay it. That is, if Walmart wants a pallet of chinese shit, Walmart pays the tariff. Walmart doesn't print money, they spend their own money. Walmart can't raise prices too much or they will lose buyers, leaving them with more supply than demand, which shifts the equilibrium price back downward. This is possible because in America, the consumer is not obligated to buy Walmart's chinese shit. Therefore Walmart buys less chinese shit. At no time is money printed out of thin air. Walmart just gives some of its profit back to the US Government as a penalty for buying shit from a country that treats us bad economically. Q.E.D. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago I’m sure he’ll deposit some yen in your bank account tomorrow permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 3 points 1 day ago Nice dodge of a direct question. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... loooooof 4 points 1 day ago A legitimate point. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 1 day ago the common sense position! permalink parent award report block reply Greenhills 3 points 1 day ago Don’t worry, none of us will ever see one penny of that $2k stimulus check. If you do, they’ll tax it as income. permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago See?! Tariffs are taxes! permalink parent award report block reply JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago Instructions unclear, shoving more goyslop down your throat. But hey, he posted an AI image owning the libs! permalink award report block reply MatterThatMetals 2 points 1 day ago I fail to see how a 50year mortgage is going to be beneficial for anyone but the younger generations. Which is cool, they need the extra time to pay the place off i suppose. But I see older folks being denied loans because of it. I guess they'll be variable? permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 2 points 1 day ago I didn’t even factor that in…. Age would be an issue for the underwriters for sure. I had to jump thru hoops to get a mortgage, over 15 years ago, with a decent down payment, and 2 long time career salaries in years of tax returns. I still had to pay PMI for 10 years, we only had $30k to put down, we needed $60 to forgo the insurance. Are they expecting insurance on 50 year loans too? Probably! permalink parent award report block reply MatterThatMetals 2 points 1 day ago Ding ding ding. We had a similar experience about 8years ago. permalink parent award report block reply king_cocoon 2 points 1 day ago Lots of cucks in here today. permalink award report block reply Shmioighan 2 points 1 day ago Passed the point of no return a long while back. The house of cards will either grow or collapse. Such is the nature of perpetual debt, ponzi schemes and economies built on speculation and rampant spending. The only real advantage America has economically is being the world reserve currency, our military and technology (and a big chunk of that is looking like yet another once-in-a-lifetime bubbles.) Apart from that, pretty much broke today, broke tomorrow and trying to find a way to grow faster than the debt does while still borrowing more. permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago We aren't the global reserve currency anymore, neither do we defend it anymore which is why that's disappearing. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 1 day ago Another person who thinks they’re smarter than Trump! yay Can’t get enough of dumb progressive chicks who want to school GEOTUS, doesn’t know squat about the federal reserve or the boundaries of the presidency. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 day ago You are retarded, and no one is getting anything! permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 1 points 1 day ago If he wants to win the midterms he should just promise those dumb fucks to wipe out student debt with it permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 1 day ago Mods you need to be more proactive with getting rid of these obvious faggots. It's totally ok to just ban retards. I'll allow it. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 1 day ago apparently the country is going to go bankrupt we are just re-arranging chairs on the titanic too bad ron paul wasnt elected president permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 day ago Link: https://x.com/KellyLMcCarty/status/1988010209554383336?s=20 permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 21 points 1 day ago And stop having 600k chicoms students take degrees away from Americans, and stop outsourcing, and all the H1Bs and the like and DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS! permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 12 points 1 day ago The illegal immigration ruined everything from the economy to housing, healthcare costs, eberything.  It was too much to sustain all at once.  Can we deport them faster then they came in.  It shouldn't be too hard.  That's the only way to fix the economy. permalink award report block reply
Goozmania 9 points 1 day ago His tariff payout idea was to get people on board with tariffs. Tariffs aren't to raise money; they're to bully companies into coming back to the US... so to Trump, that money is irrelevant. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP -8 points 1 day ago He’s a schizophrenic bipolar with his tariff policy. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania -5 points 1 day ago He's a coward, at most. Democrats were right with their retarded TACO meme. He was always just too afraid to actually pull the trigger. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago Maybe?! I was for the tariffs, but wax on wax off, punish and reward shows zero confidence and leaves businesses scrambling. The economy still sucks for Main Street, job market is shit, stocks are rigged. Nothing is golden but the trim in the Whitehouse permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland OP -8 points 1 day ago He’s a schizophrenic bipolar with his tariff policy. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania -5 points 1 day ago He's a coward, at most. Democrats were right with their retarded TACO meme. He was always just too afraid to actually pull the trigger. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago Maybe?! I was for the tariffs, but wax on wax off, punish and reward shows zero confidence and leaves businesses scrambling. The economy still sucks for Main Street, job market is shit, stocks are rigged. Nothing is golden but the trim in the Whitehouse permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania -5 points 1 day ago He's a coward, at most. Democrats were right with their retarded TACO meme. He was always just too afraid to actually pull the trigger. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago Maybe?! I was for the tariffs, but wax on wax off, punish and reward shows zero confidence and leaves businesses scrambling. The economy still sucks for Main Street, job market is shit, stocks are rigged. Nothing is golden but the trim in the Whitehouse permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago Maybe?! I was for the tariffs, but wax on wax off, punish and reward shows zero confidence and leaves businesses scrambling. The economy still sucks for Main Street, job market is shit, stocks are rigged. Nothing is golden but the trim in the Whitehouse permalink parent award report block reply
loosemoose 7 points 1 day ago Donald Trump appears to going back on his promises.  I hope not. permalink award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 19 hours ago He made the $2000 promise back in 2021. permalink parent award report block reply
UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 19 hours ago He made the $2000 promise back in 2021. permalink parent award report block reply
FORMERCHILDSTAR 4 points 1 day ago Distributing tariff money isn't printing money. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP -3 points 1 day ago You pay interest and tax on money that is printed out of thin air, you are too dumb to talk to me if you don’t understand where we are at in this game. BTW, you aren’t getting shit! permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 4 points 1 day ago Tell me how money collected from other countries via tariffs is printed out of thin air. permalink parent award report block reply JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago It's just shifting around money that is instead going to be printed because of the deficit. That same tariff revenue not going towards debt will mean more debt and more printing. Cash is fungible. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago All of it. Who pays the tariff? permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 0 points 19 hours ago Receivers pay it. That is, if Walmart wants a pallet of chinese shit, Walmart pays the tariff. Walmart doesn't print money, they spend their own money. Walmart can't raise prices too much or they will lose buyers, leaving them with more supply than demand, which shifts the equilibrium price back downward. This is possible because in America, the consumer is not obligated to buy Walmart's chinese shit. Therefore Walmart buys less chinese shit. At no time is money printed out of thin air. Walmart just gives some of its profit back to the US Government as a penalty for buying shit from a country that treats us bad economically. Q.E.D. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago I’m sure he’ll deposit some yen in your bank account tomorrow permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 3 points 1 day ago Nice dodge of a direct question. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
StrongIsland OP -3 points 1 day ago You pay interest and tax on money that is printed out of thin air, you are too dumb to talk to me if you don’t understand where we are at in this game. BTW, you aren’t getting shit! permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 4 points 1 day ago Tell me how money collected from other countries via tariffs is printed out of thin air. permalink parent award report block reply JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago It's just shifting around money that is instead going to be printed because of the deficit. That same tariff revenue not going towards debt will mean more debt and more printing. Cash is fungible. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago All of it. Who pays the tariff? permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 0 points 19 hours ago Receivers pay it. That is, if Walmart wants a pallet of chinese shit, Walmart pays the tariff. Walmart doesn't print money, they spend their own money. Walmart can't raise prices too much or they will lose buyers, leaving them with more supply than demand, which shifts the equilibrium price back downward. This is possible because in America, the consumer is not obligated to buy Walmart's chinese shit. Therefore Walmart buys less chinese shit. At no time is money printed out of thin air. Walmart just gives some of its profit back to the US Government as a penalty for buying shit from a country that treats us bad economically. Q.E.D. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago I’m sure he’ll deposit some yen in your bank account tomorrow permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 3 points 1 day ago Nice dodge of a direct question. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
FORMERCHILDSTAR 4 points 1 day ago Tell me how money collected from other countries via tariffs is printed out of thin air. permalink parent award report block reply JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago It's just shifting around money that is instead going to be printed because of the deficit. That same tariff revenue not going towards debt will mean more debt and more printing. Cash is fungible. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago All of it. Who pays the tariff? permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 0 points 19 hours ago Receivers pay it. That is, if Walmart wants a pallet of chinese shit, Walmart pays the tariff. Walmart doesn't print money, they spend their own money. Walmart can't raise prices too much or they will lose buyers, leaving them with more supply than demand, which shifts the equilibrium price back downward. This is possible because in America, the consumer is not obligated to buy Walmart's chinese shit. Therefore Walmart buys less chinese shit. At no time is money printed out of thin air. Walmart just gives some of its profit back to the US Government as a penalty for buying shit from a country that treats us bad economically. Q.E.D. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago I’m sure he’ll deposit some yen in your bank account tomorrow permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 3 points 1 day ago Nice dodge of a direct question. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago It's just shifting around money that is instead going to be printed because of the deficit. That same tariff revenue not going towards debt will mean more debt and more printing. Cash is fungible. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago All of it. Who pays the tariff? permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 0 points 19 hours ago Receivers pay it. That is, if Walmart wants a pallet of chinese shit, Walmart pays the tariff. Walmart doesn't print money, they spend their own money. Walmart can't raise prices too much or they will lose buyers, leaving them with more supply than demand, which shifts the equilibrium price back downward. This is possible because in America, the consumer is not obligated to buy Walmart's chinese shit. Therefore Walmart buys less chinese shit. At no time is money printed out of thin air. Walmart just gives some of its profit back to the US Government as a penalty for buying shit from a country that treats us bad economically. Q.E.D. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
UsedOnlyThrice 0 points 19 hours ago Receivers pay it. That is, if Walmart wants a pallet of chinese shit, Walmart pays the tariff. Walmart doesn't print money, they spend their own money. Walmart can't raise prices too much or they will lose buyers, leaving them with more supply than demand, which shifts the equilibrium price back downward. This is possible because in America, the consumer is not obligated to buy Walmart's chinese shit. Therefore Walmart buys less chinese shit. At no time is money printed out of thin air. Walmart just gives some of its profit back to the US Government as a penalty for buying shit from a country that treats us bad economically. Q.E.D. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
StrongIsland OP -5 points 1 day ago I’m sure he’ll deposit some yen in your bank account tomorrow permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 3 points 1 day ago Nice dodge of a direct question. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
FORMERCHILDSTAR 3 points 1 day ago Nice dodge of a direct question. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
loooooof 4 points 1 day ago A legitimate point. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 1 day ago the common sense position! permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 1 day ago the common sense position! permalink parent award report block reply
Greenhills 3 points 1 day ago Don’t worry, none of us will ever see one penny of that $2k stimulus check. If you do, they’ll tax it as income. permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago See?! Tariffs are taxes! permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago See?! Tariffs are taxes! permalink parent award report block reply
JoyousMischief 2 points 1 day ago Instructions unclear, shoving more goyslop down your throat. But hey, he posted an AI image owning the libs! permalink award report block reply
MatterThatMetals 2 points 1 day ago I fail to see how a 50year mortgage is going to be beneficial for anyone but the younger generations. Which is cool, they need the extra time to pay the place off i suppose. But I see older folks being denied loans because of it. I guess they'll be variable? permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 2 points 1 day ago I didn’t even factor that in…. Age would be an issue for the underwriters for sure. I had to jump thru hoops to get a mortgage, over 15 years ago, with a decent down payment, and 2 long time career salaries in years of tax returns. I still had to pay PMI for 10 years, we only had $30k to put down, we needed $60 to forgo the insurance. Are they expecting insurance on 50 year loans too? Probably! permalink parent award report block reply MatterThatMetals 2 points 1 day ago Ding ding ding. We had a similar experience about 8years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland OP 2 points 1 day ago I didn’t even factor that in…. Age would be an issue for the underwriters for sure. I had to jump thru hoops to get a mortgage, over 15 years ago, with a decent down payment, and 2 long time career salaries in years of tax returns. I still had to pay PMI for 10 years, we only had $30k to put down, we needed $60 to forgo the insurance. Are they expecting insurance on 50 year loans too? Probably! permalink parent award report block reply MatterThatMetals 2 points 1 day ago Ding ding ding. We had a similar experience about 8years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
MatterThatMetals 2 points 1 day ago Ding ding ding. We had a similar experience about 8years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
king_cocoon 2 points 1 day ago Lots of cucks in here today. permalink award report block reply
Shmioighan 2 points 1 day ago Passed the point of no return a long while back. The house of cards will either grow or collapse. Such is the nature of perpetual debt, ponzi schemes and economies built on speculation and rampant spending. The only real advantage America has economically is being the world reserve currency, our military and technology (and a big chunk of that is looking like yet another once-in-a-lifetime bubbles.) Apart from that, pretty much broke today, broke tomorrow and trying to find a way to grow faster than the debt does while still borrowing more. permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago We aren't the global reserve currency anymore, neither do we defend it anymore which is why that's disappearing. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago We aren't the global reserve currency anymore, neither do we defend it anymore which is why that's disappearing. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 1 points 1 day ago Another person who thinks they’re smarter than Trump! yay Can’t get enough of dumb progressive chicks who want to school GEOTUS, doesn’t know squat about the federal reserve or the boundaries of the presidency. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 day ago You are retarded, and no one is getting anything! permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 day ago You are retarded, and no one is getting anything! permalink parent award report block reply
snakeoil 1 points 1 day ago If he wants to win the midterms he should just promise those dumb fucks to wipe out student debt with it permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 1 day ago Mods you need to be more proactive with getting rid of these obvious faggots. It's totally ok to just ban retards. I'll allow it. permalink award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 1 day ago apparently the country is going to go bankrupt we are just re-arranging chairs on the titanic too bad ron paul wasnt elected president permalink award report block reply
StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 day ago Link: https://x.com/KellyLMcCarty/status/1988010209554383336?s=20 permalink award report block reply