90 The best engineers in India built a bridge with a 90 degree turn 🔥🗑️ ️ GARBAGE PEOPLE  🗑️🔥 posted 13 hours ago by -Evspra 19 comments award share report block Lucky Teter @TheMagaHulk • 1d The best engineers in India built a bridge with a 90 degree turn Dinesh D'Souza @DineshDSouza • 1d Many people: Our education system sucks! It’s all indoctrination, no real learning. Standards have plummeted. The same people: Is Trump seriously saying our graduates are not the best in the world and can do any job you can think of? Let’s at least get our stories straight.
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Whoopies_tds 14 points 13 hours ago Our K-12 education does suck H1B's with average or below average skills do not belong here permalink award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 12 hours ago An accurate take! permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 9 points 13 hours ago Is “improving American education” not an option? Why is the solution always more replacement immigration? permalink award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 3 points 12 hours ago education take a long time... what until then? permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 12 hours ago The prices to hire the sorts of jobs Americans apparently can’t do will go up. High salaries in certain jobs are a market signal for people to start learning those jobs. Without that signal no one has any incentive to learn those jobs and education institutions have no incentive to enhance their training programs. permalink parent award report block reply AgnesDomini 7 points 13 hours ago The indoctrination takes place in the humanities and social sciences. STEM majors focus on the math and science involved in their majors. permalink award report block reply fskfsk 8 points 13 hours ago In the past decades, STEM professor hires had to start giving "diversity statements".  And "I try to treat all people fairly." is considered to be a failing statement. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 4 points 12 hours ago you're joking right? You have to be joking... look up STEM students on  YT... some of the most commie faggots out there. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 6 points 12 hours ago Dinesh D'Souza sucks permalink award report block reply MudDog 5 points 12 hours ago best engineers in tacoma did that too permalink award report block reply mykillk 4 points 12 hours ago That corkscrew turn is even worse permalink award report block reply TheWoodsman 2 points 12 hours ago That’s a footbridge under construction permalink award report block reply magnokor 2 points 12 hours ago Bhopal? Would not visit there. Officials have suspended seven engineers, including two chief engineers, over the ‘faulty design’ of the railway over-bridge and blacklisted two companies in Bhopal, India The disastrous project was meant to see the bridge going over a railway line in Bhopal, India, but in order to do so the planners decided a 90 degree turn was in order. The Madhya Pradesh government has suspended seven engineers, including two chief engineers, over the ‘faulty design’ of the railway over-bridge. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriot 2 points 9 hours ago hard to believe this was real, but here we are. having worked in major projects - my guess is the constructor questioned the drawings issued, was denied a review. multiple contractural disputes later the constructor said 'to hell with this, we will build as per the drawings issued'. all this time, the project management company took fees and provided intellectual arguments to justify their decision. "The Expert " https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKorP55Aqvg https://www.vice.com/en/article/7-engineers-suspended-after-2-3-million-bridge-includes-bizarre-90-degree-turn/ https://www.youtube.com/shorts/axYSV6qWGvc permalink award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 2 points 12 hours ago There should be a recruiting station at the poop festival.  I heard they were tossing Dinesh around at the last one.   What a turd. permalink award report block reply user2827 2 points 11 hours ago You don't get it, any engineer can make a bridge that has curves and gentle slopes such that you wouldn't even think you were crossing a bridge.  It takes next level skill to build 2 perpendicular bridges and connect them where they cross, the next stage of the project is to build the other 2 bridges and have a proper intersection. permalink award report block reply coffee_grdr 1 points 12 hours ago were they more concerned about slowing the flow of traffic when they built that? in a city of millions, that seems like a crazy idea, but yeah... its india! permalink award report block reply Pence_Brigade 1 points 12 hours ago Ya so what I remember when I first heard this story was the reason why they built it like this was because they were indian. permalink award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 14 points 13 hours ago Our K-12 education does suck H1B's with average or below average skills do not belong here permalink award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 12 hours ago An accurate take! permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 12 hours ago An accurate take! permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 9 points 13 hours ago Is “improving American education” not an option? Why is the solution always more replacement immigration? permalink award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 3 points 12 hours ago education take a long time... what until then? permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 12 hours ago The prices to hire the sorts of jobs Americans apparently can’t do will go up. High salaries in certain jobs are a market signal for people to start learning those jobs. Without that signal no one has any incentive to learn those jobs and education institutions have no incentive to enhance their training programs. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 3 points 12 hours ago education take a long time... what until then? permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 12 hours ago The prices to hire the sorts of jobs Americans apparently can’t do will go up. High salaries in certain jobs are a market signal for people to start learning those jobs. Without that signal no one has any incentive to learn those jobs and education institutions have no incentive to enhance their training programs. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 6 points 12 hours ago The prices to hire the sorts of jobs Americans apparently can’t do will go up. High salaries in certain jobs are a market signal for people to start learning those jobs. Without that signal no one has any incentive to learn those jobs and education institutions have no incentive to enhance their training programs. permalink parent award report block reply
AgnesDomini 7 points 13 hours ago The indoctrination takes place in the humanities and social sciences. STEM majors focus on the math and science involved in their majors. permalink award report block reply fskfsk 8 points 13 hours ago In the past decades, STEM professor hires had to start giving "diversity statements".  And "I try to treat all people fairly." is considered to be a failing statement. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 4 points 12 hours ago you're joking right? You have to be joking... look up STEM students on  YT... some of the most commie faggots out there. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 8 points 13 hours ago In the past decades, STEM professor hires had to start giving "diversity statements".  And "I try to treat all people fairly." is considered to be a failing statement. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 4 points 12 hours ago you're joking right? You have to be joking... look up STEM students on  YT... some of the most commie faggots out there. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 6 points 12 hours ago Dinesh D'Souza sucks permalink award report block reply
MudDog 5 points 12 hours ago best engineers in tacoma did that too permalink award report block reply
mykillk 4 points 12 hours ago That corkscrew turn is even worse permalink award report block reply
TheWoodsman 2 points 12 hours ago That’s a footbridge under construction permalink award report block reply
magnokor 2 points 12 hours ago Bhopal? Would not visit there. Officials have suspended seven engineers, including two chief engineers, over the ‘faulty design’ of the railway over-bridge and blacklisted two companies in Bhopal, India The disastrous project was meant to see the bridge going over a railway line in Bhopal, India, but in order to do so the planners decided a 90 degree turn was in order. The Madhya Pradesh government has suspended seven engineers, including two chief engineers, over the ‘faulty design’ of the railway over-bridge. permalink award report block reply
PiratePatriot 2 points 9 hours ago hard to believe this was real, but here we are. having worked in major projects - my guess is the constructor questioned the drawings issued, was denied a review. multiple contractural disputes later the constructor said 'to hell with this, we will build as per the drawings issued'. all this time, the project management company took fees and provided intellectual arguments to justify their decision. "The Expert " https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKorP55Aqvg https://www.vice.com/en/article/7-engineers-suspended-after-2-3-million-bridge-includes-bizarre-90-degree-turn/ https://www.youtube.com/shorts/axYSV6qWGvc permalink award report block reply
FerkenBlerkin 2 points 12 hours ago There should be a recruiting station at the poop festival.  I heard they were tossing Dinesh around at the last one.   What a turd. permalink award report block reply
user2827 2 points 11 hours ago You don't get it, any engineer can make a bridge that has curves and gentle slopes such that you wouldn't even think you were crossing a bridge.  It takes next level skill to build 2 perpendicular bridges and connect them where they cross, the next stage of the project is to build the other 2 bridges and have a proper intersection. permalink award report block reply
coffee_grdr 1 points 12 hours ago were they more concerned about slowing the flow of traffic when they built that? in a city of millions, that seems like a crazy idea, but yeah... its india! permalink award report block reply
Pence_Brigade 1 points 12 hours ago Ya so what I remember when I first heard this story was the reason why they built it like this was because they were indian. permalink award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply