684 Zohran Mamdani says he’ll reach out to Trump before taking office: ‘This is a relationship that will be critical’ (nypost.com) posted 12 hours ago by MEME-SUPREME 109 comments award share report block Zohran Mamdani says he’ll reach out to Trump before taking office: ‘This is a relationship that will be critical’ Mamdani, 34, didn’t specify when he would contact the administration, but said he would be “proactive” as he tries to thwart Trump’s hard-line immigration and crime policies… nypost.com
109 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Grows Back in A Few Days! At Any Stage of Baldness HaloGrow Hambonemcgee 92 points 12 hours ago I think they should have a private meeting and then they apprehend and deport Mamdani.  It would be stunning and would definitely get his base fired up. permalink award report block reply Parhelion12 21 points 8 hours ago Trump is cooked. He is H1B and Israel first. permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 8 points 10 hours ago But only after a complete cavity search. Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 -1 points 10 hours ago Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches You can flash freeze a pork sausage, secure it to a 3D printed jockstrap, and have it sodomize mudslime mayor via an Optimus robot. Modern problems require modern torture methods. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 11 points 10 hours ago What a terrible day to know how to read permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 2 points 5 hours ago He had his chance when that pos was outside of the country multiple times. Now Trump needs the mudslime to divert attention away from his own failures. “See at least I’m not like that guy”! permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 7 hours ago yep he'll reach out to Trump to let him know they will be needing the WHOLE countries money to be able to do what he wants to do. I say cut him OFF at the knees permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 5 hours ago Soros and jews put Mamdummy in office. Trump will suck his dick like a jihadi if Bibi tells him too. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 38 points 11 hours ago It would only to raise his profile and create an aura of legitimacy. I wouldn't mind GEOTUS crushing this pretentious faggot though. permalink award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 3 points 8 hours ago Crush him like Lindsey Graham. We all saw what happened to "him" permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 1 points 6 hours ago Only thing that happened to Lindsay was another Trump endorsement and fundraiser lol If that's getting "crushed" then we're in for a bad time permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS -1 points 6 hours ago okay libtard permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 0 points 6 hours ago lol look it up faggot, not even a full month ago But whatever helps you cope, I guess. Trump is Lindsay's biggest fan. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MastaJoda 2 points 5 hours ago Trump just legitimized and sucked the dick of the al Qaeda terrorist leader of Syria in the WH 2 days ago. He''ll suck Mamdummy off just as fast if Bibi tells him too. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 31 points 11 hours ago That Communist Mamdani can eat a bag of Dicks. permalink award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 5 points 11 hours ago Why are you trying to give him a good time? permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 8 hours ago Bunch of faggots around here. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 11 hours ago oh he is permalink parent award report block reply JuicyfearsMAGA 1 points 10 hours ago With his feet permalink parent award report block reply PosterIsDead 25 points 11 hours ago His religion compels him to lie. permalink award report block reply Antemalagon 18 points 11 hours ago Drop his muslim ass off in the atlantic. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 15 points 11 hours ago Will they discuss more foreign students, foreign workers, or 200 year mortgages for NYC? permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 11 points 11 hours ago Trump has more Muslim friends than Mamdani has and they have a bit more influence in the world. permalink award report block reply BBvarn 9 points 11 hours ago Fuck mandani, no money for New York. permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 9 hours ago Zero fedbux for NYC. Tell the governor if she fucks around the whole state gets cut off. Let's see how well socialism works without other people's money to spend. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago 2000$ tariff cheque inbound! permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 7 hours ago What country are you in? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 hours ago Canada - land of teh geesesteppin' canucks. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... rebuildingMyself 4 points 10 hours ago Not even the governor will support his bullshit. Funny how she chose not to mention that before and actually endorsed him when he was spreading his commie promises permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago Give scraps that way it's rhetorically impossible for the socialists to persuade normies that "Trump denied funding". Like literally anything more than a retarded level "yes/no" e.g. "Trump lowered funding relative to historically normal amounts" will go completely over most people's heads. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 9 points 11 hours ago They both want invaders here. One wants an army muzzies the other wants an army of chinese. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 8 points 11 hours ago And Indians. Trump loves his Indians now too. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 4 points 11 hours ago True. Street shitters are really integral in America First. permalink parent award report block reply Truthisunpopular 1 points 10 hours ago They both want anyone but actual Americans to succeed, that's 100% certain. permalink parent award report block reply Bullwinkle 9 points 11 hours ago Didn’t this little boy use his speech to attack Trump? FAFO permalink award report block reply AbsurdOpinion 8 points 10 hours ago Trump loves NYC but they've treated him horribly.  I think he should just take a hands off approach, let it simmer awhile under socialist control so they can learn what that means. And Trump's advisors should make it 100% clear that Mamdani, being a muslim, will lie like crazy to Trump.  He will do everything he can to manipulate him.  Muslims, by their own "faith", cannot be trusted. permalink award report block reply TruthWillOut 7 points 11 hours ago Globalist communist gonna communist. permalink award report block reply here2red 6 points 11 hours ago What happened to the Fight Trump schtick? Done already? LOL. Loser NYC base. permalink award report block reply Herpawinski 6 points 10 hours ago Do NOT legitimize the little twat. Ignore all calls. If he obstructs ICE then arrest him. permalink award report block reply SnowSnake 5 points 11 hours ago Yeah, relationship. Zohran, meet the pilot of Marine One. We're going for a short ride a few miles out over the Atlantic. Free swimming lessons. permalink award report block reply donteatthat 0 points 11 hours ago Easy with the fanfic permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 3 points 11 hours ago It's only fiction until it isn't. Dear God, please let the collapse happen while I'm still capable of great violence, amen. permalink parent award report block reply JoeCubicle 4 points 11 hours ago I thought he was all about defeating all things Trump. permalink award report block reply RiolindasReturn 7 points 11 hours ago More like manipulation, deceit and destruction… but yeah, all things Trump is part of that. permalink parent award report block reply Hammond 3 points 11 hours ago Mamdani just got his marching orders at that muslim meeting in Puerto Rico. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago He is, that's why he's saying this. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago About as much as Trump was about holding the deepstate to account and addressing the Epstien files. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 4 points 10 hours ago Yeah because he will need the federal government to fund his communist wet dream. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 4 points 11 hours ago He better kiss Trump's ass because he will be needing a federal bailout in record time if he gets half his way permalink award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 3 points 11 hours ago If Trump bails out a Muslim giving free shit to other Muslims with my money, I'll never vote for his endorsements again. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 hours ago No way that would happen when even the governor of the state is saying it's dead on arrival permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Have you seen Trump's recent remark about H1B on Megyn Kelly show ? permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 0 points 10 hours ago Of course I have. I also saw the 600k Chinese spies and the 50 year mortgages and his endorsement of Graham and salamiwhammy. permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Then there isnt much to add. Trump is getting way out of touch with the base.. I hope there is still enough time to steer the ship around. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 10 hours ago he will be needing a federal bailout in record time if he gets half his way Mamdani's housing plan literally requires a forced bailout. permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 4 points 10 hours ago Yesterday Mamdummy was vowing to fight Trump.  This hipster flip flops on absolutely everything. New Yorkers are effin stupid. permalink award report block reply Lordfred1993 4 points 11 hours ago It means he needs money permalink award report block reply MJK1 4 points 10 hours ago He should never ever be allowed in the White House. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 6 hours ago Is that before, or after, he's de-naturalized due to lying on his application, and deported? permalink award report block reply jermzdeejd 3 points 10 hours ago What he is saying: No way Trump is going to give me money for all the crazy shit I want to do. I will blame him for my plans failing. I will blame Trump for everything while I make Anerican New Yorkers suffer. permalink award report block reply Serude 3 points 10 hours ago Trump better not give that fucker a penny. Tired of the responsible parts of the country funding these shitbags. permalink award report block reply geekesmind 3 points 11 hours ago TRUMP tell this Muslim commie to FUCK OFF permalink award report block reply GhostOfMyFormerSelf 3 points 10 hours ago Hopefully the call goes to voicemail. "Hello, This is Donald Trump, please leave a Yuge message at the tone - unless you are that faggot Zelenski or Mamdani. The two of you can blow me!" permalink award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 3 points 10 hours ago All this is..is Mamdani trying to get comfy with Trump and try and "humanize" himself so Trump doesn't remove Mamdani's citizenship and deport his ass for being a fucking communist..because he should be deported. It's hard to deport someone after you've met them..talked to them like they're actually civilized, etc. Trump should deny any contact with Mamdani and have his DOJ and ICE deport the Mamdani communist before it's too late. permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 1 points 9 hours ago Tony Montana was right! permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 3 points 11 hours ago let him in the kitchen entrance of the Whitehouse like Obama did for the Dali Lama and then tell him Trumps schedule was canceled permalink award report block reply hey_spike 3 points 6 hours ago Get in line behind the the mayors of Miami, Palm Beach,  Boca Raton, ... permalink award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 2 points 8 hours ago So he's going to meet Trump personally to get his deportation papers and plane ticket back to Uganda or will Trump just delegate it up to Noem to do? permalink award report block reply GTHAYS 2 points 6 hours ago Time for President TRUMP to drag out the "Eat a bag of dicks" meme again. permalink award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 11 hours ago Take the call just to hang up on him. Call him back and apologize. Then hang up on him again. Keep doing this for the next hour. permalink award report block reply geekesmind 1 points 11 hours ago Shit have bad line permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 11 hours ago No civility with communists permalink award report block reply JamesBond007 2 points 5 hours ago Tell him to bring his shoe shine box like Schumer. Bend the knee and give a mirror buff permalink award report block reply MarshallB 2 points 10 hours ago i thought you were limited to one call when you are in jail? permalink award report block reply BitterRoots 2 points 5 hours ago Trump probably will invite Mandami to the WH and hand him a gift of cologne permalink award report block reply givethismanacoat 2 points 11 hours ago I bet he treats him like Zelensky... permalink award report block reply R3tro 2 points 10 hours ago LOL, when even the dike Hotchal is cutting you off… you know the libs gonna let you fail ( except the Muslims ) permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 2 points 11 hours ago Itd be fucking hilarious if Mamdani was really just a MAGA plant.  0% of it happening, but damn would it be funny. permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 2 points 8 hours ago Madmani can call Trump and get chewed out hard.  That would be a thing to hear. Edit: or hear, "You're Deported!" permalink award report block reply Fren20 2 points 8 hours ago Do not meet this cocksucker,he's only using you.he knocked you now you give him a meeting no way! permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 2 points 10 hours ago I wouldn't take the call. How many other  mayors think they can just call the president up? permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 2 points 11 hours ago It should be made public by Trump et Al.... Fuck Zohran, there is no relationship between us and them. permalink award report block reply VladtheTickler 2 points 5 hours ago He needs other peoples' money and Hochul already turned him down. permalink award report block reply SheevP 1 points 7 hours ago If Trump takes his call and offers any help it will be a huge downer. Let NYC crumble under the Communist. permalink award report block reply elitist_j3rk 1 points 8 hours ago Plot twist: Mamdani is ultra-Maga and just conned NYC commies. permalink award report block reply Goatboy66 1 points 5 hours ago Trump should tell mamdani not to reach out to Him, But instead, give a reach around to his Goat. permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 1 points 11 hours ago I saw Mamdani meet with both sects of jawas. The WH invited an ISIS "terrorist" and shook our presidents hand. They will hash out their differences... permalink award report block reply TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 7 hours ago What a faggot Don't answer the phone, Trump. permalink award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 12 hours ago Mandami is on the payroll, I’m sure the two of them will work together well. permalink award report block reply McFatty7 12 points 11 hours ago He just wants to ensure that federal dollars don't get cut, while also: harboring illegals giving illegals taxpayer benefits obstructing ICE. permalink parent award report block reply Redclyde75 1 points 9 hours ago Trump should never been in the same room as this suicide bomber permalink award report block reply dr_gonzo 1 points 10 hours ago Ya because Trump flat out said publicly he should reach out. I'm a little concerned by that. Trump has shown in the past he's willing to work with Democrats if they kiss the ring. This greasy little commie bastard would happily do that in an attempt to manipulate Trump. I think Trump's stance should be hardline opposition, regardless of what this idiot does. Socialism in America is unacceptable period. It won't be tolerated. Humanity was taught this lesson at great expense in the last century and being a socialist in this one is unforgivable. NYC should be treated as a rogue city that has declared civil war on the U.S. and its founding principles, because that's the actual reality. permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 7 hours ago To ask for more money to waste on his commie programs. permalink award report block reply FreedomFromGovt 1 points 3 hours ago Socialism needs capitalism to survive. permalink award report block reply pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago This guy will be a disaster. However, it is preferable to have the Democrats wanting to be in communication with the right instead of just declaring all non Democrats to be evil Nazis and refusing to talk, which is what Charlie Kirk argued against. permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 0 points 9 hours ago I’m sure Trump will be overjoyed to fork over billions of taxpayer dollars to make NYC a communist utopia and fuck over anyone left that was a net positive to the city. Last week that would have been dripping with sarcasm, but after this fiasco of telling us we’re too stupid to work in our own country and importing 600,000 Chinese on top of 50 year mortgages, man… I just don’t know what to think any more. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 8 hours ago It would be a fucking riot is Zohran turns out to be a MAGA communist and Trumps bud. Honestly given how much centralization and involvement the government is trying to get in the markets and such...I don't even know if MAGA isn't capable of also being communist. permalink award report block reply jhewish 0 points 11 hours ago Democrats like chuckie "jew" schumer and Hochul are kryptocommunists. They are communists through in through but do not say the quiet part out loud. They hate idiots like this Muslim and that will be his undoing. All that the Muslim can do to provide the free shit he promised is to siphon all of the money out of functioning systems which will provide less than .0000001% of the free shit and crater every other city program. Best case scenario he fails so monumentally the governor removes him due to incompetence. permalink award report block reply Trooph-Hurts -1 points 11 hours ago He’s kind of like the Jewish Muslim Charlie Kirk! But  he’s completely completely full of shit permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 2 points 9 hours ago There maybe pictures of the two together from a 2006 independent canadian film. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 9 hours ago If you study the expert way and arrogance of they convey ideas, it’s very similar! permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 11 hours ago You dont have to say it twice.  Lol permalink parent award report block reply
Hambonemcgee 92 points 12 hours ago I think they should have a private meeting and then they apprehend and deport Mamdani.  It would be stunning and would definitely get his base fired up. permalink award report block reply Parhelion12 21 points 8 hours ago Trump is cooked. He is H1B and Israel first. permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 8 points 10 hours ago But only after a complete cavity search. Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 -1 points 10 hours ago Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches You can flash freeze a pork sausage, secure it to a 3D printed jockstrap, and have it sodomize mudslime mayor via an Optimus robot. Modern problems require modern torture methods. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 11 points 10 hours ago What a terrible day to know how to read permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 2 points 5 hours ago He had his chance when that pos was outside of the country multiple times. Now Trump needs the mudslime to divert attention away from his own failures. “See at least I’m not like that guy”! permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 7 hours ago yep he'll reach out to Trump to let him know they will be needing the WHOLE countries money to be able to do what he wants to do. I say cut him OFF at the knees permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 5 hours ago Soros and jews put Mamdummy in office. Trump will suck his dick like a jihadi if Bibi tells him too. permalink parent award report block reply
Parhelion12 21 points 8 hours ago Trump is cooked. He is H1B and Israel first. permalink parent award report block reply
ParticleCannon 8 points 10 hours ago But only after a complete cavity search. Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 -1 points 10 hours ago Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches You can flash freeze a pork sausage, secure it to a 3D printed jockstrap, and have it sodomize mudslime mayor via an Optimus robot. Modern problems require modern torture methods. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 11 points 10 hours ago What a terrible day to know how to read permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 -1 points 10 hours ago Followed by a lunch of bacon sandwiches You can flash freeze a pork sausage, secure it to a 3D printed jockstrap, and have it sodomize mudslime mayor via an Optimus robot. Modern problems require modern torture methods. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 11 points 10 hours ago What a terrible day to know how to read permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 11 points 10 hours ago What a terrible day to know how to read permalink parent award report block reply
DeaduponArousal 2 points 5 hours ago He had his chance when that pos was outside of the country multiple times. Now Trump needs the mudslime to divert attention away from his own failures. “See at least I’m not like that guy”! permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 7 hours ago yep he'll reach out to Trump to let him know they will be needing the WHOLE countries money to be able to do what he wants to do. I say cut him OFF at the knees permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 5 hours ago Soros and jews put Mamdummy in office. Trump will suck his dick like a jihadi if Bibi tells him too. permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 38 points 11 hours ago It would only to raise his profile and create an aura of legitimacy. I wouldn't mind GEOTUS crushing this pretentious faggot though. permalink award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 3 points 8 hours ago Crush him like Lindsey Graham. We all saw what happened to "him" permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 1 points 6 hours ago Only thing that happened to Lindsay was another Trump endorsement and fundraiser lol If that's getting "crushed" then we're in for a bad time permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS -1 points 6 hours ago okay libtard permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 0 points 6 hours ago lol look it up faggot, not even a full month ago But whatever helps you cope, I guess. Trump is Lindsay's biggest fan. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MastaJoda 2 points 5 hours ago Trump just legitimized and sucked the dick of the al Qaeda terrorist leader of Syria in the WH 2 days ago. He''ll suck Mamdummy off just as fast if Bibi tells him too. permalink parent award report block reply
GEOTUS4POTUS 3 points 8 hours ago Crush him like Lindsey Graham. We all saw what happened to "him" permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 1 points 6 hours ago Only thing that happened to Lindsay was another Trump endorsement and fundraiser lol If that's getting "crushed" then we're in for a bad time permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS -1 points 6 hours ago okay libtard permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 0 points 6 hours ago lol look it up faggot, not even a full month ago But whatever helps you cope, I guess. Trump is Lindsay's biggest fan. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Politoed 1 points 6 hours ago Only thing that happened to Lindsay was another Trump endorsement and fundraiser lol If that's getting "crushed" then we're in for a bad time permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS -1 points 6 hours ago okay libtard permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 0 points 6 hours ago lol look it up faggot, not even a full month ago But whatever helps you cope, I guess. Trump is Lindsay's biggest fan. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
GEOTUS4POTUS -1 points 6 hours ago okay libtard permalink parent award report block reply Politoed 0 points 6 hours ago lol look it up faggot, not even a full month ago But whatever helps you cope, I guess. Trump is Lindsay's biggest fan. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Politoed 0 points 6 hours ago lol look it up faggot, not even a full month ago But whatever helps you cope, I guess. Trump is Lindsay's biggest fan. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MastaJoda 2 points 5 hours ago Trump just legitimized and sucked the dick of the al Qaeda terrorist leader of Syria in the WH 2 days ago. He''ll suck Mamdummy off just as fast if Bibi tells him too. permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius 31 points 11 hours ago That Communist Mamdani can eat a bag of Dicks. permalink award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 5 points 11 hours ago Why are you trying to give him a good time? permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 8 hours ago Bunch of faggots around here. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 11 hours ago oh he is permalink parent award report block reply JuicyfearsMAGA 1 points 10 hours ago With his feet permalink parent award report block reply
Liberals_R_Idiots 5 points 11 hours ago Why are you trying to give him a good time? permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 8 hours ago Bunch of faggots around here. permalink parent award report block reply
GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 8 hours ago Bunch of faggots around here. permalink parent award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 11 hours ago oh he is permalink parent award report block reply
JuicyfearsMAGA 1 points 10 hours ago With his feet permalink parent award report block reply
PosterIsDead 25 points 11 hours ago His religion compels him to lie. permalink award report block reply
Antemalagon 18 points 11 hours ago Drop his muslim ass off in the atlantic. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 15 points 11 hours ago Will they discuss more foreign students, foreign workers, or 200 year mortgages for NYC? permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 11 points 11 hours ago Trump has more Muslim friends than Mamdani has and they have a bit more influence in the world. permalink award report block reply
BBvarn 9 points 11 hours ago Fuck mandani, no money for New York. permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 9 hours ago Zero fedbux for NYC. Tell the governor if she fucks around the whole state gets cut off. Let's see how well socialism works without other people's money to spend. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago 2000$ tariff cheque inbound! permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 7 hours ago What country are you in? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 hours ago Canada - land of teh geesesteppin' canucks. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... rebuildingMyself 4 points 10 hours ago Not even the governor will support his bullshit. Funny how she chose not to mention that before and actually endorsed him when he was spreading his commie promises permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago Give scraps that way it's rhetorically impossible for the socialists to persuade normies that "Trump denied funding". Like literally anything more than a retarded level "yes/no" e.g. "Trump lowered funding relative to historically normal amounts" will go completely over most people's heads. permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 9 hours ago Zero fedbux for NYC. Tell the governor if she fucks around the whole state gets cut off. Let's see how well socialism works without other people's money to spend. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago 2000$ tariff cheque inbound! permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 7 hours ago What country are you in? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 hours ago Canada - land of teh geesesteppin' canucks. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago 2000$ tariff cheque inbound! permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 7 hours ago What country are you in? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 hours ago Canada - land of teh geesesteppin' canucks. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 7 hours ago What country are you in? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 hours ago Canada - land of teh geesesteppin' canucks. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Klaus73 1 points 6 hours ago Canada - land of teh geesesteppin' canucks. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 4 points 10 hours ago Not even the governor will support his bullshit. Funny how she chose not to mention that before and actually endorsed him when he was spreading his commie promises permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago Give scraps that way it's rhetorically impossible for the socialists to persuade normies that "Trump denied funding". Like literally anything more than a retarded level "yes/no" e.g. "Trump lowered funding relative to historically normal amounts" will go completely over most people's heads. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 9 points 11 hours ago They both want invaders here. One wants an army muzzies the other wants an army of chinese. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 8 points 11 hours ago And Indians. Trump loves his Indians now too. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 4 points 11 hours ago True. Street shitters are really integral in America First. permalink parent award report block reply Truthisunpopular 1 points 10 hours ago They both want anyone but actual Americans to succeed, that's 100% certain. permalink parent award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 8 points 11 hours ago And Indians. Trump loves his Indians now too. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 4 points 11 hours ago True. Street shitters are really integral in America First. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 4 points 11 hours ago True. Street shitters are really integral in America First. permalink parent award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 1 points 10 hours ago They both want anyone but actual Americans to succeed, that's 100% certain. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullwinkle 9 points 11 hours ago Didn’t this little boy use his speech to attack Trump? FAFO permalink award report block reply
AbsurdOpinion 8 points 10 hours ago Trump loves NYC but they've treated him horribly.  I think he should just take a hands off approach, let it simmer awhile under socialist control so they can learn what that means. And Trump's advisors should make it 100% clear that Mamdani, being a muslim, will lie like crazy to Trump.  He will do everything he can to manipulate him.  Muslims, by their own "faith", cannot be trusted. permalink award report block reply
TruthWillOut 7 points 11 hours ago Globalist communist gonna communist. permalink award report block reply
here2red 6 points 11 hours ago What happened to the Fight Trump schtick? Done already? LOL. Loser NYC base. permalink award report block reply
Herpawinski 6 points 10 hours ago Do NOT legitimize the little twat. Ignore all calls. If he obstructs ICE then arrest him. permalink award report block reply
SnowSnake 5 points 11 hours ago Yeah, relationship. Zohran, meet the pilot of Marine One. We're going for a short ride a few miles out over the Atlantic. Free swimming lessons. permalink award report block reply donteatthat 0 points 11 hours ago Easy with the fanfic permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 3 points 11 hours ago It's only fiction until it isn't. Dear God, please let the collapse happen while I'm still capable of great violence, amen. permalink parent award report block reply
donteatthat 0 points 11 hours ago Easy with the fanfic permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 3 points 11 hours ago It's only fiction until it isn't. Dear God, please let the collapse happen while I'm still capable of great violence, amen. permalink parent award report block reply
SnowSnake 3 points 11 hours ago It's only fiction until it isn't. Dear God, please let the collapse happen while I'm still capable of great violence, amen. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeCubicle 4 points 11 hours ago I thought he was all about defeating all things Trump. permalink award report block reply RiolindasReturn 7 points 11 hours ago More like manipulation, deceit and destruction… but yeah, all things Trump is part of that. permalink parent award report block reply Hammond 3 points 11 hours ago Mamdani just got his marching orders at that muslim meeting in Puerto Rico. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago He is, that's why he's saying this. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago About as much as Trump was about holding the deepstate to account and addressing the Epstien files. permalink parent award report block reply
RiolindasReturn 7 points 11 hours ago More like manipulation, deceit and destruction… but yeah, all things Trump is part of that. permalink parent award report block reply
Hammond 3 points 11 hours ago Mamdani just got his marching orders at that muslim meeting in Puerto Rico. permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago He is, that's why he's saying this. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 8 hours ago About as much as Trump was about holding the deepstate to account and addressing the Epstien files. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 4 points 10 hours ago Yeah because he will need the federal government to fund his communist wet dream. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 4 points 11 hours ago He better kiss Trump's ass because he will be needing a federal bailout in record time if he gets half his way permalink award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 3 points 11 hours ago If Trump bails out a Muslim giving free shit to other Muslims with my money, I'll never vote for his endorsements again. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 hours ago No way that would happen when even the governor of the state is saying it's dead on arrival permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Have you seen Trump's recent remark about H1B on Megyn Kelly show ? permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 0 points 10 hours ago Of course I have. I also saw the 600k Chinese spies and the 50 year mortgages and his endorsement of Graham and salamiwhammy. permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Then there isnt much to add. Trump is getting way out of touch with the base.. I hope there is still enough time to steer the ship around. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 10 hours ago he will be needing a federal bailout in record time if he gets half his way Mamdani's housing plan literally requires a forced bailout. permalink parent award report block reply
Bidensmellslikepiss 3 points 11 hours ago If Trump bails out a Muslim giving free shit to other Muslims with my money, I'll never vote for his endorsements again. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 hours ago No way that would happen when even the governor of the state is saying it's dead on arrival permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Have you seen Trump's recent remark about H1B on Megyn Kelly show ? permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 0 points 10 hours ago Of course I have. I also saw the 600k Chinese spies and the 50 year mortgages and his endorsement of Graham and salamiwhammy. permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Then there isnt much to add. Trump is getting way out of touch with the base.. I hope there is still enough time to steer the ship around. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 hours ago No way that would happen when even the governor of the state is saying it's dead on arrival permalink parent award report block reply
raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Have you seen Trump's recent remark about H1B on Megyn Kelly show ? permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 0 points 10 hours ago Of course I have. I also saw the 600k Chinese spies and the 50 year mortgages and his endorsement of Graham and salamiwhammy. permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Then there isnt much to add. Trump is getting way out of touch with the base.. I hope there is still enough time to steer the ship around. permalink parent award report block reply
Bidensmellslikepiss 0 points 10 hours ago Of course I have. I also saw the 600k Chinese spies and the 50 year mortgages and his endorsement of Graham and salamiwhammy. permalink parent award report block reply raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Then there isnt much to add. Trump is getting way out of touch with the base.. I hope there is still enough time to steer the ship around. permalink parent award report block reply
raptoris2 1 points 10 hours ago Then there isnt much to add. Trump is getting way out of touch with the base.. I hope there is still enough time to steer the ship around. permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 1 points 10 hours ago he will be needing a federal bailout in record time if he gets half his way Mamdani's housing plan literally requires a forced bailout. permalink parent award report block reply
ThorsonTT 4 points 10 hours ago Yesterday Mamdummy was vowing to fight Trump.  This hipster flip flops on absolutely everything. New Yorkers are effin stupid. permalink award report block reply
Lordfred1993 4 points 11 hours ago It means he needs money permalink award report block reply
MJK1 4 points 10 hours ago He should never ever be allowed in the White House. permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 6 hours ago Is that before, or after, he's de-naturalized due to lying on his application, and deported? permalink award report block reply
jermzdeejd 3 points 10 hours ago What he is saying: No way Trump is going to give me money for all the crazy shit I want to do. I will blame him for my plans failing. I will blame Trump for everything while I make Anerican New Yorkers suffer. permalink award report block reply
Serude 3 points 10 hours ago Trump better not give that fucker a penny. Tired of the responsible parts of the country funding these shitbags. permalink award report block reply
geekesmind 3 points 11 hours ago TRUMP tell this Muslim commie to FUCK OFF permalink award report block reply
GhostOfMyFormerSelf 3 points 10 hours ago Hopefully the call goes to voicemail. "Hello, This is Donald Trump, please leave a Yuge message at the tone - unless you are that faggot Zelenski or Mamdani. The two of you can blow me!" permalink award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 3 points 10 hours ago All this is..is Mamdani trying to get comfy with Trump and try and "humanize" himself so Trump doesn't remove Mamdani's citizenship and deport his ass for being a fucking communist..because he should be deported. It's hard to deport someone after you've met them..talked to them like they're actually civilized, etc. Trump should deny any contact with Mamdani and have his DOJ and ICE deport the Mamdani communist before it's too late. permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 1 points 9 hours ago Tony Montana was right! permalink parent award report block reply
BartzFFV 1 points 9 hours ago Tony Montana was right! permalink parent award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 3 points 11 hours ago let him in the kitchen entrance of the Whitehouse like Obama did for the Dali Lama and then tell him Trumps schedule was canceled permalink award report block reply
hey_spike 3 points 6 hours ago Get in line behind the the mayors of Miami, Palm Beach,  Boca Raton, ... permalink award report block reply
My2SonsAreMarines 2 points 8 hours ago So he's going to meet Trump personally to get his deportation papers and plane ticket back to Uganda or will Trump just delegate it up to Noem to do? permalink award report block reply
GTHAYS 2 points 6 hours ago Time for President TRUMP to drag out the "Eat a bag of dicks" meme again. permalink award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 11 hours ago Take the call just to hang up on him. Call him back and apologize. Then hang up on him again. Keep doing this for the next hour. permalink award report block reply geekesmind 1 points 11 hours ago Shit have bad line permalink parent award report block reply
geekesmind 1 points 11 hours ago Shit have bad line permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 2 points 11 hours ago No civility with communists permalink award report block reply
JamesBond007 2 points 5 hours ago Tell him to bring his shoe shine box like Schumer. Bend the knee and give a mirror buff permalink award report block reply
MarshallB 2 points 10 hours ago i thought you were limited to one call when you are in jail? permalink award report block reply
BitterRoots 2 points 5 hours ago Trump probably will invite Mandami to the WH and hand him a gift of cologne permalink award report block reply
givethismanacoat 2 points 11 hours ago I bet he treats him like Zelensky... permalink award report block reply
R3tro 2 points 10 hours ago LOL, when even the dike Hotchal is cutting you off… you know the libs gonna let you fail ( except the Muslims ) permalink award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 2 points 11 hours ago Itd be fucking hilarious if Mamdani was really just a MAGA plant.  0% of it happening, but damn would it be funny. permalink award report block reply
DontTreadOnLego 2 points 8 hours ago Madmani can call Trump and get chewed out hard.  That would be a thing to hear. Edit: or hear, "You're Deported!" permalink award report block reply
Fren20 2 points 8 hours ago Do not meet this cocksucker,he's only using you.he knocked you now you give him a meeting no way! permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 2 points 10 hours ago I wouldn't take the call. How many other  mayors think they can just call the president up? permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 2 points 11 hours ago It should be made public by Trump et Al.... Fuck Zohran, there is no relationship between us and them. permalink award report block reply
VladtheTickler 2 points 5 hours ago He needs other peoples' money and Hochul already turned him down. permalink award report block reply
SheevP 1 points 7 hours ago If Trump takes his call and offers any help it will be a huge downer. Let NYC crumble under the Communist. permalink award report block reply
elitist_j3rk 1 points 8 hours ago Plot twist: Mamdani is ultra-Maga and just conned NYC commies. permalink award report block reply
Goatboy66 1 points 5 hours ago Trump should tell mamdani not to reach out to Him, But instead, give a reach around to his Goat. permalink award report block reply
MickHigan2 1 points 11 hours ago I saw Mamdani meet with both sects of jawas. The WH invited an ISIS "terrorist" and shook our presidents hand. They will hash out their differences... permalink award report block reply
TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 7 hours ago What a faggot Don't answer the phone, Trump. permalink award report block reply
SpeekFreely 1 points 12 hours ago Mandami is on the payroll, I’m sure the two of them will work together well. permalink award report block reply McFatty7 12 points 11 hours ago He just wants to ensure that federal dollars don't get cut, while also: harboring illegals giving illegals taxpayer benefits obstructing ICE. permalink parent award report block reply
McFatty7 12 points 11 hours ago He just wants to ensure that federal dollars don't get cut, while also: harboring illegals giving illegals taxpayer benefits obstructing ICE. permalink parent award report block reply
Redclyde75 1 points 9 hours ago Trump should never been in the same room as this suicide bomber permalink award report block reply
dr_gonzo 1 points 10 hours ago Ya because Trump flat out said publicly he should reach out. I'm a little concerned by that. Trump has shown in the past he's willing to work with Democrats if they kiss the ring. This greasy little commie bastard would happily do that in an attempt to manipulate Trump. I think Trump's stance should be hardline opposition, regardless of what this idiot does. Socialism in America is unacceptable period. It won't be tolerated. Humanity was taught this lesson at great expense in the last century and being a socialist in this one is unforgivable. NYC should be treated as a rogue city that has declared civil war on the U.S. and its founding principles, because that's the actual reality. permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 1 points 7 hours ago To ask for more money to waste on his commie programs. permalink award report block reply
FreedomFromGovt 1 points 3 hours ago Socialism needs capitalism to survive. permalink award report block reply
pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago This guy will be a disaster. However, it is preferable to have the Democrats wanting to be in communication with the right instead of just declaring all non Democrats to be evil Nazis and refusing to talk, which is what Charlie Kirk argued against. permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 0 points 9 hours ago I’m sure Trump will be overjoyed to fork over billions of taxpayer dollars to make NYC a communist utopia and fuck over anyone left that was a net positive to the city. Last week that would have been dripping with sarcasm, but after this fiasco of telling us we’re too stupid to work in our own country and importing 600,000 Chinese on top of 50 year mortgages, man… I just don’t know what to think any more. permalink award report block reply
Klaus73 0 points 8 hours ago It would be a fucking riot is Zohran turns out to be a MAGA communist and Trumps bud. Honestly given how much centralization and involvement the government is trying to get in the markets and such...I don't even know if MAGA isn't capable of also being communist. permalink award report block reply
jhewish 0 points 11 hours ago Democrats like chuckie "jew" schumer and Hochul are kryptocommunists. They are communists through in through but do not say the quiet part out loud. They hate idiots like this Muslim and that will be his undoing. All that the Muslim can do to provide the free shit he promised is to siphon all of the money out of functioning systems which will provide less than .0000001% of the free shit and crater every other city program. Best case scenario he fails so monumentally the governor removes him due to incompetence. permalink award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts -1 points 11 hours ago He’s kind of like the Jewish Muslim Charlie Kirk! But  he’s completely completely full of shit permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 2 points 9 hours ago There maybe pictures of the two together from a 2006 independent canadian film. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 9 hours ago If you study the expert way and arrogance of they convey ideas, it’s very similar! permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 11 hours ago You dont have to say it twice.  Lol permalink parent award report block reply
BartzFFV 2 points 9 hours ago There maybe pictures of the two together from a 2006 independent canadian film. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 9 hours ago If you study the expert way and arrogance of they convey ideas, it’s very similar! permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 1 points 9 hours ago If you study the expert way and arrogance of they convey ideas, it’s very similar! permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 1 points 11 hours ago You dont have to say it twice.  Lol permalink parent award report block reply