346 Why Use Examples From Fiction posted 7 days ago by hecubus 20 comments award share download report block
20 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style muppeton 15 points 7 days ago I heard the original novel was supposed to be an analogy for Islam (particularly after a certain event in '79).  But that wouldn't jive with certain sensibilities.  So the novel and its adaptations had to make the dystopia more "Christian-like" in order to appeal to modern audiences. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 12 points 6 days ago The original novel is rape fantasy erotica for women. permalink parent award report block reply 27Sandino 5 points 6 days ago That's extremely redundant permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 6 days ago "The men will force us down!" "They will pin us upon their wife!" "Forcing themselves deeply into our fertile wombs!" "... M'am this is a Wendys ..." permalink parent award report block reply Powdered_Sugar 9 points 6 days ago Because you can't use the real life example to attack Christianity and God, and that's all these people actually care about doing.  Islam is a Satanic religion, they don't need to worry about attacking it becuase it's already on their side. permalink award report block reply ESAsher 4 points 6 days ago How can you say that about the Great Prophet Mohammad, pork be upon him, who heroically got ridden all night by the virile men of Al-Zutt? permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 6 points 7 days ago I never read the books but someone pointed out that there was an entire class of grey-robed servant women who were too ugly to be breeders that the freakshow lefties never pretend to be. permalink award report block reply 26magarat 2 points 6 days ago Or sterile. Also EconoWives who wear stripes. Don't see any of those. permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago Not at all.  Queer that.  I wonder why it works out that way? permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 6 points 6 days ago Because the fanfic lets them hate Christians for imagined offenses. These are the kind of women who will be mad at their husbands because the husbands cheated on her in her dream. permalink award report block reply kekapoo1 5 points 7 days ago women; why is it always women that have to suffer....
also women; how can we eff things up for ourselves permalink award report block reply ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago God made them man and woman, Samuel Colt made them equal and monsters the world over have made guns inaccessible to the people who need them. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 3 points 6 days ago Because their reality is a fiction. It is a construct that exists only within their minds. permalink award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 3 points 6 days ago The Handmaidens Tale comparisons bother me more than they should. Within the lore of the universe, handmaidens are young fertile and beautiful. The women who cosplay as them at protests would have nothing to worry about. permalink award report block reply ESAsher 4 points 6 days ago Jabba the Hutt in a blue wig with fake nails. permalink parent award report block reply Mintap 2 points 7 days ago Also include liberal, unmarried women enslaved to their careers. permalink award report block reply PunishedSnek 1 points 6 days ago They have respect for men who actually do it. permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 6 days ago Because they hate you more then them. And every time a white man makes a racist statement publicly, he assists his enemies in demonizing white people further. The abuse and suppression is obvious. The goal is not to point it out. The goal is to make you say racist things publicly that they can use to show that you are in fact racist. The best weapon to use against you is your own racial bias. That is why they have done this for years so successfully. Conservative meatheads take the bait every time, predictably, like a fucking clock. permalink award report block reply kekapoo1 2 points 6 days ago time to raise ''racism'' from the shame and guilt up out of emotionland into logicland and honor it as common sense and pattern recognition logic.  no more hiding in the shadows and who gives a damn how its perceived by goblins and murderous demons of this world.  enough being throttled by retards and deviants and criminals permalink parent award report block reply Saltish 1 points 6 days ago Would be nice, but accusations of racism are so incredibly powerful a weapon, I don't see how we get to this point before White people are utterly destroyed by it. Despite losing some power, it's still extraordinarily effective. Probably the most potent civilizational weapon the world has ever known. permalink parent award report block reply
muppeton 15 points 7 days ago I heard the original novel was supposed to be an analogy for Islam (particularly after a certain event in '79).  But that wouldn't jive with certain sensibilities.  So the novel and its adaptations had to make the dystopia more "Christian-like" in order to appeal to modern audiences. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 12 points 6 days ago The original novel is rape fantasy erotica for women. permalink parent award report block reply 27Sandino 5 points 6 days ago That's extremely redundant permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 6 days ago "The men will force us down!" "They will pin us upon their wife!" "Forcing themselves deeply into our fertile wombs!" "... M'am this is a Wendys ..." permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 12 points 6 days ago The original novel is rape fantasy erotica for women. permalink parent award report block reply 27Sandino 5 points 6 days ago That's extremely redundant permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 6 days ago "The men will force us down!" "They will pin us upon their wife!" "Forcing themselves deeply into our fertile wombs!" "... M'am this is a Wendys ..." permalink parent award report block reply
27Sandino 5 points 6 days ago That's extremely redundant permalink parent award report block reply
45fan 3 points 6 days ago "The men will force us down!" "They will pin us upon their wife!" "Forcing themselves deeply into our fertile wombs!" "... M'am this is a Wendys ..." permalink parent award report block reply
Powdered_Sugar 9 points 6 days ago Because you can't use the real life example to attack Christianity and God, and that's all these people actually care about doing.  Islam is a Satanic religion, they don't need to worry about attacking it becuase it's already on their side. permalink award report block reply ESAsher 4 points 6 days ago How can you say that about the Great Prophet Mohammad, pork be upon him, who heroically got ridden all night by the virile men of Al-Zutt? permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 4 points 6 days ago How can you say that about the Great Prophet Mohammad, pork be upon him, who heroically got ridden all night by the virile men of Al-Zutt? permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 6 points 7 days ago I never read the books but someone pointed out that there was an entire class of grey-robed servant women who were too ugly to be breeders that the freakshow lefties never pretend to be. permalink award report block reply 26magarat 2 points 6 days ago Or sterile. Also EconoWives who wear stripes. Don't see any of those. permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago Not at all.  Queer that.  I wonder why it works out that way? permalink parent award report block reply
26magarat 2 points 6 days ago Or sterile. Also EconoWives who wear stripes. Don't see any of those. permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago Not at all.  Queer that.  I wonder why it works out that way? permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago Not at all.  Queer that.  I wonder why it works out that way? permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 6 points 6 days ago Because the fanfic lets them hate Christians for imagined offenses. These are the kind of women who will be mad at their husbands because the husbands cheated on her in her dream. permalink award report block reply
kekapoo1 5 points 7 days ago women; why is it always women that have to suffer....
also women; how can we eff things up for ourselves permalink award report block reply ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago God made them man and woman, Samuel Colt made them equal and monsters the world over have made guns inaccessible to the people who need them. permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 1 points 6 days ago God made them man and woman, Samuel Colt made them equal and monsters the world over have made guns inaccessible to the people who need them. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 3 points 6 days ago Because their reality is a fiction. It is a construct that exists only within their minds. permalink award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 3 points 6 days ago The Handmaidens Tale comparisons bother me more than they should. Within the lore of the universe, handmaidens are young fertile and beautiful. The women who cosplay as them at protests would have nothing to worry about. permalink award report block reply ESAsher 4 points 6 days ago Jabba the Hutt in a blue wig with fake nails. permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 4 points 6 days ago Jabba the Hutt in a blue wig with fake nails. permalink parent award report block reply
Mintap 2 points 7 days ago Also include liberal, unmarried women enslaved to their careers. permalink award report block reply
PunishedSnek 1 points 6 days ago They have respect for men who actually do it. permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 6 days ago Because they hate you more then them. And every time a white man makes a racist statement publicly, he assists his enemies in demonizing white people further. The abuse and suppression is obvious. The goal is not to point it out. The goal is to make you say racist things publicly that they can use to show that you are in fact racist. The best weapon to use against you is your own racial bias. That is why they have done this for years so successfully. Conservative meatheads take the bait every time, predictably, like a fucking clock. permalink award report block reply kekapoo1 2 points 6 days ago time to raise ''racism'' from the shame and guilt up out of emotionland into logicland and honor it as common sense and pattern recognition logic.  no more hiding in the shadows and who gives a damn how its perceived by goblins and murderous demons of this world.  enough being throttled by retards and deviants and criminals permalink parent award report block reply Saltish 1 points 6 days ago Would be nice, but accusations of racism are so incredibly powerful a weapon, I don't see how we get to this point before White people are utterly destroyed by it. Despite losing some power, it's still extraordinarily effective. Probably the most potent civilizational weapon the world has ever known. permalink parent award report block reply
kekapoo1 2 points 6 days ago time to raise ''racism'' from the shame and guilt up out of emotionland into logicland and honor it as common sense and pattern recognition logic.  no more hiding in the shadows and who gives a damn how its perceived by goblins and murderous demons of this world.  enough being throttled by retards and deviants and criminals permalink parent award report block reply Saltish 1 points 6 days ago Would be nice, but accusations of racism are so incredibly powerful a weapon, I don't see how we get to this point before White people are utterly destroyed by it. Despite losing some power, it's still extraordinarily effective. Probably the most potent civilizational weapon the world has ever known. permalink parent award report block reply
Saltish 1 points 6 days ago Would be nice, but accusations of racism are so incredibly powerful a weapon, I don't see how we get to this point before White people are utterly destroyed by it. Despite losing some power, it's still extraordinarily effective. Probably the most potent civilizational weapon the world has ever known. permalink parent award report block reply