1078 Chicago women are spending their days walking around with whistles so they can alert illegals of ICE activity in the area.

They’re quite literally trying to save convicted sex offenders from being taken out of their neighborhoods. posted 5 days ago by PiratePatriotParrot 212 comments award share report block johnny maga @_johnnymaga • 5d Chicago women are spending their days walking around with whistles so they can alert illegals of ICE activity in the area. They’re quite literally trying to save convicted sex offenders from being taken out of their neighborhoods. They should absolutely be arrested for this.
212 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save IncredibleMrE1 99 points 5 days ago They need to save their brown smelly rapists from deportation so that they can virtue signal on Instagram about how they feel unsafe around men. Also note how this AWFL is sticking to the north side and won't go to the south side. Racist bitch. permalink award report block reply grandfather_nurgle 29 points 5 days ago I spend entire days thinking about what we  are going to do about white women. Frankly, I think we have failed as men. Gen X and millennials. Not entirely our fault. Like the boomers we were desensitized by goyvision and corn syrup but we should have fought back. I hope it’s not too late. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 23 points 5 days ago The last of the millennial ones are quickly approaching the wall. And zoomer women on both sides of the political aisle have little interest at best in marriage or kids. It's gonna get bad. Real bad. permalink parent award report block reply Sig229 11 points 5 days ago We have reached the point where we have to seriously look at taking the vote away from women. We all have women we love and are intelligent but collectively they are as dumb as fuck and the globalists have them leashed by a nosering. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 4 days ago view 1 more comments... HKFan -5 points 4 days ago How voting should work: Men - upon turning 18 they vote themselves.  When we marry we vote for the wife, when we have children we vote for them.  Every child born in wedlock is another vote that man gets to cast.  Upon a daughter turning 18 the father no longer gets to cast her vote and she will not have a vote until she marries at which point it moves to the husband permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Most women over 30 have no retirement savings and shit credit. A lot of them are suffering mental breakdowns as they go into menopause realizing childlessness is miserable and lonely, and a "career" in HR wasn't worth it at all. permalink parent award report block reply givethismanacoat 10 points 5 days ago Boomers weren't aware of the deep state. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 18 points 5 days ago Lol, you think the Deep State is a new idea? Google the John Birch Society and tell me how original you think the Tea Party was. Boy, we've been out here before you were born. permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 4 days ago And what'd you do about it? Aside from G.L. Rockwell? permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 3 points 4 days ago You can't be serious. Like any generation those who bother themselves to pay even the smallest bit of attention have been trying to tell anyone who would listen that it's all been a lie since Sen. Joe McCarthy exposed them all. And it has  finally started to work on the normies  as the information is out there easily found  everywhere on the web. It took decades but here we are. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 8 points 5 days ago My worry is that we've screwed them to beyond repair, except for extreme actions that we aren't willing to take so our while society will die and be replaced with Islam, because they have mechanisms for fixing them.   They were so broken it might take shari'a to fix them, but they keep voting for it already. So I guess that's just how it's gonna go.    Unless white males are willing to do unspeakable things that would get them thrown in jail to save their civilization.         Our forefathers were willing to, but I think we've lost the spirit. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 5 points 4 days ago When the power goes out, they'll come to you. You won't have to "do" anything. They're larping in a world created by men. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 4 days ago Charlie Kirk spoke about this many time. get married
have as many kids as you can
focus on family. sounds easy. Finding a worthy women is key. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... ColonelKlink 12 points 5 days ago You can't fix this kind of stupid. They'll get what they have coming to them. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 4 days ago Repurposing rape whistles. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 5 points 5 days ago Ngl you’ve been schizo for a while; but 15 million dead gen z has radicalized me. Turn the groypers loose on these hoes. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 4 days ago but in the north side that is where they all have their illegals at their homes cleaning them and doing their yards and paying them a cheaper wage, they don't want their cheap slaves being taken away, cause then they would either have to clean their own homes or pay a white or black person more to clean them and their lawns permalink parent award report block reply parttimefed 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 38 points 5 days ago Blowing a whistle to alert illegal aliens of an ICE raid is “attempting to shield from detection” under 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a)(1)(A)(iii). “knowing or in reckless disregard of the fact that an alien has come to, entered, or remains in the United States in violation of law, conceals, harbors, or shields from detection, or attempts to conceal, harbor, or shield from detection, such alien...” Up to 5 years in prison and/or fine under Title 18. permalink award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago That would be an extremely hard charge to prove in court.  To be found guilty, the government must prove the accused person harbored, hid, or shielded an alien from detection.  Blowing a whistle does not do any of those. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 19 points 5 days ago It's an attempt to shield from detection as I said. Warning the alien of ICE location attempts to prevent ICE detection. U.S. v. Costello (7th Cir. 2011): Woman texted “ICE is here” → sentenced to 1 year (downward variance from 5-year max due to minor role). permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago She wasn't convicted simply for texting.  She harbored the illegal in her home.  Try again. Informing others of the presence of law enforcement is not illegal.  Otherwise, the Waze app would be shut down. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 11 points 5 days ago You clearly don't know what you're talking about. Don't waste my time with fiction. Try not being totally wrong. Warning him was illegal and she was arrested for it. The Costello courts never found, charged, or even alleged that she was “harboring” him in the classic sense (providing shelter, food, or a place to stay).  They dated and had previously lived together (at some earlier point), but not at the time of the offense.  She was at a bar; he was elsewhere (exact location not specified, but not with her).
After the text he fled; she was arrested at the bar. No evidence she ever hid him afterward. U.S. v. Ye (9th Cir. 2014) — Factory owner saw ICE enter, waved arms and yelled “La Migra!”; workers fled out back. Convicted — 30 months prison. U.S. v. Lopez (5th Cir. 2008) — Smuggling stash-house lookout used walkie-talkie: “They’re here” when ICE arrived. Convicted — 36 months. U.S. v. De Jesus-Batres (9th Cir. 2005) — Driver texted ahead to van carrying 10 aliens: “Checkpoint ahead, turn around.” Convicted — 24 months. U.S. v. Shumway (10th Cir. 1997) — Truck driver flashed headlights to warn following van of Border Patrol stop. Convicted — 12 months. U.S. v. Kim (N.D. Cal. 2018) — Restaurant manager posted in staff WeChat group: “ICE at front, use back door.” Pled guilty — 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Nikola_S1 6 points 4 days ago In this case she admitted to it, right? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago What did she admit to? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 4 days ago That she shields illegal aliens from detection. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 5 points 4 days ago Her video certainly indicates her intent. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago Her video is about alerting others of the location of law enforcement.  If there is any intent beyond that, it isn't directly stated. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago She explicitly stated that she was trying to warn of ICE activity which constitutes impeding an investigation or attempting to hinder them from doing their job. She is committing a crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... QSWO1 1 points 4 days ago Both should be happy to see the last door they walk Thru. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust 1 points 4 days ago She literally posted a video of her intentions with the whistle. This would be easy to prove. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago I don't have a Twitter account.  If her intentions are malicious, could you provide a link to it? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Aquamine-Amarine 26 points 5 days ago Leftist women are the first ones that need to be reducated and unbrainwashed. Followed by white leftist men. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 4 days ago They cannot be fixed. permalink parent award report block reply The_Ikonoclast 26 points 5 days ago Rape whistles? Like come and get me? permalink award report block reply Skogin 21 points 5 days ago Like, “I don’t have weapons or common sense.” permalink parent award report block reply Odyssey 3 points 5 days ago Good thing is the kind of people ICE is arresting have too low IQ to be aware of the surrounding. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 23 points 5 days ago "An ugly woman has a grudge against the world." permalink award report block reply Unboosted 18 points 5 days ago No not arrested. They will be raped for this and they will like it. Leftism is a mental disorder permalink award report block reply Harsh_Truth2 5 points 4 days ago E. JEAN CAROLL. RAPE IS SEXY permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 17 points 5 days ago Ok cool now I think everyone else should go around with whistles and just sound them in random places at random times for no reason so it creates a 'cry wolf' effect then people will eventually ignore it permalink award report block reply DirkDiggler9er 17 points 5 days ago It's always the white Karen's 🙄 permalink award report block reply Sarcastic_Otter 13 points 5 days ago That sounds a lot like aiding and abetting or at least obstruction.  They should be arrested, charged, tried & convicted under RICO since it is a conspiracy to commit a crime.  And since that would be a felony, they would not be allowed to vote ever again. permalink award report block reply Txiribiton 1 points 4 days ago But you need a serious deportation policy, not the current theatre. permalink parent award report block reply Deltamyass 12 points 5 days ago Repeal the 19th permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 12 points 5 days ago End the 19th. permalink award report block reply Knockoff 10 points 5 days ago Schools did a bang-up job teaching kids the highest virtue is to be an activist. No need to understand the consequences of your activism. permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 9 points 5 days ago Liberal white women have almost nonexistent preservation skills. Sad, yet fascinating permalink award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Considering their major voting issue is aborting their babies so they have more time for one-night stands with drug dealers? permalink parent award report block reply Fren20 9 points 5 days ago Look teach your sons to avoid these women, ignore them .do not let these women around your daughters or wives permalink award report block reply ChickenStrips 8 points 5 days ago Once again, these liberal white chicks are the problem. permalink award report block reply Infidel 8 points 5 days ago This reminds me of the White Feather movement of WWI in Britain. They feel powerful and have the attention and validation for a cause even though their cause is totally stupid. permalink award report block reply AFPede 8 points 5 days ago Of course she’s white. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 8 points 5 days ago When SNAP gets reformed, it should be in person with ID and proof.  That should happen for all the benefits and the same for voting. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 5 points 5 days ago They have ID and proof. except for all the illegals haha California is home of illegals and follows no laws and needs to be  invaded for being a rogue state. permalink parent award report block reply MythArcana 8 points 5 days ago Yet more AWFL bad ideas spewing out of their peabrains again. permalink award report block reply givethismanacoat 8 points 5 days ago Would be a shame if whistles started blowing every where. permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 4 points 4 days ago Fog horns permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 3 points 4 days ago Ah Ooo Gah! permalink parent award report block reply Testamernt 2 points 5 days ago It occurs to me that this is the answer.  It would also generate constant fear, all the time if they kept hearing whistles everywhere they went as a bonus.  Then eventually, the fear goes away because of how often they hear them and nothing happens.    Until it does. permalink parent award report block reply bantar 1 points 4 days ago Head to the nearest Mercado for MAXIMUM FUN!!! permalink parent award report block reply YT45 8 points 5 days ago They’ve gone from rape whistles to “Rape me!” whistles… permalink award report block reply Protonboy 7 points 5 days ago Why do I envision MAGA from practicing the whistle at odd times of the day, in these neighborhoods?? permalink award report block reply Nate_Higgersalot 6 points 5 days ago The whistles go woo woooooo! permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ 6 points 5 days ago 18 U.S.C. § 111 — Assaulting, resisting, or impeding federal officers 18 U.S.C. § 372 — Conspiracy to impede or injure a federal officer 18 U.S.C. § 241 — Conspiracy against rights (using force or threats to stop officials or others from exercising lawful duties/rights) 18 U.S.C. § 1505 — Obstruction of proceedings before federal departments or agencies 18 U.S.C. § 1512(b) — Witness tampering / obstruction of justice (if warning or threatening interferes with investigation) 18 U.S.C. § 231(a)(3) — Civil disorder: obstructing or interfering with law enforcement during civil unrest 18 U.S.C. § 2101 — Anti-Riot Act (inciting, organizing, promoting, or carrying on a riot using interstate facilities) 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a)(1)(A)(iii) — Harboring, concealing, or shielding an undocumented alien from detection 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a)(1)(A)(v) — Aiding, abetting, or conspiring to help an undocumented alien avoid apprehension 18 U.S.C. § 1071 — Harboring or aiding a fugitive with a federal warrant 18 U.S.C. § 3 — Accessory after the fact (helping someone avoid arrest knowing they committed a federal crime) 18 U.S.C. § 2 — Aiding and abetting (participating in or encouraging any of the above offenses) Throw the book at her and give her the January 6ers treatment. permalink award report block reply TerrorOfLiberals 6 points 5 days ago Those women are not very smart. I'll laugh when they face the inevitable consequences of their actions. I can't save them and at this point I won't bother trying. permalink award report block reply oldftg 6 points 5 days ago Clear obstruction charge. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 6 points 5 days ago Forget the sex offenders. They belong in jail. They are alerting the fraudsters and criminal parasite thieves that are "doing" the jobs that Americans "won't do". Those are the people ICE needs to deport the most. Sex offenders and gang members are already criminals and aren't competing for my job or apartments. The local cops can deal with sex offenders ans drug dealers. ICE needs to deport the people who are being illegally handed my job and apartment because I cant do anything about it. permalink award report block reply thp2034 6 points 5 days ago Seriously...WTF is wrong with these people?
Yes, lets do, lets make it a community effort to free a rapist, murdering, pedo, illegal alien SOB from custody. Lets fuck with some Federal Agents, get pepper sprayed and then federally charged. Sound like fun! Idiots permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 5 days ago Communism permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 6 points 5 days ago What's that mental illness where you want to protect your assailant? - yeah, that one. Yet another example of the complete smooth brain mentality of the left. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago Stockholm syndrome, women are dozens of times more likely to get it. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 6 points 5 days ago Women tend to let the barbarians in the gates as they are pathologically inclined to bring rapey dominant men to a society to replace the men they deem weak regardless of what it means for them... Once society stabilizes and finds it's wealth, women be subverting. The ultimate solution is to deny them political power in any serious society. It should be written in our new constitution when such a thing is created. And there needs to be ESSAYS upon essays as to exactly why women shouldn't vote. Our forefathers were so much wiser than us. permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 4 points 5 days ago Yup. That's the one. And the second half of your sentence is my point. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAguitar 6 points 5 days ago College educated white women. Pretty much sums it up. permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 6 points 5 days ago Rape is sexy -- E. Jean Carol permalink award report block reply Xahnel 6 points 5 days ago This is so easily abused, and can absolutely ruin the peace of mind of any illegal enclave. Let's start abusing this and ruining the peace of mind of illegal enclaves. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 5 days ago Actually what needs to happen is when she invariably finds herself responsible for someone fleeing and still caught they should bring the person over and read his wrap sheet and ask her why she is protecting child rapists. Obviously arrest her but also show her photos of victims while in custody and ask her where were you when he was doing this? Why didn't you blow your whistle to protect this child? Take the opportunity to educate. Whether it sticks or not I think too many liberal white women are simply social media junkies and don't actually know what reality looks like or their place in it. Social media has gotten so fucking vile and so many people are consumed by it for hours on end every god damn day. They don't see what you see. They see a curated hate fest that melts their brain. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 5 points 5 days ago Not before the Mayors and higher level officals are permalink award report block reply realPhantomFuck 4 points 5 days ago The white liberal woman's suicidal empathy will be the downfall of the West permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 4 points 5 days ago Normies don’t realize that ICE/Border Patrol are facing extraordinary resistance in their operations in and around Chicago. Moreover, you have Obama/Biden judges thinking they can restrict their ability to operate. The Trump administration needs to clamp down hard on Chicago. Fuck the resistance, fuck the optics. They WILL submit to our authority! permalink award report block reply Eddie_Vanjovi 4 points 5 days ago Such ugly, Godless people. permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 4 points 5 days ago I'm really starting to get onboard with removing women's right to vote. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 4 points 5 days ago This means you can blow a whistle and they will scatter permalink award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 3 points 5 days ago "So how did you fight the Nazis?? With whistles!" They think they're saving the world from Hitler by using $2 temu whistles. permalink award report block reply Cuck-WTF 3 points 5 days ago This is every HR employee deciding who works in every job therefore shaping every business under their religion of worshipping X chromosomes and melanin. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 3 points 4 days ago "It was always the women, and above all the young ones, who were the most bigoted adherents of the Party, the swallowers of slogans, the amateur spies and nosers−out of unorthodoxy." 1984 - George Orwell permalink award report block reply emorphia 3 points 5 days ago maybe they should be forced to take in those illegals in their homes and live with them.  they want them to stay, let them feed them and pay for them.  i wonder if she will do the same after she has been molested by an illegal.  but she probably will say that he molester dont deserve punishment and that she is white so she deserves it.  these people are completely insane. permalink award report block reply Fingerbang 3 points 5 days ago 'I'm helping!' permalink award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 2 points 4 days ago Can't wait for this ignorant Karen to be raped by one of these illegals whom she's protecting from being taken off the street. This is why I've been saying for a while now. ICE needs to announce what crimes their targets have committed while apprehending them. Show everyone all the rapes, murders of these illegals right on their ICE vehicles. Big signs. Use a loud speaker as well. Have the speaker state all the crimes their illegal alien target has committed and have it on repeat. So when these stupid Karen do-gooders think they're saving some innocent "migrant", it will be plastered everywhere that who they're protecting is a sicko criminal scumbag. Make all of their protest videos show and hear all of those crimes whenever they try to post them on Tiktok. permalink award report block reply Alldayeveryday 2 points 4 days ago So a bunch of jobless worthless white liberal women permalink award report block reply AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago Cue the "Always has been" astronauts meme! permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 2 points 4 days ago Seems like the whistles will soon become "come and get it" alerts. Where there's a whistle, there's a willing white liberal woman. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 5 days ago If I go around with a can of shaving cream and I spray each of these disruptors to block or mute their whistling, what criminal charges could I expect? A few hundred or thousand dollars worth of fines? permalink award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 2 points 5 days ago Convenient, now they can also use it as a rape whistle for when one of the migrants jumps them. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 2 points 4 days ago She’s asking for a little unwanted sexual advances. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 2 points 4 days ago Tell me these dog-faced White liberal females all don't have a rape fantasy that includes a shitskin of some type. The female romantic fantasy books they read about being taken against their will by a some dashing handsome negroid of some type won't be anything like reality where they get tortured, gang raped then beaten to death. permalink award report block reply schmolck 2 points 4 days ago Women are very simple animals. When they feel the invaders are more masculine they will side with them. That's it.
No intelligence, no awareness, no morality. permalink award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 2 points 4 days ago She's assisting to help foreign countries invade America. What would you do with people like this?   I mean you can't deport her to anywhere.  What can you do?   We can't have her here that's for sure.  The existence of saboteurs among our own ranks is unacceptable. permalink award report block reply HenkZeilstra 2 points 4 days ago Liberal women are a cancer to society permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 2 points 5 days ago Let them fall victim to the criminals they're "saving" permalink award report block reply Jappletime 2 points 4 days ago What a dumb bitch. And I am a bitch so I can say this ! permalink award report block reply Deplorable556 2 points 4 days ago one week later: omg i was assaulted and raped by an illegal alien. i started blowing my whistle but ended up blowing his. permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 5 days ago So arrest them for interference or aiding and abetting.  Easy permalink award report block reply Dev404 2 points 5 days ago Women love proving why they shouldn't have the rights of adults. permalink award report block reply Skogin 2 points 5 days ago SHE’S MAKING A DIFFERENCE permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 4 days ago Sooner or later you need a kill on sight order and strict martial law curfew. Libtards who resist this gets shot too. Fuck your democracy. We fuck you up. permalink award report block reply GoldwaterVoter 2 points 5 days ago Does the whistle also work on Chicago's South Side?? permalink award report block reply Psalm-118_24 1 points 4 days ago When one of the illegals slits her throat her whistle will no longer work. permalink award report block reply mlstrass 1 points 4 days ago Retarded bitches are all over in towns near me... permalink award report block reply CommieCrats 1 points 4 days ago Rape me too whistle permalink award report block reply MAGAdadUSA 1 points 4 days ago Don’t people have lives?  I barely have enough time to take a dump during the day. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 4 days ago They need to be sterilized. permalink award report block reply WhereEaglesDare 1 points 4 days ago Jail them until all the illegals have been deported. permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 4 days ago Bleeding heart liberals are the problem, change my mind. permalink award report block reply rugburnd 1 points 4 days ago If you see something.....blow one? permalink award report block reply joa2eEri 1 points 5 days ago I’m an American citizen - I’m safe. permalink award report block reply 26magarat 1 points 4 days ago Gives a new meaning to the term "rape whistle." permalink award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 4 days ago White liberal bitches? Is there a dumber animal in the world? permalink award report block reply DrTar 1 points 4 days ago Chicago is looking at accumulated snow and cold this weekend. I doubt many are going to be out there in the weather when it arrives. permalink award report block reply Shaffro 1 points 4 days ago Someone should shove the whistle down her throat. permalink award report block reply Easzq8 1 points 5 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink award report block reply brewser724 1 points 5 days ago Keep playing yourself stupid idiots. Its getting funny watching from here. permalink award report block reply asiatrails 1 points 5 days ago I wonder how many of them are EBT swallowers? permalink award report block reply linthat22 1 points 4 days ago Of course she's white and retarded. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 days ago These people will continue to get emboldened because they think they're freedom fighters. I just want us to get to the fight already, its inevitable. permalink award report block reply ScamBlondie 1 points 4 days ago Nobody’s going to have any idea what they mean, and they’ll just look like retards wandering around blowing whistles permalink award report block reply Kilroy 1 points 4 days ago The fact that people can post these videos and not be immediately arrested is an indictment against DOJ who's motto seems to be; "Talk loudly and carry a big feather. permalink award report block reply Cnn_is_fanfiction 1 points 4 days ago Giboney v. Empire Storage & Ice Co. (1949) held that speech integral to illegal conduct isn’t protected by the First Amendment. permalink award report block reply TRexScrotum 1 points 4 days ago I live in the area she is talking about. People in general can’t even proficiently operate a motor vehicle. They’re dumb as fuck. See exhibit A. These recruiters need to get back to me ASAP - I want out. permalink award report block reply fazaman 1 points 4 days ago It's a "rape whistle", but instead of warning of the racist, it's a warning for the racist! Genius! permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 4 days ago I am beginning to think something akin to the "Havana Syndrome" has been used on large potions of the population primary cites. The insanity and non use of critical thinking has exploded recently. permalink award report block reply SirBuzzKillingtonVI 1 points 5 days ago She deserves whatever the invaders do to her. permalink award report block reply nemonster 1 points 4 days ago I though they were advertising for bj.
Oh well, anyway. permalink award report block reply DT170x 1 points 5 days ago I pretty sure those whistles will be utterly useless when you are getting raped by a wild wildebeest. permalink award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Men do it too. permalink award report block reply Manuel4321 1 points 4 days ago "You shout like that they put you in jail. Right away. No trial, no nothing". "You are stealing: right to jail. You are playing music too loud: right to jail, right away". "You undercook fish? Believe it or not, jail". "You overcook chicken, also jail". permalink award report block reply SALTY-OGRE 1 points 4 days ago Arrest these SCUMBAG COMMIECUMHOLES for interfering with the law and disorderly conduct. ENOUGH OF THESE LOW IQ SHITSTAINS. permalink award report block reply pedeypete 1 points 4 days ago That face you give when the rapists you save from the police think you're too fucking ugly to rape. permalink award report block reply ScoobyDum 1 points 4 days ago Worthless bitch would not dare do this on the south side. The ghetto blacks would see her as a snack permalink award report block reply Wupta PRO 1 points 5 days ago This is going to sound vulgar but what they seriously lack in their lives are masculine men that fuck then hard. They should be stay home moms and not this destroyed feminist lost witches. permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 0 points 4 days ago Step up then permalink parent award report block reply AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago They've got the free time to do this instead of volunteering for charity work? Tells you this is absolutely about virtue-signalling! permalink award report block reply infinitysupreme 1 points 4 days ago They have found a way to make rape whistles even gayer and stupider.   There is no bottom to their self hating anti-Americanism. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 5 days ago Which is why they deserve what they get permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 4 days ago Every time some faggot on my neighborhood app posts an ICE alert...I post the phone number for ICE. Fuck these cretins up their asses, sideways, with a pineapple. permalink award report block reply Sunnywindows 1 points 4 days ago Those whistles might come in handy when these women are attacked by the illegals they are trying to protect. permalink award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago Repeal the 19th permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 1 points 4 days ago White Liberal Women are Ass Cancer permalink award report block reply Deplorable_Pede 1 points 5 days ago Some are probably paid to do it permalink award report block reply HepRob -1 points 5 days ago They're trying to save illegal immigrants. There's nothing in the video about sex offenders. permalink award report block reply mlp67 2 points 4 days ago Who do you think ICE is arresting? The illegals that have criminal records are their main target! permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 4 days ago I thought ICE was bringing in ALL illegal migrants. Whether they have other crimes on their records or not. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 1 points 4 days ago If they come across a regular (non-criminal but still illegally here-same thing) while in pursuit of those with criminal records, they will bring them in too. That is the law, that is their job. permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 3 days ago Yes it is. But no one said anything about convicted sex offenders. There MIGHT be some in there, but this post is trying to make it sound like lefties are specifically looking to save sex offenders. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... AlmostFullyDilated -1 points 4 days ago I hope she gets raped and murdered by an illegal permalink award report block reply Lepr -1 points 5 days ago Don't arrest them. Make the arrests right in front of them and prove that they're as impotent as we all know they are. Then we need to repeal the 19th. permalink award report block reply USNVET71 -8 points 4 days ago Either shoot this cunt or throw this fucking piece of shit in jail. permalink award report block reply LineInTheSand -8 points 5 days ago They should absolutely be arrested for this. Sorry, but it is protected by the First Amendment.  It is no different than using the Waze app to alert other drivers of a speed trap. permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ 4 points 5 days ago Calling a mob who assaults federal agents and smashes on their vehicles isn't protected speech. In the same way blocking roads or firebombing isn't peaceful protest. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -6 points 5 days ago Stop with the straw man fallacy.  That isn't what the tweet says.  Alerting others of the presence of ICE by using a whistle is not the same as calling in a mob to assault them.  The latter would be very illegal and I would not support it. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago I think I can help you out here.  The latter is the point and the plan.  Does that make sense now? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -2 points 5 days ago Can you prove that was the intent in a court of law?  You would need some communication from the defendant proving they pre-planned such actions. Short of that, you can charge everyone who physically gets in the way of ICE with obstruction of justice, as well as other crimes. We can not charge people for simply blowing a whistle.  I will defend the Constitution, even if it is for my enemy. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... ManOfThePeople 3 points 5 days ago Assisting criminals in evasion is protected by the first amendment? Sounds like the first amendment needs to be amended. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago There is a fine line between alerting people of the arrival of police and providing material aid to assist someone in escaping. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 3 points 5 days ago there are differences… permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 3 points 5 days ago aiding and abetting explicitly foreign actors permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago Aiding and abetting is not applicable.  An "aiding and abetting" charge means someone is accused of assisting another person in a crime by intentionally facilitating, encouraging, or helping with the commission of the offense. The crimes people have been charged with are obstruction of justice, and harboring an illegal alien.  Obstruction requires some form of physical interference.  Harboring requires knowingly allowing them in your home with the intent to avoid law enforcement.  Blowing a whistle to alert others of the presence of ICE does not qualify as either crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Prandogolio 0 points 5 days ago You're a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 0 points 4 days ago I'm willing to engage in civil discussion here.  Name-calling is not engaging in discussion.  You're getting blocked. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago I don't care if a retard blocks me permalink parent award report block reply TheDarkEmperor 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 99 points 5 days ago They need to save their brown smelly rapists from deportation so that they can virtue signal on Instagram about how they feel unsafe around men. Also note how this AWFL is sticking to the north side and won't go to the south side. Racist bitch. permalink award report block reply grandfather_nurgle 29 points 5 days ago I spend entire days thinking about what we  are going to do about white women. Frankly, I think we have failed as men. Gen X and millennials. Not entirely our fault. Like the boomers we were desensitized by goyvision and corn syrup but we should have fought back. I hope it’s not too late. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 23 points 5 days ago The last of the millennial ones are quickly approaching the wall. And zoomer women on both sides of the political aisle have little interest at best in marriage or kids. It's gonna get bad. Real bad. permalink parent award report block reply Sig229 11 points 5 days ago We have reached the point where we have to seriously look at taking the vote away from women. We all have women we love and are intelligent but collectively they are as dumb as fuck and the globalists have them leashed by a nosering. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 4 days ago view 1 more comments... HKFan -5 points 4 days ago How voting should work: Men - upon turning 18 they vote themselves.  When we marry we vote for the wife, when we have children we vote for them.  Every child born in wedlock is another vote that man gets to cast.  Upon a daughter turning 18 the father no longer gets to cast her vote and she will not have a vote until she marries at which point it moves to the husband permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Most women over 30 have no retirement savings and shit credit. A lot of them are suffering mental breakdowns as they go into menopause realizing childlessness is miserable and lonely, and a "career" in HR wasn't worth it at all. permalink parent award report block reply givethismanacoat 10 points 5 days ago Boomers weren't aware of the deep state. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 18 points 5 days ago Lol, you think the Deep State is a new idea? Google the John Birch Society and tell me how original you think the Tea Party was. Boy, we've been out here before you were born. permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 4 days ago And what'd you do about it? Aside from G.L. Rockwell? permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 3 points 4 days ago You can't be serious. Like any generation those who bother themselves to pay even the smallest bit of attention have been trying to tell anyone who would listen that it's all been a lie since Sen. Joe McCarthy exposed them all. And it has  finally started to work on the normies  as the information is out there easily found  everywhere on the web. It took decades but here we are. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 8 points 5 days ago My worry is that we've screwed them to beyond repair, except for extreme actions that we aren't willing to take so our while society will die and be replaced with Islam, because they have mechanisms for fixing them.   They were so broken it might take shari'a to fix them, but they keep voting for it already. So I guess that's just how it's gonna go.    Unless white males are willing to do unspeakable things that would get them thrown in jail to save their civilization.         Our forefathers were willing to, but I think we've lost the spirit. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 5 points 4 days ago When the power goes out, they'll come to you. You won't have to "do" anything. They're larping in a world created by men. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 4 days ago Charlie Kirk spoke about this many time. get married
have as many kids as you can
focus on family. sounds easy. Finding a worthy women is key. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... ColonelKlink 12 points 5 days ago You can't fix this kind of stupid. They'll get what they have coming to them. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 4 days ago Repurposing rape whistles. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 5 points 5 days ago Ngl you’ve been schizo for a while; but 15 million dead gen z has radicalized me. Turn the groypers loose on these hoes. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 4 days ago but in the north side that is where they all have their illegals at their homes cleaning them and doing their yards and paying them a cheaper wage, they don't want their cheap slaves being taken away, cause then they would either have to clean their own homes or pay a white or black person more to clean them and their lawns permalink parent award report block reply parttimefed 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
grandfather_nurgle 29 points 5 days ago I spend entire days thinking about what we  are going to do about white women. Frankly, I think we have failed as men. Gen X and millennials. Not entirely our fault. Like the boomers we were desensitized by goyvision and corn syrup but we should have fought back. I hope it’s not too late. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 23 points 5 days ago The last of the millennial ones are quickly approaching the wall. And zoomer women on both sides of the political aisle have little interest at best in marriage or kids. It's gonna get bad. Real bad. permalink parent award report block reply Sig229 11 points 5 days ago We have reached the point where we have to seriously look at taking the vote away from women. We all have women we love and are intelligent but collectively they are as dumb as fuck and the globalists have them leashed by a nosering. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 4 days ago view 1 more comments... HKFan -5 points 4 days ago How voting should work: Men - upon turning 18 they vote themselves.  When we marry we vote for the wife, when we have children we vote for them.  Every child born in wedlock is another vote that man gets to cast.  Upon a daughter turning 18 the father no longer gets to cast her vote and she will not have a vote until she marries at which point it moves to the husband permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Most women over 30 have no retirement savings and shit credit. A lot of them are suffering mental breakdowns as they go into menopause realizing childlessness is miserable and lonely, and a "career" in HR wasn't worth it at all. permalink parent award report block reply givethismanacoat 10 points 5 days ago Boomers weren't aware of the deep state. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 18 points 5 days ago Lol, you think the Deep State is a new idea? Google the John Birch Society and tell me how original you think the Tea Party was. Boy, we've been out here before you were born. permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 4 days ago And what'd you do about it? Aside from G.L. Rockwell? permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 3 points 4 days ago You can't be serious. Like any generation those who bother themselves to pay even the smallest bit of attention have been trying to tell anyone who would listen that it's all been a lie since Sen. Joe McCarthy exposed them all. And it has  finally started to work on the normies  as the information is out there easily found  everywhere on the web. It took decades but here we are. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 8 points 5 days ago My worry is that we've screwed them to beyond repair, except for extreme actions that we aren't willing to take so our while society will die and be replaced with Islam, because they have mechanisms for fixing them.   They were so broken it might take shari'a to fix them, but they keep voting for it already. So I guess that's just how it's gonna go.    Unless white males are willing to do unspeakable things that would get them thrown in jail to save their civilization.         Our forefathers were willing to, but I think we've lost the spirit. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 5 points 4 days ago When the power goes out, they'll come to you. You won't have to "do" anything. They're larping in a world created by men. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriot 5 points 4 days ago Charlie Kirk spoke about this many time. get married
have as many kids as you can
focus on family. sounds easy. Finding a worthy women is key. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
IncredibleMrE1 23 points 5 days ago The last of the millennial ones are quickly approaching the wall. And zoomer women on both sides of the political aisle have little interest at best in marriage or kids. It's gonna get bad. Real bad. permalink parent award report block reply Sig229 11 points 5 days ago We have reached the point where we have to seriously look at taking the vote away from women. We all have women we love and are intelligent but collectively they are as dumb as fuck and the globalists have them leashed by a nosering. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 4 days ago view 1 more comments... HKFan -5 points 4 days ago How voting should work: Men - upon turning 18 they vote themselves.  When we marry we vote for the wife, when we have children we vote for them.  Every child born in wedlock is another vote that man gets to cast.  Upon a daughter turning 18 the father no longer gets to cast her vote and she will not have a vote until she marries at which point it moves to the husband permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Most women over 30 have no retirement savings and shit credit. A lot of them are suffering mental breakdowns as they go into menopause realizing childlessness is miserable and lonely, and a "career" in HR wasn't worth it at all. permalink parent award report block reply
Sig229 11 points 5 days ago We have reached the point where we have to seriously look at taking the vote away from women. We all have women we love and are intelligent but collectively they are as dumb as fuck and the globalists have them leashed by a nosering. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 4 days ago view 1 more comments... HKFan -5 points 4 days ago How voting should work: Men - upon turning 18 they vote themselves.  When we marry we vote for the wife, when we have children we vote for them.  Every child born in wedlock is another vote that man gets to cast.  Upon a daughter turning 18 the father no longer gets to cast her vote and she will not have a vote until she marries at which point it moves to the husband permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
deleted 7 points 4 days ago view 1 more comments...
HKFan -5 points 4 days ago How voting should work: Men - upon turning 18 they vote themselves.  When we marry we vote for the wife, when we have children we vote for them.  Every child born in wedlock is another vote that man gets to cast.  Upon a daughter turning 18 the father no longer gets to cast her vote and she will not have a vote until she marries at which point it moves to the husband permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Most women over 30 have no retirement savings and shit credit. A lot of them are suffering mental breakdowns as they go into menopause realizing childlessness is miserable and lonely, and a "career" in HR wasn't worth it at all. permalink parent award report block reply
givethismanacoat 10 points 5 days ago Boomers weren't aware of the deep state. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 18 points 5 days ago Lol, you think the Deep State is a new idea? Google the John Birch Society and tell me how original you think the Tea Party was. Boy, we've been out here before you were born. permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 4 days ago And what'd you do about it? Aside from G.L. Rockwell? permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 3 points 4 days ago You can't be serious. Like any generation those who bother themselves to pay even the smallest bit of attention have been trying to tell anyone who would listen that it's all been a lie since Sen. Joe McCarthy exposed them all. And it has  finally started to work on the normies  as the information is out there easily found  everywhere on the web. It took decades but here we are. permalink parent award report block reply
Spindle-spin 18 points 5 days ago Lol, you think the Deep State is a new idea? Google the John Birch Society and tell me how original you think the Tea Party was. Boy, we've been out here before you were born. permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 4 days ago And what'd you do about it? Aside from G.L. Rockwell? permalink parent award report block reply
PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 4 days ago And what'd you do about it? Aside from G.L. Rockwell? permalink parent award report block reply
DieHeretic 3 points 4 days ago You can't be serious. Like any generation those who bother themselves to pay even the smallest bit of attention have been trying to tell anyone who would listen that it's all been a lie since Sen. Joe McCarthy exposed them all. And it has  finally started to work on the normies  as the information is out there easily found  everywhere on the web. It took decades but here we are. permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 8 points 5 days ago My worry is that we've screwed them to beyond repair, except for extreme actions that we aren't willing to take so our while society will die and be replaced with Islam, because they have mechanisms for fixing them.   They were so broken it might take shari'a to fix them, but they keep voting for it already. So I guess that's just how it's gonna go.    Unless white males are willing to do unspeakable things that would get them thrown in jail to save their civilization.         Our forefathers were willing to, but I think we've lost the spirit. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 5 points 4 days ago When the power goes out, they'll come to you. You won't have to "do" anything. They're larping in a world created by men. permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriot 5 points 4 days ago Charlie Kirk spoke about this many time. get married
have as many kids as you can
focus on family. sounds easy. Finding a worthy women is key. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 12 points 5 days ago You can't fix this kind of stupid. They'll get what they have coming to them. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 4 days ago Repurposing rape whistles. permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 1 points 4 days ago Repurposing rape whistles. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 5 points 5 days ago Ngl you’ve been schizo for a while; but 15 million dead gen z has radicalized me. Turn the groypers loose on these hoes. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 1 points 4 days ago but in the north side that is where they all have their illegals at their homes cleaning them and doing their yards and paying them a cheaper wage, they don't want their cheap slaves being taken away, cause then they would either have to clean their own homes or pay a white or black person more to clean them and their lawns permalink parent award report block reply
parttimefed 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Spiritof2015 38 points 5 days ago Blowing a whistle to alert illegal aliens of an ICE raid is “attempting to shield from detection” under 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a)(1)(A)(iii). “knowing or in reckless disregard of the fact that an alien has come to, entered, or remains in the United States in violation of law, conceals, harbors, or shields from detection, or attempts to conceal, harbor, or shield from detection, such alien...” Up to 5 years in prison and/or fine under Title 18. permalink award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago That would be an extremely hard charge to prove in court.  To be found guilty, the government must prove the accused person harbored, hid, or shielded an alien from detection.  Blowing a whistle does not do any of those. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 19 points 5 days ago It's an attempt to shield from detection as I said. Warning the alien of ICE location attempts to prevent ICE detection. U.S. v. Costello (7th Cir. 2011): Woman texted “ICE is here” → sentenced to 1 year (downward variance from 5-year max due to minor role). permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago She wasn't convicted simply for texting.  She harbored the illegal in her home.  Try again. Informing others of the presence of law enforcement is not illegal.  Otherwise, the Waze app would be shut down. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 11 points 5 days ago You clearly don't know what you're talking about. Don't waste my time with fiction. Try not being totally wrong. Warning him was illegal and she was arrested for it. The Costello courts never found, charged, or even alleged that she was “harboring” him in the classic sense (providing shelter, food, or a place to stay).  They dated and had previously lived together (at some earlier point), but not at the time of the offense.  She was at a bar; he was elsewhere (exact location not specified, but not with her).
After the text he fled; she was arrested at the bar. No evidence she ever hid him afterward. U.S. v. Ye (9th Cir. 2014) — Factory owner saw ICE enter, waved arms and yelled “La Migra!”; workers fled out back. Convicted — 30 months prison. U.S. v. Lopez (5th Cir. 2008) — Smuggling stash-house lookout used walkie-talkie: “They’re here” when ICE arrived. Convicted — 36 months. U.S. v. De Jesus-Batres (9th Cir. 2005) — Driver texted ahead to van carrying 10 aliens: “Checkpoint ahead, turn around.” Convicted — 24 months. U.S. v. Shumway (10th Cir. 1997) — Truck driver flashed headlights to warn following van of Border Patrol stop. Convicted — 12 months. U.S. v. Kim (N.D. Cal. 2018) — Restaurant manager posted in staff WeChat group: “ICE at front, use back door.” Pled guilty — 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Nikola_S1 6 points 4 days ago In this case she admitted to it, right? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago What did she admit to? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 4 days ago That she shields illegal aliens from detection. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 5 points 4 days ago Her video certainly indicates her intent. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago Her video is about alerting others of the location of law enforcement.  If there is any intent beyond that, it isn't directly stated. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago She explicitly stated that she was trying to warn of ICE activity which constitutes impeding an investigation or attempting to hinder them from doing their job. She is committing a crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... QSWO1 1 points 4 days ago Both should be happy to see the last door they walk Thru. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust 1 points 4 days ago She literally posted a video of her intentions with the whistle. This would be easy to prove. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago I don't have a Twitter account.  If her intentions are malicious, could you provide a link to it? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago That would be an extremely hard charge to prove in court.  To be found guilty, the government must prove the accused person harbored, hid, or shielded an alien from detection.  Blowing a whistle does not do any of those. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 19 points 5 days ago It's an attempt to shield from detection as I said. Warning the alien of ICE location attempts to prevent ICE detection. U.S. v. Costello (7th Cir. 2011): Woman texted “ICE is here” → sentenced to 1 year (downward variance from 5-year max due to minor role). permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago She wasn't convicted simply for texting.  She harbored the illegal in her home.  Try again. Informing others of the presence of law enforcement is not illegal.  Otherwise, the Waze app would be shut down. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 11 points 5 days ago You clearly don't know what you're talking about. Don't waste my time with fiction. Try not being totally wrong. Warning him was illegal and she was arrested for it. The Costello courts never found, charged, or even alleged that she was “harboring” him in the classic sense (providing shelter, food, or a place to stay).  They dated and had previously lived together (at some earlier point), but not at the time of the offense.  She was at a bar; he was elsewhere (exact location not specified, but not with her).
After the text he fled; she was arrested at the bar. No evidence she ever hid him afterward. U.S. v. Ye (9th Cir. 2014) — Factory owner saw ICE enter, waved arms and yelled “La Migra!”; workers fled out back. Convicted — 30 months prison. U.S. v. Lopez (5th Cir. 2008) — Smuggling stash-house lookout used walkie-talkie: “They’re here” when ICE arrived. Convicted — 36 months. U.S. v. De Jesus-Batres (9th Cir. 2005) — Driver texted ahead to van carrying 10 aliens: “Checkpoint ahead, turn around.” Convicted — 24 months. U.S. v. Shumway (10th Cir. 1997) — Truck driver flashed headlights to warn following van of Border Patrol stop. Convicted — 12 months. U.S. v. Kim (N.D. Cal. 2018) — Restaurant manager posted in staff WeChat group: “ICE at front, use back door.” Pled guilty — 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Nikola_S1 6 points 4 days ago In this case she admitted to it, right? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago What did she admit to? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 4 days ago That she shields illegal aliens from detection. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 5 points 4 days ago Her video certainly indicates her intent. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago Her video is about alerting others of the location of law enforcement.  If there is any intent beyond that, it isn't directly stated. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago She explicitly stated that she was trying to warn of ICE activity which constitutes impeding an investigation or attempting to hinder them from doing their job. She is committing a crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... QSWO1 1 points 4 days ago Both should be happy to see the last door they walk Thru. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust 1 points 4 days ago She literally posted a video of her intentions with the whistle. This would be easy to prove. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago I don't have a Twitter account.  If her intentions are malicious, could you provide a link to it? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Spiritof2015 19 points 5 days ago It's an attempt to shield from detection as I said. Warning the alien of ICE location attempts to prevent ICE detection. U.S. v. Costello (7th Cir. 2011): Woman texted “ICE is here” → sentenced to 1 year (downward variance from 5-year max due to minor role). permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago She wasn't convicted simply for texting.  She harbored the illegal in her home.  Try again. Informing others of the presence of law enforcement is not illegal.  Otherwise, the Waze app would be shut down. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 11 points 5 days ago You clearly don't know what you're talking about. Don't waste my time with fiction. Try not being totally wrong. Warning him was illegal and she was arrested for it. The Costello courts never found, charged, or even alleged that she was “harboring” him in the classic sense (providing shelter, food, or a place to stay).  They dated and had previously lived together (at some earlier point), but not at the time of the offense.  She was at a bar; he was elsewhere (exact location not specified, but not with her).
After the text he fled; she was arrested at the bar. No evidence she ever hid him afterward. U.S. v. Ye (9th Cir. 2014) — Factory owner saw ICE enter, waved arms and yelled “La Migra!”; workers fled out back. Convicted — 30 months prison. U.S. v. Lopez (5th Cir. 2008) — Smuggling stash-house lookout used walkie-talkie: “They’re here” when ICE arrived. Convicted — 36 months. U.S. v. De Jesus-Batres (9th Cir. 2005) — Driver texted ahead to van carrying 10 aliens: “Checkpoint ahead, turn around.” Convicted — 24 months. U.S. v. Shumway (10th Cir. 1997) — Truck driver flashed headlights to warn following van of Border Patrol stop. Convicted — 12 months. U.S. v. Kim (N.D. Cal. 2018) — Restaurant manager posted in staff WeChat group: “ICE at front, use back door.” Pled guilty — 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago She wasn't convicted simply for texting.  She harbored the illegal in her home.  Try again. Informing others of the presence of law enforcement is not illegal.  Otherwise, the Waze app would be shut down. permalink parent award report block reply Spiritof2015 11 points 5 days ago You clearly don't know what you're talking about. Don't waste my time with fiction. Try not being totally wrong. Warning him was illegal and she was arrested for it. The Costello courts never found, charged, or even alleged that she was “harboring” him in the classic sense (providing shelter, food, or a place to stay).  They dated and had previously lived together (at some earlier point), but not at the time of the offense.  She was at a bar; he was elsewhere (exact location not specified, but not with her).
After the text he fled; she was arrested at the bar. No evidence she ever hid him afterward. U.S. v. Ye (9th Cir. 2014) — Factory owner saw ICE enter, waved arms and yelled “La Migra!”; workers fled out back. Convicted — 30 months prison. U.S. v. Lopez (5th Cir. 2008) — Smuggling stash-house lookout used walkie-talkie: “They’re here” when ICE arrived. Convicted — 36 months. U.S. v. De Jesus-Batres (9th Cir. 2005) — Driver texted ahead to van carrying 10 aliens: “Checkpoint ahead, turn around.” Convicted — 24 months. U.S. v. Shumway (10th Cir. 1997) — Truck driver flashed headlights to warn following van of Border Patrol stop. Convicted — 12 months. U.S. v. Kim (N.D. Cal. 2018) — Restaurant manager posted in staff WeChat group: “ICE at front, use back door.” Pled guilty — 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Spiritof2015 11 points 5 days ago You clearly don't know what you're talking about. Don't waste my time with fiction. Try not being totally wrong. Warning him was illegal and she was arrested for it. The Costello courts never found, charged, or even alleged that she was “harboring” him in the classic sense (providing shelter, food, or a place to stay).  They dated and had previously lived together (at some earlier point), but not at the time of the offense.  She was at a bar; he was elsewhere (exact location not specified, but not with her).
After the text he fled; she was arrested at the bar. No evidence she ever hid him afterward. U.S. v. Ye (9th Cir. 2014) — Factory owner saw ICE enter, waved arms and yelled “La Migra!”; workers fled out back. Convicted — 30 months prison. U.S. v. Lopez (5th Cir. 2008) — Smuggling stash-house lookout used walkie-talkie: “They’re here” when ICE arrived. Convicted — 36 months. U.S. v. De Jesus-Batres (9th Cir. 2005) — Driver texted ahead to van carrying 10 aliens: “Checkpoint ahead, turn around.” Convicted — 24 months. U.S. v. Shumway (10th Cir. 1997) — Truck driver flashed headlights to warn following van of Border Patrol stop. Convicted — 12 months. U.S. v. Kim (N.D. Cal. 2018) — Restaurant manager posted in staff WeChat group: “ICE at front, use back door.” Pled guilty — 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Nikola_S1 6 points 4 days ago In this case she admitted to it, right? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago What did she admit to? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 4 days ago That she shields illegal aliens from detection. permalink parent award report block reply
LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago What did she admit to? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 4 days ago That she shields illegal aliens from detection. permalink parent award report block reply
Nikola_S1 1 points 4 days ago That she shields illegal aliens from detection. permalink parent award report block reply
JackOfAllTirades 5 points 4 days ago Her video certainly indicates her intent. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago Her video is about alerting others of the location of law enforcement.  If there is any intent beyond that, it isn't directly stated. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago She explicitly stated that she was trying to warn of ICE activity which constitutes impeding an investigation or attempting to hinder them from doing their job. She is committing a crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago Her video is about alerting others of the location of law enforcement.  If there is any intent beyond that, it isn't directly stated. permalink parent award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago She explicitly stated that she was trying to warn of ICE activity which constitutes impeding an investigation or attempting to hinder them from doing their job. She is committing a crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago She explicitly stated that she was trying to warn of ICE activity which constitutes impeding an investigation or attempting to hinder them from doing their job. She is committing a crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
QSWO1 1 points 4 days ago Both should be happy to see the last door they walk Thru. permalink parent award report block reply
Wanderlust 1 points 4 days ago She literally posted a video of her intentions with the whistle. This would be easy to prove. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago I don't have a Twitter account.  If her intentions are malicious, could you provide a link to it? permalink parent award report block reply
LineInTheSand 1 points 4 days ago I don't have a Twitter account.  If her intentions are malicious, could you provide a link to it? permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 26 points 5 days ago Leftist women are the first ones that need to be reducated and unbrainwashed. Followed by white leftist men. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 4 days ago They cannot be fixed. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 2 points 4 days ago They cannot be fixed. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Ikonoclast 26 points 5 days ago Rape whistles? Like come and get me? permalink award report block reply Skogin 21 points 5 days ago Like, “I don’t have weapons or common sense.” permalink parent award report block reply Odyssey 3 points 5 days ago Good thing is the kind of people ICE is arresting have too low IQ to be aware of the surrounding. permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 21 points 5 days ago Like, “I don’t have weapons or common sense.” permalink parent award report block reply
Odyssey 3 points 5 days ago Good thing is the kind of people ICE is arresting have too low IQ to be aware of the surrounding. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 23 points 5 days ago "An ugly woman has a grudge against the world." permalink award report block reply
Unboosted 18 points 5 days ago No not arrested. They will be raped for this and they will like it. Leftism is a mental disorder permalink award report block reply Harsh_Truth2 5 points 4 days ago E. JEAN CAROLL. RAPE IS SEXY permalink parent award report block reply
Harsh_Truth2 5 points 4 days ago E. JEAN CAROLL. RAPE IS SEXY permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 17 points 5 days ago Ok cool now I think everyone else should go around with whistles and just sound them in random places at random times for no reason so it creates a 'cry wolf' effect then people will eventually ignore it permalink award report block reply
DirkDiggler9er 17 points 5 days ago It's always the white Karen's 🙄 permalink award report block reply
Sarcastic_Otter 13 points 5 days ago That sounds a lot like aiding and abetting or at least obstruction.  They should be arrested, charged, tried & convicted under RICO since it is a conspiracy to commit a crime.  And since that would be a felony, they would not be allowed to vote ever again. permalink award report block reply Txiribiton 1 points 4 days ago But you need a serious deportation policy, not the current theatre. permalink parent award report block reply
Txiribiton 1 points 4 days ago But you need a serious deportation policy, not the current theatre. permalink parent award report block reply
Deltamyass 12 points 5 days ago Repeal the 19th permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 12 points 5 days ago End the 19th. permalink award report block reply
Knockoff 10 points 5 days ago Schools did a bang-up job teaching kids the highest virtue is to be an activist. No need to understand the consequences of your activism. permalink award report block reply
thisisatestof2 9 points 5 days ago Liberal white women have almost nonexistent preservation skills. Sad, yet fascinating permalink award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Considering their major voting issue is aborting their babies so they have more time for one-night stands with drug dealers? permalink parent award report block reply
PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 4 days ago Considering their major voting issue is aborting their babies so they have more time for one-night stands with drug dealers? permalink parent award report block reply
Fren20 9 points 5 days ago Look teach your sons to avoid these women, ignore them .do not let these women around your daughters or wives permalink award report block reply
ChickenStrips 8 points 5 days ago Once again, these liberal white chicks are the problem. permalink award report block reply
Infidel 8 points 5 days ago This reminds me of the White Feather movement of WWI in Britain. They feel powerful and have the attention and validation for a cause even though their cause is totally stupid. permalink award report block reply
AFPede 8 points 5 days ago Of course she’s white. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 8 points 5 days ago When SNAP gets reformed, it should be in person with ID and proof.  That should happen for all the benefits and the same for voting. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 5 points 5 days ago They have ID and proof. except for all the illegals haha California is home of illegals and follows no laws and needs to be  invaded for being a rogue state. permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriotParrot OP 5 points 5 days ago They have ID and proof. except for all the illegals haha California is home of illegals and follows no laws and needs to be  invaded for being a rogue state. permalink parent award report block reply
MythArcana 8 points 5 days ago Yet more AWFL bad ideas spewing out of their peabrains again. permalink award report block reply
givethismanacoat 8 points 5 days ago Would be a shame if whistles started blowing every where. permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 4 points 4 days ago Fog horns permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 3 points 4 days ago Ah Ooo Gah! permalink parent award report block reply Testamernt 2 points 5 days ago It occurs to me that this is the answer.  It would also generate constant fear, all the time if they kept hearing whistles everywhere they went as a bonus.  Then eventually, the fear goes away because of how often they hear them and nothing happens.    Until it does. permalink parent award report block reply bantar 1 points 4 days ago Head to the nearest Mercado for MAXIMUM FUN!!! permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpYouMagaFrenner 4 points 4 days ago Fog horns permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 3 points 4 days ago Ah Ooo Gah! permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 3 points 4 days ago Ah Ooo Gah! permalink parent award report block reply
Testamernt 2 points 5 days ago It occurs to me that this is the answer.  It would also generate constant fear, all the time if they kept hearing whistles everywhere they went as a bonus.  Then eventually, the fear goes away because of how often they hear them and nothing happens.    Until it does. permalink parent award report block reply
bantar 1 points 4 days ago Head to the nearest Mercado for MAXIMUM FUN!!! permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 8 points 5 days ago They’ve gone from rape whistles to “Rape me!” whistles… permalink award report block reply
Protonboy 7 points 5 days ago Why do I envision MAGA from practicing the whistle at odd times of the day, in these neighborhoods?? permalink award report block reply
Nate_Higgersalot 6 points 5 days ago The whistles go woo woooooo! permalink award report block reply
AmannamedRJ 6 points 5 days ago 18 U.S.C. § 111 — Assaulting, resisting, or impeding federal officers 18 U.S.C. § 372 — Conspiracy to impede or injure a federal officer 18 U.S.C. § 241 — Conspiracy against rights (using force or threats to stop officials or others from exercising lawful duties/rights) 18 U.S.C. § 1505 — Obstruction of proceedings before federal departments or agencies 18 U.S.C. § 1512(b) — Witness tampering / obstruction of justice (if warning or threatening interferes with investigation) 18 U.S.C. § 231(a)(3) — Civil disorder: obstructing or interfering with law enforcement during civil unrest 18 U.S.C. § 2101 — Anti-Riot Act (inciting, organizing, promoting, or carrying on a riot using interstate facilities) 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a)(1)(A)(iii) — Harboring, concealing, or shielding an undocumented alien from detection 8 U.S.C. § 1324(a)(1)(A)(v) — Aiding, abetting, or conspiring to help an undocumented alien avoid apprehension 18 U.S.C. § 1071 — Harboring or aiding a fugitive with a federal warrant 18 U.S.C. § 3 — Accessory after the fact (helping someone avoid arrest knowing they committed a federal crime) 18 U.S.C. § 2 — Aiding and abetting (participating in or encouraging any of the above offenses) Throw the book at her and give her the January 6ers treatment. permalink award report block reply
TerrorOfLiberals 6 points 5 days ago Those women are not very smart. I'll laugh when they face the inevitable consequences of their actions. I can't save them and at this point I won't bother trying. permalink award report block reply
oldftg 6 points 5 days ago Clear obstruction charge. permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 6 points 5 days ago Forget the sex offenders. They belong in jail. They are alerting the fraudsters and criminal parasite thieves that are "doing" the jobs that Americans "won't do". Those are the people ICE needs to deport the most. Sex offenders and gang members are already criminals and aren't competing for my job or apartments. The local cops can deal with sex offenders ans drug dealers. ICE needs to deport the people who are being illegally handed my job and apartment because I cant do anything about it. permalink award report block reply
thp2034 6 points 5 days ago Seriously...WTF is wrong with these people?
Yes, lets do, lets make it a community effort to free a rapist, murdering, pedo, illegal alien SOB from custody. Lets fuck with some Federal Agents, get pepper sprayed and then federally charged. Sound like fun! Idiots permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 5 days ago Communism permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 6 points 5 days ago Communism permalink parent award report block reply
Boomstikchik 6 points 5 days ago What's that mental illness where you want to protect your assailant? - yeah, that one. Yet another example of the complete smooth brain mentality of the left. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago Stockholm syndrome, women are dozens of times more likely to get it. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 6 points 5 days ago Women tend to let the barbarians in the gates as they are pathologically inclined to bring rapey dominant men to a society to replace the men they deem weak regardless of what it means for them... Once society stabilizes and finds it's wealth, women be subverting. The ultimate solution is to deny them political power in any serious society. It should be written in our new constitution when such a thing is created. And there needs to be ESSAYS upon essays as to exactly why women shouldn't vote. Our forefathers were so much wiser than us. permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 4 points 5 days ago Yup. That's the one. And the second half of your sentence is my point. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago Stockholm syndrome, women are dozens of times more likely to get it. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 6 points 5 days ago Women tend to let the barbarians in the gates as they are pathologically inclined to bring rapey dominant men to a society to replace the men they deem weak regardless of what it means for them... Once society stabilizes and finds it's wealth, women be subverting. The ultimate solution is to deny them political power in any serious society. It should be written in our new constitution when such a thing is created. And there needs to be ESSAYS upon essays as to exactly why women shouldn't vote. Our forefathers were so much wiser than us. permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 4 points 5 days ago Yup. That's the one. And the second half of your sentence is my point. permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ 6 points 5 days ago Women tend to let the barbarians in the gates as they are pathologically inclined to bring rapey dominant men to a society to replace the men they deem weak regardless of what it means for them... Once society stabilizes and finds it's wealth, women be subverting. The ultimate solution is to deny them political power in any serious society. It should be written in our new constitution when such a thing is created. And there needs to be ESSAYS upon essays as to exactly why women shouldn't vote. Our forefathers were so much wiser than us. permalink parent award report block reply
Boomstikchik 4 points 5 days ago Yup. That's the one. And the second half of your sentence is my point. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAguitar 6 points 5 days ago College educated white women. Pretty much sums it up. permalink award report block reply
DontTreadOnSnek 6 points 5 days ago Rape is sexy -- E. Jean Carol permalink award report block reply
Xahnel 6 points 5 days ago This is so easily abused, and can absolutely ruin the peace of mind of any illegal enclave. Let's start abusing this and ruining the peace of mind of illegal enclaves. permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 5 points 5 days ago Actually what needs to happen is when she invariably finds herself responsible for someone fleeing and still caught they should bring the person over and read his wrap sheet and ask her why she is protecting child rapists. Obviously arrest her but also show her photos of victims while in custody and ask her where were you when he was doing this? Why didn't you blow your whistle to protect this child? Take the opportunity to educate. Whether it sticks or not I think too many liberal white women are simply social media junkies and don't actually know what reality looks like or their place in it. Social media has gotten so fucking vile and so many people are consumed by it for hours on end every god damn day. They don't see what you see. They see a curated hate fest that melts their brain. permalink award report block reply
Dangerous 5 points 5 days ago Not before the Mayors and higher level officals are permalink award report block reply
realPhantomFuck 4 points 5 days ago The white liberal woman's suicidal empathy will be the downfall of the West permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 4 points 5 days ago Normies don’t realize that ICE/Border Patrol are facing extraordinary resistance in their operations in and around Chicago. Moreover, you have Obama/Biden judges thinking they can restrict their ability to operate. The Trump administration needs to clamp down hard on Chicago. Fuck the resistance, fuck the optics. They WILL submit to our authority! permalink award report block reply
Eddie_Vanjovi 4 points 5 days ago Such ugly, Godless people. permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 4 points 5 days ago I'm really starting to get onboard with removing women's right to vote. permalink award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 4 points 5 days ago This means you can blow a whistle and they will scatter permalink award report block reply
TheMAGAnificent 3 points 5 days ago "So how did you fight the Nazis?? With whistles!" They think they're saving the world from Hitler by using $2 temu whistles. permalink award report block reply
Cuck-WTF 3 points 5 days ago This is every HR employee deciding who works in every job therefore shaping every business under their religion of worshipping X chromosomes and melanin. permalink award report block reply
Counterwhat 3 points 4 days ago "It was always the women, and above all the young ones, who were the most bigoted adherents of the Party, the swallowers of slogans, the amateur spies and nosers−out of unorthodoxy." 1984 - George Orwell permalink award report block reply
emorphia 3 points 5 days ago maybe they should be forced to take in those illegals in their homes and live with them.  they want them to stay, let them feed them and pay for them.  i wonder if she will do the same after she has been molested by an illegal.  but she probably will say that he molester dont deserve punishment and that she is white so she deserves it.  these people are completely insane. permalink award report block reply
Fingerbang 3 points 5 days ago 'I'm helping!' permalink award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 2 points 4 days ago Can't wait for this ignorant Karen to be raped by one of these illegals whom she's protecting from being taken off the street. This is why I've been saying for a while now. ICE needs to announce what crimes their targets have committed while apprehending them. Show everyone all the rapes, murders of these illegals right on their ICE vehicles. Big signs. Use a loud speaker as well. Have the speaker state all the crimes their illegal alien target has committed and have it on repeat. So when these stupid Karen do-gooders think they're saving some innocent "migrant", it will be plastered everywhere that who they're protecting is a sicko criminal scumbag. Make all of their protest videos show and hear all of those crimes whenever they try to post them on Tiktok. permalink award report block reply
Alldayeveryday 2 points 4 days ago So a bunch of jobless worthless white liberal women permalink award report block reply AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago Cue the "Always has been" astronauts meme! permalink parent award report block reply
AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago Cue the "Always has been" astronauts meme! permalink parent award report block reply
Agent_Orange 2 points 4 days ago Seems like the whistles will soon become "come and get it" alerts. Where there's a whistle, there's a willing white liberal woman. permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 5 days ago If I go around with a can of shaving cream and I spray each of these disruptors to block or mute their whistling, what criminal charges could I expect? A few hundred or thousand dollars worth of fines? permalink award report block reply
PoohBearBalloon 2 points 5 days ago Convenient, now they can also use it as a rape whistle for when one of the migrants jumps them. permalink award report block reply
DCYR66 2 points 4 days ago She’s asking for a little unwanted sexual advances. permalink award report block reply
DieHeretic 2 points 4 days ago Tell me these dog-faced White liberal females all don't have a rape fantasy that includes a shitskin of some type. The female romantic fantasy books they read about being taken against their will by a some dashing handsome negroid of some type won't be anything like reality where they get tortured, gang raped then beaten to death. permalink award report block reply
schmolck 2 points 4 days ago Women are very simple animals. When they feel the invaders are more masculine they will side with them. That's it.
No intelligence, no awareness, no morality. permalink award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 2 points 4 days ago She's assisting to help foreign countries invade America. What would you do with people like this?   I mean you can't deport her to anywhere.  What can you do?   We can't have her here that's for sure.  The existence of saboteurs among our own ranks is unacceptable. permalink award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 2 points 4 days ago Liberal women are a cancer to society permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 2 points 5 days ago Let them fall victim to the criminals they're "saving" permalink award report block reply
Jappletime 2 points 4 days ago What a dumb bitch. And I am a bitch so I can say this ! permalink award report block reply
Deplorable556 2 points 4 days ago one week later: omg i was assaulted and raped by an illegal alien. i started blowing my whistle but ended up blowing his. permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 5 days ago So arrest them for interference or aiding and abetting.  Easy permalink award report block reply
Dev404 2 points 5 days ago Women love proving why they shouldn't have the rights of adults. permalink award report block reply
Skogin 2 points 5 days ago SHE’S MAKING A DIFFERENCE permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 4 days ago Sooner or later you need a kill on sight order and strict martial law curfew. Libtards who resist this gets shot too. Fuck your democracy. We fuck you up. permalink award report block reply
GoldwaterVoter 2 points 5 days ago Does the whistle also work on Chicago's South Side?? permalink award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 1 points 4 days ago When one of the illegals slits her throat her whistle will no longer work. permalink award report block reply
mlstrass 1 points 4 days ago Retarded bitches are all over in towns near me... permalink award report block reply
CommieCrats 1 points 4 days ago Rape me too whistle permalink award report block reply
MAGAdadUSA 1 points 4 days ago Don’t people have lives?  I barely have enough time to take a dump during the day. permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 1 points 4 days ago They need to be sterilized. permalink award report block reply
WhereEaglesDare 1 points 4 days ago Jail them until all the illegals have been deported. permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 4 days ago Bleeding heart liberals are the problem, change my mind. permalink award report block reply
rugburnd 1 points 4 days ago If you see something.....blow one? permalink award report block reply
joa2eEri 1 points 5 days ago I’m an American citizen - I’m safe. permalink award report block reply
26magarat 1 points 4 days ago Gives a new meaning to the term "rape whistle." permalink award report block reply
BBvarn 1 points 4 days ago White liberal bitches? Is there a dumber animal in the world? permalink award report block reply
DrTar 1 points 4 days ago Chicago is looking at accumulated snow and cold this weekend. I doubt many are going to be out there in the weather when it arrives. permalink award report block reply
Shaffro 1 points 4 days ago Someone should shove the whistle down her throat. permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 1 points 5 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink award report block reply
brewser724 1 points 5 days ago Keep playing yourself stupid idiots. Its getting funny watching from here. permalink award report block reply
asiatrails 1 points 5 days ago I wonder how many of them are EBT swallowers? permalink award report block reply
linthat22 1 points 4 days ago Of course she's white and retarded. permalink award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 days ago These people will continue to get emboldened because they think they're freedom fighters. I just want us to get to the fight already, its inevitable. permalink award report block reply
ScamBlondie 1 points 4 days ago Nobody’s going to have any idea what they mean, and they’ll just look like retards wandering around blowing whistles permalink award report block reply
Kilroy 1 points 4 days ago The fact that people can post these videos and not be immediately arrested is an indictment against DOJ who's motto seems to be; "Talk loudly and carry a big feather. permalink award report block reply
Cnn_is_fanfiction 1 points 4 days ago Giboney v. Empire Storage & Ice Co. (1949) held that speech integral to illegal conduct isn’t protected by the First Amendment. permalink award report block reply
TRexScrotum 1 points 4 days ago I live in the area she is talking about. People in general can’t even proficiently operate a motor vehicle. They’re dumb as fuck. See exhibit A. These recruiters need to get back to me ASAP - I want out. permalink award report block reply
fazaman 1 points 4 days ago It's a "rape whistle", but instead of warning of the racist, it's a warning for the racist! Genius! permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 4 days ago I am beginning to think something akin to the "Havana Syndrome" has been used on large potions of the population primary cites. The insanity and non use of critical thinking has exploded recently. permalink award report block reply
SirBuzzKillingtonVI 1 points 5 days ago She deserves whatever the invaders do to her. permalink award report block reply
nemonster 1 points 4 days ago I though they were advertising for bj.
Oh well, anyway. permalink award report block reply
DT170x 1 points 5 days ago I pretty sure those whistles will be utterly useless when you are getting raped by a wild wildebeest. permalink award report block reply
katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Men do it too. permalink award report block reply
Manuel4321 1 points 4 days ago "You shout like that they put you in jail. Right away. No trial, no nothing". "You are stealing: right to jail. You are playing music too loud: right to jail, right away". "You undercook fish? Believe it or not, jail". "You overcook chicken, also jail". permalink award report block reply
SALTY-OGRE 1 points 4 days ago Arrest these SCUMBAG COMMIECUMHOLES for interfering with the law and disorderly conduct. ENOUGH OF THESE LOW IQ SHITSTAINS. permalink award report block reply
pedeypete 1 points 4 days ago That face you give when the rapists you save from the police think you're too fucking ugly to rape. permalink award report block reply
ScoobyDum 1 points 4 days ago Worthless bitch would not dare do this on the south side. The ghetto blacks would see her as a snack permalink award report block reply
Wupta PRO 1 points 5 days ago This is going to sound vulgar but what they seriously lack in their lives are masculine men that fuck then hard. They should be stay home moms and not this destroyed feminist lost witches. permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 0 points 4 days ago Step up then permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpYouMagaFrenner 0 points 4 days ago Step up then permalink parent award report block reply
AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago They've got the free time to do this instead of volunteering for charity work? Tells you this is absolutely about virtue-signalling! permalink award report block reply
infinitysupreme 1 points 4 days ago They have found a way to make rape whistles even gayer and stupider.   There is no bottom to their self hating anti-Americanism. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 1 points 5 days ago Which is why they deserve what they get permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 4 days ago Every time some faggot on my neighborhood app posts an ICE alert...I post the phone number for ICE. Fuck these cretins up their asses, sideways, with a pineapple. permalink award report block reply
Sunnywindows 1 points 4 days ago Those whistles might come in handy when these women are attacked by the illegals they are trying to protect. permalink award report block reply
JackOfAllTirades 1 points 4 days ago Repeal the 19th permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 1 points 4 days ago White Liberal Women are Ass Cancer permalink award report block reply
Deplorable_Pede 1 points 5 days ago Some are probably paid to do it permalink award report block reply
HepRob -1 points 5 days ago They're trying to save illegal immigrants. There's nothing in the video about sex offenders. permalink award report block reply mlp67 2 points 4 days ago Who do you think ICE is arresting? The illegals that have criminal records are their main target! permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 4 days ago I thought ICE was bringing in ALL illegal migrants. Whether they have other crimes on their records or not. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 1 points 4 days ago If they come across a regular (non-criminal but still illegally here-same thing) while in pursuit of those with criminal records, they will bring them in too. That is the law, that is their job. permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 3 days ago Yes it is. But no one said anything about convicted sex offenders. There MIGHT be some in there, but this post is trying to make it sound like lefties are specifically looking to save sex offenders. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
mlp67 2 points 4 days ago Who do you think ICE is arresting? The illegals that have criminal records are their main target! permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 4 days ago I thought ICE was bringing in ALL illegal migrants. Whether they have other crimes on their records or not. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 1 points 4 days ago If they come across a regular (non-criminal but still illegally here-same thing) while in pursuit of those with criminal records, they will bring them in too. That is the law, that is their job. permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 3 days ago Yes it is. But no one said anything about convicted sex offenders. There MIGHT be some in there, but this post is trying to make it sound like lefties are specifically looking to save sex offenders. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
HepRob 0 points 4 days ago I thought ICE was bringing in ALL illegal migrants. Whether they have other crimes on their records or not. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 1 points 4 days ago If they come across a regular (non-criminal but still illegally here-same thing) while in pursuit of those with criminal records, they will bring them in too. That is the law, that is their job. permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 3 days ago Yes it is. But no one said anything about convicted sex offenders. There MIGHT be some in there, but this post is trying to make it sound like lefties are specifically looking to save sex offenders. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
mlp67 1 points 4 days ago If they come across a regular (non-criminal but still illegally here-same thing) while in pursuit of those with criminal records, they will bring them in too. That is the law, that is their job. permalink parent award report block reply HepRob 0 points 3 days ago Yes it is. But no one said anything about convicted sex offenders. There MIGHT be some in there, but this post is trying to make it sound like lefties are specifically looking to save sex offenders. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
HepRob 0 points 3 days ago Yes it is. But no one said anything about convicted sex offenders. There MIGHT be some in there, but this post is trying to make it sound like lefties are specifically looking to save sex offenders. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
AlmostFullyDilated -1 points 4 days ago I hope she gets raped and murdered by an illegal permalink award report block reply
Lepr -1 points 5 days ago Don't arrest them. Make the arrests right in front of them and prove that they're as impotent as we all know they are. Then we need to repeal the 19th. permalink award report block reply
USNVET71 -8 points 4 days ago Either shoot this cunt or throw this fucking piece of shit in jail. permalink award report block reply
LineInTheSand -8 points 5 days ago They should absolutely be arrested for this. Sorry, but it is protected by the First Amendment.  It is no different than using the Waze app to alert other drivers of a speed trap. permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ 4 points 5 days ago Calling a mob who assaults federal agents and smashes on their vehicles isn't protected speech. In the same way blocking roads or firebombing isn't peaceful protest. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -6 points 5 days ago Stop with the straw man fallacy.  That isn't what the tweet says.  Alerting others of the presence of ICE by using a whistle is not the same as calling in a mob to assault them.  The latter would be very illegal and I would not support it. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago I think I can help you out here.  The latter is the point and the plan.  Does that make sense now? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -2 points 5 days ago Can you prove that was the intent in a court of law?  You would need some communication from the defendant proving they pre-planned such actions. Short of that, you can charge everyone who physically gets in the way of ICE with obstruction of justice, as well as other crimes. We can not charge people for simply blowing a whistle.  I will defend the Constitution, even if it is for my enemy. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... ManOfThePeople 3 points 5 days ago Assisting criminals in evasion is protected by the first amendment? Sounds like the first amendment needs to be amended. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago There is a fine line between alerting people of the arrival of police and providing material aid to assist someone in escaping. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 3 points 5 days ago there are differences… permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 3 points 5 days ago aiding and abetting explicitly foreign actors permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago Aiding and abetting is not applicable.  An "aiding and abetting" charge means someone is accused of assisting another person in a crime by intentionally facilitating, encouraging, or helping with the commission of the offense. The crimes people have been charged with are obstruction of justice, and harboring an illegal alien.  Obstruction requires some form of physical interference.  Harboring requires knowingly allowing them in your home with the intent to avoid law enforcement.  Blowing a whistle to alert others of the presence of ICE does not qualify as either crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Prandogolio 0 points 5 days ago You're a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 0 points 4 days ago I'm willing to engage in civil discussion here.  Name-calling is not engaging in discussion.  You're getting blocked. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago I don't care if a retard blocks me permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ 4 points 5 days ago Calling a mob who assaults federal agents and smashes on their vehicles isn't protected speech. In the same way blocking roads or firebombing isn't peaceful protest. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -6 points 5 days ago Stop with the straw man fallacy.  That isn't what the tweet says.  Alerting others of the presence of ICE by using a whistle is not the same as calling in a mob to assault them.  The latter would be very illegal and I would not support it. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago I think I can help you out here.  The latter is the point and the plan.  Does that make sense now? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -2 points 5 days ago Can you prove that was the intent in a court of law?  You would need some communication from the defendant proving they pre-planned such actions. Short of that, you can charge everyone who physically gets in the way of ICE with obstruction of justice, as well as other crimes. We can not charge people for simply blowing a whistle.  I will defend the Constitution, even if it is for my enemy. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
LineInTheSand -6 points 5 days ago Stop with the straw man fallacy.  That isn't what the tweet says.  Alerting others of the presence of ICE by using a whistle is not the same as calling in a mob to assault them.  The latter would be very illegal and I would not support it. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago I think I can help you out here.  The latter is the point and the plan.  Does that make sense now? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -2 points 5 days ago Can you prove that was the intent in a court of law?  You would need some communication from the defendant proving they pre-planned such actions. Short of that, you can charge everyone who physically gets in the way of ICE with obstruction of justice, as well as other crimes. We can not charge people for simply blowing a whistle.  I will defend the Constitution, even if it is for my enemy. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago I think I can help you out here.  The latter is the point and the plan.  Does that make sense now? permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -2 points 5 days ago Can you prove that was the intent in a court of law?  You would need some communication from the defendant proving they pre-planned such actions. Short of that, you can charge everyone who physically gets in the way of ICE with obstruction of justice, as well as other crimes. We can not charge people for simply blowing a whistle.  I will defend the Constitution, even if it is for my enemy. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
LineInTheSand -2 points 5 days ago Can you prove that was the intent in a court of law?  You would need some communication from the defendant proving they pre-planned such actions. Short of that, you can charge everyone who physically gets in the way of ICE with obstruction of justice, as well as other crimes. We can not charge people for simply blowing a whistle.  I will defend the Constitution, even if it is for my enemy. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
ManOfThePeople 3 points 5 days ago Assisting criminals in evasion is protected by the first amendment? Sounds like the first amendment needs to be amended. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago There is a fine line between alerting people of the arrival of police and providing material aid to assist someone in escaping. permalink parent award report block reply
LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago There is a fine line between alerting people of the arrival of police and providing material aid to assist someone in escaping. permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 3 points 5 days ago there are differences… permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 3 points 5 days ago aiding and abetting explicitly foreign actors permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago Aiding and abetting is not applicable.  An "aiding and abetting" charge means someone is accused of assisting another person in a crime by intentionally facilitating, encouraging, or helping with the commission of the offense. The crimes people have been charged with are obstruction of justice, and harboring an illegal alien.  Obstruction requires some form of physical interference.  Harboring requires knowingly allowing them in your home with the intent to avoid law enforcement.  Blowing a whistle to alert others of the presence of ICE does not qualify as either crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LineInTheSand -3 points 5 days ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 3 points 5 days ago aiding and abetting explicitly foreign actors permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago Aiding and abetting is not applicable.  An "aiding and abetting" charge means someone is accused of assisting another person in a crime by intentionally facilitating, encouraging, or helping with the commission of the offense. The crimes people have been charged with are obstruction of justice, and harboring an illegal alien.  Obstruction requires some form of physical interference.  Harboring requires knowingly allowing them in your home with the intent to avoid law enforcement.  Blowing a whistle to alert others of the presence of ICE does not qualify as either crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Skogin 3 points 5 days ago aiding and abetting explicitly foreign actors permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago Aiding and abetting is not applicable.  An "aiding and abetting" charge means someone is accused of assisting another person in a crime by intentionally facilitating, encouraging, or helping with the commission of the offense. The crimes people have been charged with are obstruction of justice, and harboring an illegal alien.  Obstruction requires some form of physical interference.  Harboring requires knowingly allowing them in your home with the intent to avoid law enforcement.  Blowing a whistle to alert others of the presence of ICE does not qualify as either crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LineInTheSand -4 points 5 days ago Aiding and abetting is not applicable.  An "aiding and abetting" charge means someone is accused of assisting another person in a crime by intentionally facilitating, encouraging, or helping with the commission of the offense. The crimes people have been charged with are obstruction of justice, and harboring an illegal alien.  Obstruction requires some form of physical interference.  Harboring requires knowingly allowing them in your home with the intent to avoid law enforcement.  Blowing a whistle to alert others of the presence of ICE does not qualify as either crime. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Prandogolio 0 points 5 days ago You're a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply LineInTheSand 0 points 4 days ago I'm willing to engage in civil discussion here.  Name-calling is not engaging in discussion.  You're getting blocked. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago I don't care if a retard blocks me permalink parent award report block reply
LineInTheSand 0 points 4 days ago I'm willing to engage in civil discussion here.  Name-calling is not engaging in discussion.  You're getting blocked. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago I don't care if a retard blocks me permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago I don't care if a retard blocks me permalink parent award report block reply
TheDarkEmperor 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply