788 Pfizer has been around for over 150 years and never cured anything. posted 3 days ago by Trumpymctrumpface 17 comments award share download report block
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness HaloGrow billybaldwin2 13 points 3 days ago Don't sit and settle for the rest of your life. Get up. Get active. Find something you like. Watch TV on a treadmill. Feel better, look better, don't give up on yourself. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 7 points 3 days ago Go hunt elk! permalink parent award report block reply slangin_paint 5 points 3 days ago Chuck spears and chug beers permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 1 points 3 days ago Hunting elk isn't for me, but I've been craving some kind of big game steak. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 8 points 3 days ago Wrong. They did, as a matter of fact, cure their cash flow error. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 4 points 3 days ago And yet Trump keeps making giant deals with them using the White House. permalink award report block reply Trump454748 3 points 3 days ago It seems that America has turned into the company store. “The line "I owe my soul to the company store" is a reference to the truck system and to debt bondage. Under this scrip system, workers were not paid cash; rather they were paid with non-transferable credit vouchers that could be exchanged only for goods sold at the company store” permalink award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 3 days ago Was this trucking or coal mining?  Or both?  Only ever heard of coal mining towns using scrip. permalink parent award report block reply SPEDMan64 1 points 3 days ago Not just coal; other ores as well such as gold and silver. The early logging industry did too. permalink parent award report block reply Trump454748 1 points 3 days ago Just the concept of it. You work for the company and you have to spend all your money at the company store so you’re really nothing more than an indentured servant. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainQuip 1 points 3 days ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRh0QiXyZSk permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 3 days ago It's not just Pfizer... more companies out there. GSK, Merck, Sanofi etc. Basically the vaccine merchants. permalink award report block reply AlohaSnackbar 2 points 3 days ago Well, that makes sense then, doesn't it?  Are you saying they've never cured a single person? Because anyone that's ever manufactured an antibiotic has certainly done that.  But if you're saying they have never cured a disease, well, that's certainly true because nobody has.  We can certainly agree that smallpox was eradicated globally thanks to the vaccine and quarantines, TB was (for a time) eradicated from the US thanks to quarantines, but neither was ever "cured" in the sense someone came up with a medicinedrug (Dr house meme). Look, I hate Pfizer more than most, but bitching they've never cured anything is about as genuine as saying they've never landed on Mars. Can't we stick to facts that matter as opposed to non sequiturs? permalink award report block reply icuNurse 2 points 3 days ago This doesn't even take into consideration that the vast majority of things they make drugs for are all for managing the poor lifestyle choices of individuals. The insinuation that you can take a single course of drugs to "cure" high cholesterol or diabetes but they just don't want to make it is wack. permalink parent award report block reply Pofus_Poopants 1 points 3 days ago Been in business for 175 years, champ. Anyway, they still push Comirnaty as a cure for covid. Obviously not true. Oh and anti-fungals and antibiotics. But no actual cures to a disease. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 3 days ago imagine if everyone just stopped taking meds permalink award report block reply 26magarat 4 points 3 days ago When I was younger, I went to a doctor to monitor an antidepressant I was on. She kept adding more meds and then amazingly, had to add more meds to deal with the side effects of the first ones. Kind of a snowball effect. Eventually, I stopped seeing her, and it was the best thing I ever did. permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 13 points 3 days ago Don't sit and settle for the rest of your life. Get up. Get active. Find something you like. Watch TV on a treadmill. Feel better, look better, don't give up on yourself. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 7 points 3 days ago Go hunt elk! permalink parent award report block reply slangin_paint 5 points 3 days ago Chuck spears and chug beers permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 1 points 3 days ago Hunting elk isn't for me, but I've been craving some kind of big game steak. permalink parent award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 7 points 3 days ago Go hunt elk! permalink parent award report block reply slangin_paint 5 points 3 days ago Chuck spears and chug beers permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 1 points 3 days ago Hunting elk isn't for me, but I've been craving some kind of big game steak. permalink parent award report block reply
slangin_paint 5 points 3 days ago Chuck spears and chug beers permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 1 points 3 days ago Hunting elk isn't for me, but I've been craving some kind of big game steak. permalink parent award report block reply
lispboy 8 points 3 days ago Wrong. They did, as a matter of fact, cure their cash flow error. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 4 points 3 days ago And yet Trump keeps making giant deals with them using the White House. permalink award report block reply
Trump454748 3 points 3 days ago It seems that America has turned into the company store. “The line "I owe my soul to the company store" is a reference to the truck system and to debt bondage. Under this scrip system, workers were not paid cash; rather they were paid with non-transferable credit vouchers that could be exchanged only for goods sold at the company store” permalink award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 3 days ago Was this trucking or coal mining?  Or both?  Only ever heard of coal mining towns using scrip. permalink parent award report block reply SPEDMan64 1 points 3 days ago Not just coal; other ores as well such as gold and silver. The early logging industry did too. permalink parent award report block reply Trump454748 1 points 3 days ago Just the concept of it. You work for the company and you have to spend all your money at the company store so you’re really nothing more than an indentured servant. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainQuip 1 points 3 days ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRh0QiXyZSk permalink parent award report block reply
AccelerateAlready 1 points 3 days ago Was this trucking or coal mining?  Or both?  Only ever heard of coal mining towns using scrip. permalink parent award report block reply SPEDMan64 1 points 3 days ago Not just coal; other ores as well such as gold and silver. The early logging industry did too. permalink parent award report block reply Trump454748 1 points 3 days ago Just the concept of it. You work for the company and you have to spend all your money at the company store so you’re really nothing more than an indentured servant. permalink parent award report block reply
SPEDMan64 1 points 3 days ago Not just coal; other ores as well such as gold and silver. The early logging industry did too. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump454748 1 points 3 days ago Just the concept of it. You work for the company and you have to spend all your money at the company store so you’re really nothing more than an indentured servant. permalink parent award report block reply
CaptainQuip 1 points 3 days ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRh0QiXyZSk permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 3 points 3 days ago It's not just Pfizer... more companies out there. GSK, Merck, Sanofi etc. Basically the vaccine merchants. permalink award report block reply
AlohaSnackbar 2 points 3 days ago Well, that makes sense then, doesn't it?  Are you saying they've never cured a single person? Because anyone that's ever manufactured an antibiotic has certainly done that.  But if you're saying they have never cured a disease, well, that's certainly true because nobody has.  We can certainly agree that smallpox was eradicated globally thanks to the vaccine and quarantines, TB was (for a time) eradicated from the US thanks to quarantines, but neither was ever "cured" in the sense someone came up with a medicinedrug (Dr house meme). Look, I hate Pfizer more than most, but bitching they've never cured anything is about as genuine as saying they've never landed on Mars. Can't we stick to facts that matter as opposed to non sequiturs? permalink award report block reply icuNurse 2 points 3 days ago This doesn't even take into consideration that the vast majority of things they make drugs for are all for managing the poor lifestyle choices of individuals. The insinuation that you can take a single course of drugs to "cure" high cholesterol or diabetes but they just don't want to make it is wack. permalink parent award report block reply
icuNurse 2 points 3 days ago This doesn't even take into consideration that the vast majority of things they make drugs for are all for managing the poor lifestyle choices of individuals. The insinuation that you can take a single course of drugs to "cure" high cholesterol or diabetes but they just don't want to make it is wack. permalink parent award report block reply
Pofus_Poopants 1 points 3 days ago Been in business for 175 years, champ. Anyway, they still push Comirnaty as a cure for covid. Obviously not true. Oh and anti-fungals and antibiotics. But no actual cures to a disease. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 1 points 3 days ago imagine if everyone just stopped taking meds permalink award report block reply 26magarat 4 points 3 days ago When I was younger, I went to a doctor to monitor an antidepressant I was on. She kept adding more meds and then amazingly, had to add more meds to deal with the side effects of the first ones. Kind of a snowball effect. Eventually, I stopped seeing her, and it was the best thing I ever did. permalink parent award report block reply
26magarat 4 points 3 days ago When I was younger, I went to a doctor to monitor an antidepressant I was on. She kept adding more meds and then amazingly, had to add more meds to deal with the side effects of the first ones. Kind of a snowball effect. Eventually, I stopped seeing her, and it was the best thing I ever did. permalink parent award report block reply