840 Remember when people made Polish jokes implying Polish people are dumb.

It turns out they are the smartest in Europe. They never let the Muslim "refugees" in. The preserved their culture and kept their women and children safe. posted 3 days ago by PiratePatriotParrot 68 comments award share report block Wall Street Mav @WallStreetMav • 3d Remember when people made Polish jokes implying Polish people are dumb. It turns out they are the smartest in Europe. They never let the Muslim "refugees" in. The preserved their culture and kept their women and children safe. Germany, France, Sweden and others have failed. RadioGenoa @RadioGenoa • 3d Poland without fake asylum seekers is a paradise. We need more Poland and less EU.
68 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Salt Lake City's Hair Growth Method Breaks All Records! HaloGrow Cville123 32 points 3 days ago Fun Fact: the jokes were based on WW2.  Nazis invaded with tanks, planes, etc and the Polish peasants had nothing like that but still tried to fight them on horseback.  Futile but very brave. permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 11 points 3 days ago I heard they marched in backwards and made them think they were leaving. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 5 points 2 days ago They had an unbeatable navy until they started installing those screen doors on their submarines. permalink parent award report block reply mass55th 7 points 3 days ago Where does a Polish General keep his Armies? Up his sleevies. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 3 points 2 days ago That was nazi propaganda, which Hitler foisted upon the world to condition everyone to mock and disrespect the Poles. Sound familiar?? permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 days ago Winged Hussars were no joke.  Except to the nazis. permalink parent award report block reply MadRussian 1 points 2 days ago It was one incident that was completely distorted through propaganda. A cavalry unit came across encamped German infantry and executed a saber charge, killing and scattering the infantry. Then an APC that was hidden in the nearby trees engaged the cavalry with the machine gun and predictably killed a substantial portion of the unit, including the commander. The survivors withdrew in disarray. Fairly textbook really. Still it was an instance of cavalry and an armoured fighting vehicle on the same field so it was publicised as "lol polacks tried to fight a tank with swords and spears". permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 26 points 3 days ago Seems the Poles got rid of the vast majority of God's Chosen as well. Jews only make up 0.025% (ie) 1/4 of 1% in their 38 million population. permalink award report block reply General_Grievance 27 points 3 days ago I'm sure the extremely low percentage of Jews in their country and them choosing to not take an immigrants are completely separate data points with no correlation whatsoever. Pure coincidence. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 3 days ago numbers suggest that Poland in 1939 had over 3.3 million Jews. That's a pretty big exodus as there are ~10,000 of them there as of 2024. Poland still takes in Jews and migrants and refugees from Ukraine because of the war and to spite the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 0 points 3 days ago What weird numbers you picked permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 2 days ago Except they are being flooded with latinos too. Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 8 points 3 days ago Hitler played a pretty big part in that... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 2 days ago Stalin played an even bigger part in that. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 0 points 2 days ago If I recall correctly, a Polish politician vowed to raise a statue of Hitler in Warsaw if Hitler solved Europe’s Jewish question. Still waiting for that statue permalink parent award report block reply jdemarco2014 3 points 3 days ago Now if we can get rid of ours permalink parent award report block reply Drcm 2 points 2 days ago i think the germans did that for them... permalink parent award report block reply Tokens_Worth 19 points 3 days ago Polish Jokes, Jew Propaganda. permalink award report block reply frenacrossthepond 11 points 3 days ago nah, it's quite simple:
germans joke about poles,
french joke about belgians,
spanish joke about catalans or french,
scandinavians joke about finnish,
british joke about scottish, irish and welsh
....notice the patern - they all joke about their neighbour....BUT THERE IS ONE EXCEPTION: The Irish are the ONLY ones confident enough to joke about themselves....and this dear american frens is the reason americans also enjoy self-depricating humour. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 5 points 3 days ago Wait till you find out there was a whole world making jokes about red headed kids and joking about killing them permalink parent award report block reply frenacrossthepond 4 points 3 days ago you mean pre- or post- southpark? permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 1 points 2 days ago It apperently was around before south park permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 4 points 3 days ago Lithuanian here. We joke about the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 4 points 2 days ago Perfectly reasonable after the USSR utterly adsorbed you and your neighbor's entire countries. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 2 points 2 days ago IMHO, it takes a while for Americans to grok UK-style self-deprecating humor. permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 5 points 3 days ago Jewish propaganda? Many, many such cases permalink parent award report block reply zooty 8 points 3 days ago With the amount of muslims in Germany, they may have to be fighting off another invasion from that direction before long. permalink award report block reply MAGA9428 7 points 3 days ago Poland is also probably the second most culturally Christian nation in the world (the Philippines is the most). permalink award report block reply WhatUCan 7 points 3 days ago Poland is like 99.79 percent christen the Philippines is full of Muslims permalink parent award report block reply MAGA9428 -6 points 3 days ago Nigga, it took me five seconds to do basic research on your claim and see that it was completely full of shit. Why do people like you never actually research before spouting bullshit? Do you think I don't have access to Google or something? I mean seriously man, it took like 10 seconds, and four clicks of the mouse... 7% of Poland declares themselves to have no religion whereas in the Philippines... 0.02% of the population declares no religion. The Muslim percentage in the Philippines is about 7%. Hardly a nation "full of Muslims." Unless you're going to say that Poland is full of atheists because of its 7% figure. Anyway though, Muslims are closer to Christians and create a more culturally Christian atmosphere then atheists do. However, much more importantly is the culture itself. The Philippines is one of the only nations on Earth that criminalizes adultery and prohibits divorce. Poland doesn't do that. Furthermore, the Philippines has a 90+% marriage rate whereas Poland's is only about 75%. Filipinos are much more traditional about gender roles and are one of the only countries in the world outside of Africa with a fertility rate above replacement level. permalink parent award report block reply FutureFreemason 1 points 2 days ago "Nigga" permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 1 points 2 days ago important to specify what kind of Christian too. Vatican Globalist Christians or actual Christians? The former is how USA got its just migrant problem - mostly Catholic churches and NGO both organizing the vote for that and supplying vast majority of the logistics. The later is what the United States founding fathers were - numerous warnings in their writings about how Catholicism is anathema to the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 6 points 3 days ago They invented Reverse Polish Notation in the 1940s.  All serious financial calculators still use it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_notation permalink award report block reply magnokor 5 points 3 days ago No, not very smart. Jest rzeczniczką prasową Bidena i robi furorę na TikToku. Cięte riposty Jen Psaki mają miliony fanów Jen Psaki ma korzenie polskie, a także greckie i irlandzkie Jen Psaki is of Polish, as well as Greek and Irish descent Poland's major 'industry' is sending half their population out, to UK and Germany and USA, for remittance money? $10billion a year into Poland? Might need to come up with some ideas for other businesses. Of course, better to be normal and not rich than to take any money from the EU or UN and to have your borders flooded with invaders. Also, the lack of money in Poland is a win, as it is not the draw for the Third Worlders that others are.  Germany, USA, Canada, UK, always happy to borrow money and hand to strange foreigners, so the strange foreigners arrive.  Poland has no spare money to hand out, so the strange foreigners are not attracted to it. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 2 days ago Who is more financially solvent, the one who is dead broke, or the one who is over 36 trillion in debt? permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 2 points 2 days ago That would be a lot of fun to look into, for accountants. So, USA has twice the debt compared to Poland, when considering percentage of GDP. That makes USA sound a bit precarious. The US economy may be thought of as being 30 times bigger than Poland? That would be good news. Might be bigger than that. If USA stops immigration and foreign aid, does everything for cheap energy, things could be fixed. Poland will also be happy, not a lot of money but no invaders.  That is, until one politician gets into power there who is bought off by EU/UN money and then the borders are wide open. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 3 days ago Enough strange foreigners moving to Poland tbh. And with their birth rates plummeting, they're going to start relying on strange foreigners. They're also getting old and their Catholic identity is crumbling. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 9 points 3 days ago imo, 'Relying' on migrants or immigrants to 'keep things running' is total BS lie, which is being sold to white people everywhere. A falling population is not a 'problem' when you have many millions of people. Maintaining your culture and high trust society is job#1, and that can be done even with a falling population. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 5 points 3 days ago Poland's birth rate has absolutely crashed and they're importing ppl from India and Africa to keep their churches running. Poland is Ireland 2.0 and its younger generation is woke af. Polish Catholic towns in the US were targetted by Jewish pornographers with a vengeance. permalink award report block reply Chitownpolak 4 points 3 days ago Yeah give them 20 years it's all downhill from here. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 2 days ago 20?? Lol... nope. 5 to 8 yrs max at this point. Post Covid and especially post X revealing a lot more information and the economy hurting globally, this will happen within the next 5 yrs or so. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 2 days ago Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 5 points 2 days ago Poles are smart and stubborn as fuck.  That's why (((they))) tried to make jokes about them. permalink award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 5 points 3 days ago Totally unrelated, but a Polish guy recently summitted Mount Everest with no supplementary oxygen (which is an insane feat in itself) and then skied down. permalink award report block reply KilroyJCNJ 3 points 2 days ago Pork is a dietary staple in Poland. permalink award report block reply CheeseAndOnion 3 points 2 days ago I have great respect for hungry and poland permalink award report block reply 45ichooseu 3 points 3 days ago They also make great guns permalink award report block reply Trunalimunumaprzur 2 points 2 days ago Rafal Ganowicz permalink award report block reply MyDadLikedBiden 2 points 2 days ago Gan-Ganowicz permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 2 days ago Hungary is smarter. They didn’t elect a communist permalink award report block reply RyanKeyOh 2 points 2 days ago Growing up is realizing that there’s a reason why the media made fun of places like Poland and Alabama; meanwhile, it glorifies shit holes like New York City and Los Angeles permalink award report block reply jomcf 2 points 2 days ago My best fren is Polish, which gives me permission to make Polack jokes, just as she has permission to make Chink jokes by virtue of her best fren being Chinese. permalink award report block reply Redeemable 2 points 2 days ago It takes 2 of them to screw in a lightbulb and they are still smarter than half of Europe. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 2 days ago Whyte peepo don’t have no culture… why ain’t none of them grabbing literal poo and throwin it or using it as building materials, shieeet permalink award report block reply Quietam_Unum 2 points 2 days ago Remember when people made Polish jokes.. Years ago a cow-orker was headed to his family home for the Thanksgiving holiday so I armed him with every Polish joke I could think of.  When he came back to work I asked how the jokes went over.  He told me "they'd heard them all, but they were Canuck jokes." permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 2 points 2 days ago It was entirely Shitler’s doing, by lying profusely.  I wish I was kidding.  This was likely a favorite topic during his many kaffeeklatsches with muslim shieks, who were very experienced with this tactic. “The stereotype of Poles as "dumb" is largely rooted in Nazi German propaganda during World War II, which sought to dehumanize the Polish population to justify invasion and occupation. This propaganda falsely depicted Polish military forces, such as cavalry units, as using horses and swords to attack German tanks, a narrative that was used to portray Poles as primitive and intellectually inferior. This image was disseminated through Nazi newsreels and broadcasts, which were later seen by American audiences, contributing to the stereotype in the United States. The Nazi regime's goal was to condition its soldiers and the public to view Poles as subhuman ( the worst of all creatures, perhaps? ) thereby facilitating mass atrocities, including the systematic killing of Poland's intellectual elite. While milder earlier stereotypes existed, particularly in German-speaking regions due to socioeconomic and cultural prejudices, the widespread "dumb Polack" trope in the U.S. became prominent only after World War II.” permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 2 days ago The murdernof the polish elite, Katyn massacre, was done by soviets and covered up by fdr permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 2 points 2 days ago Everybody made jokes about everybody.  Polish, Italian, Mexican, Asian, White, Women.  I'm fond of Norwegian jokes.  Ole and Lena.  Good stuff. permalink award report block reply AgnesDomini 1 points 3 days ago There's a big difference between dumb and foolish. And they are so known for being stupid that, no lie, they make Polish jokes in the Himalayas. My Chinese multilingual friend was a guide in Tibet, and she said the mountain people mock Polish tourists. permalink award report block reply Chachiex 1 points 2 days ago Didn't they join the 109 club just before WW2? permalink award report block reply cereal_killer -11 points 3 days ago Poles are dumb. They keep immigrants out while advocating for war with Russia because they have some base ethnic hatred like black people. If you're looking for smart Europeans, check out Hungary. They keep immigrants out and can read the writing on the wall. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 10 points 3 days ago They see Russia as the Sovier Union.  They lived through communism and refuse to live through it again.  They have a border with Belarus, which is pro-Russa and Ukraine.  They know if Russia continues advancing they are next! permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 3 days ago Duda was great but recently repeated childish propaganda and was losing it. Russia is defending Russio-Ukrainians who were attacked for 8 years by west ukraine. The Russio-Ukrainians DEMANDED the Russian help. And Crimea was outraged at losing their president in a coup and voted to join Russia. It was never invaded, the Russian troops were already there since 1954. This war was 100% provoked, at least two times by Biden (as VP in 2014 and as President in 2022). permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 3 days ago Yes, afaik, there is still a lot of bad blood ( I mean, it is Europe ), so they have some legit issues, Russian hard liners, for example will comment about taking parts of Poland, but I think there is no real worry now, not with Putin, anywho, imo. Also, the Ukrainian Nazis have commited tremendous atrocities against the Poles thru history, so why support those same people now in Kiev? permalink parent award report block reply cereal_killer -2 points 3 days ago Poles thinking that modern Russia is the Soviet Union is like black people thinking modern America is the Confederacy. Poland is a NATO member, and Russia is not going to invade them anymore than they are going to invade France. Only really dumb people (like Polish people) could believe that. permalink parent award report block reply BejewelledBadger 1 points 3 days ago See who the Polish foreign minister is. See who is he married to. That will explain a lot. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker -1 points 3 days ago Keeping out migrants is not racist  - how much are creeps like you getting paid for pushing your globalist BS? No one nose... permalink parent award report block reply cereal_killer 1 points 3 days ago What the fuck are talking about? Keeping out migrants is commendable. Letting your country get sucked into useless wars is not. I never suggested otherwise, and I certainly never said it was racist. Even if it were racist, I am okay with that. I am a racist. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 2 days ago I misread part of your comment, thought it was the opposite. permalink parent award report block reply
Cville123 32 points 3 days ago Fun Fact: the jokes were based on WW2.  Nazis invaded with tanks, planes, etc and the Polish peasants had nothing like that but still tried to fight them on horseback.  Futile but very brave. permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 11 points 3 days ago I heard they marched in backwards and made them think they were leaving. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 5 points 2 days ago They had an unbeatable navy until they started installing those screen doors on their submarines. permalink parent award report block reply mass55th 7 points 3 days ago Where does a Polish General keep his Armies? Up his sleevies. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 3 points 2 days ago That was nazi propaganda, which Hitler foisted upon the world to condition everyone to mock and disrespect the Poles. Sound familiar?? permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 days ago Winged Hussars were no joke.  Except to the nazis. permalink parent award report block reply MadRussian 1 points 2 days ago It was one incident that was completely distorted through propaganda. A cavalry unit came across encamped German infantry and executed a saber charge, killing and scattering the infantry. Then an APC that was hidden in the nearby trees engaged the cavalry with the machine gun and predictably killed a substantial portion of the unit, including the commander. The survivors withdrew in disarray. Fairly textbook really. Still it was an instance of cavalry and an armoured fighting vehicle on the same field so it was publicised as "lol polacks tried to fight a tank with swords and spears". permalink parent award report block reply
Overtaxed 11 points 3 days ago I heard they marched in backwards and made them think they were leaving. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 5 points 2 days ago They had an unbeatable navy until they started installing those screen doors on their submarines. permalink parent award report block reply
LolitaExpressPilot 5 points 2 days ago They had an unbeatable navy until they started installing those screen doors on their submarines. permalink parent award report block reply
mass55th 7 points 3 days ago Where does a Polish General keep his Armies? Up his sleevies. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 3 points 2 days ago That was nazi propaganda, which Hitler foisted upon the world to condition everyone to mock and disrespect the Poles. Sound familiar?? permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 days ago Winged Hussars were no joke.  Except to the nazis. permalink parent award report block reply
MadRussian 1 points 2 days ago It was one incident that was completely distorted through propaganda. A cavalry unit came across encamped German infantry and executed a saber charge, killing and scattering the infantry. Then an APC that was hidden in the nearby trees engaged the cavalry with the machine gun and predictably killed a substantial portion of the unit, including the commander. The survivors withdrew in disarray. Fairly textbook really. Still it was an instance of cavalry and an armoured fighting vehicle on the same field so it was publicised as "lol polacks tried to fight a tank with swords and spears". permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 26 points 3 days ago Seems the Poles got rid of the vast majority of God's Chosen as well. Jews only make up 0.025% (ie) 1/4 of 1% in their 38 million population. permalink award report block reply General_Grievance 27 points 3 days ago I'm sure the extremely low percentage of Jews in their country and them choosing to not take an immigrants are completely separate data points with no correlation whatsoever. Pure coincidence. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 3 days ago numbers suggest that Poland in 1939 had over 3.3 million Jews. That's a pretty big exodus as there are ~10,000 of them there as of 2024. Poland still takes in Jews and migrants and refugees from Ukraine because of the war and to spite the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 0 points 3 days ago What weird numbers you picked permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 2 days ago Except they are being flooded with latinos too. Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 8 points 3 days ago Hitler played a pretty big part in that... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 2 days ago Stalin played an even bigger part in that. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 0 points 2 days ago If I recall correctly, a Polish politician vowed to raise a statue of Hitler in Warsaw if Hitler solved Europe’s Jewish question. Still waiting for that statue permalink parent award report block reply jdemarco2014 3 points 3 days ago Now if we can get rid of ours permalink parent award report block reply Drcm 2 points 2 days ago i think the germans did that for them... permalink parent award report block reply
General_Grievance 27 points 3 days ago I'm sure the extremely low percentage of Jews in their country and them choosing to not take an immigrants are completely separate data points with no correlation whatsoever. Pure coincidence. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 3 days ago numbers suggest that Poland in 1939 had over 3.3 million Jews. That's a pretty big exodus as there are ~10,000 of them there as of 2024. Poland still takes in Jews and migrants and refugees from Ukraine because of the war and to spite the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 0 points 3 days ago What weird numbers you picked permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 2 days ago Except they are being flooded with latinos too. Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 3 points 3 days ago numbers suggest that Poland in 1939 had over 3.3 million Jews. That's a pretty big exodus as there are ~10,000 of them there as of 2024. Poland still takes in Jews and migrants and refugees from Ukraine because of the war and to spite the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 0 points 3 days ago What weird numbers you picked permalink parent award report block reply
WhatUCan 0 points 3 days ago What weird numbers you picked permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 2 days ago Except they are being flooded with latinos too. Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 8 points 3 days ago Hitler played a pretty big part in that... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 2 days ago Stalin played an even bigger part in that. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 0 points 2 days ago If I recall correctly, a Polish politician vowed to raise a statue of Hitler in Warsaw if Hitler solved Europe’s Jewish question. Still waiting for that statue permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 3 points 2 days ago Stalin played an even bigger part in that. permalink parent award report block reply
axiy 0 points 2 days ago If I recall correctly, a Polish politician vowed to raise a statue of Hitler in Warsaw if Hitler solved Europe’s Jewish question. Still waiting for that statue permalink parent award report block reply
jdemarco2014 3 points 3 days ago Now if we can get rid of ours permalink parent award report block reply
Drcm 2 points 2 days ago i think the germans did that for them... permalink parent award report block reply
Tokens_Worth 19 points 3 days ago Polish Jokes, Jew Propaganda. permalink award report block reply frenacrossthepond 11 points 3 days ago nah, it's quite simple:
germans joke about poles,
french joke about belgians,
spanish joke about catalans or french,
scandinavians joke about finnish,
british joke about scottish, irish and welsh
....notice the patern - they all joke about their neighbour....BUT THERE IS ONE EXCEPTION: The Irish are the ONLY ones confident enough to joke about themselves....and this dear american frens is the reason americans also enjoy self-depricating humour. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 5 points 3 days ago Wait till you find out there was a whole world making jokes about red headed kids and joking about killing them permalink parent award report block reply frenacrossthepond 4 points 3 days ago you mean pre- or post- southpark? permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 1 points 2 days ago It apperently was around before south park permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 4 points 3 days ago Lithuanian here. We joke about the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 4 points 2 days ago Perfectly reasonable after the USSR utterly adsorbed you and your neighbor's entire countries. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 2 points 2 days ago IMHO, it takes a while for Americans to grok UK-style self-deprecating humor. permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 5 points 3 days ago Jewish propaganda? Many, many such cases permalink parent award report block reply
frenacrossthepond 11 points 3 days ago nah, it's quite simple:
germans joke about poles,
french joke about belgians,
spanish joke about catalans or french,
scandinavians joke about finnish,
british joke about scottish, irish and welsh
....notice the patern - they all joke about their neighbour....BUT THERE IS ONE EXCEPTION: The Irish are the ONLY ones confident enough to joke about themselves....and this dear american frens is the reason americans also enjoy self-depricating humour. permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 5 points 3 days ago Wait till you find out there was a whole world making jokes about red headed kids and joking about killing them permalink parent award report block reply frenacrossthepond 4 points 3 days ago you mean pre- or post- southpark? permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 1 points 2 days ago It apperently was around before south park permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 4 points 3 days ago Lithuanian here. We joke about the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 4 points 2 days ago Perfectly reasonable after the USSR utterly adsorbed you and your neighbor's entire countries. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 2 points 2 days ago IMHO, it takes a while for Americans to grok UK-style self-deprecating humor. permalink parent award report block reply
WhatUCan 5 points 3 days ago Wait till you find out there was a whole world making jokes about red headed kids and joking about killing them permalink parent award report block reply frenacrossthepond 4 points 3 days ago you mean pre- or post- southpark? permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 1 points 2 days ago It apperently was around before south park permalink parent award report block reply
frenacrossthepond 4 points 3 days ago you mean pre- or post- southpark? permalink parent award report block reply WhatUCan 1 points 2 days ago It apperently was around before south park permalink parent award report block reply
WhatUCan 1 points 2 days ago It apperently was around before south park permalink parent award report block reply
MaoHadOnly1Testicle 4 points 3 days ago Lithuanian here. We joke about the Russians. permalink parent award report block reply ForceMultiplier 4 points 2 days ago Perfectly reasonable after the USSR utterly adsorbed you and your neighbor's entire countries. permalink parent award report block reply
ForceMultiplier 4 points 2 days ago Perfectly reasonable after the USSR utterly adsorbed you and your neighbor's entire countries. permalink parent award report block reply
ForceMultiplier 2 points 2 days ago IMHO, it takes a while for Americans to grok UK-style self-deprecating humor. permalink parent award report block reply
General_Grievance 5 points 3 days ago Jewish propaganda? Many, many such cases permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 8 points 3 days ago With the amount of muslims in Germany, they may have to be fighting off another invasion from that direction before long. permalink award report block reply
MAGA9428 7 points 3 days ago Poland is also probably the second most culturally Christian nation in the world (the Philippines is the most). permalink award report block reply WhatUCan 7 points 3 days ago Poland is like 99.79 percent christen the Philippines is full of Muslims permalink parent award report block reply MAGA9428 -6 points 3 days ago Nigga, it took me five seconds to do basic research on your claim and see that it was completely full of shit. Why do people like you never actually research before spouting bullshit? Do you think I don't have access to Google or something? I mean seriously man, it took like 10 seconds, and four clicks of the mouse... 7% of Poland declares themselves to have no religion whereas in the Philippines... 0.02% of the population declares no religion. The Muslim percentage in the Philippines is about 7%. Hardly a nation "full of Muslims." Unless you're going to say that Poland is full of atheists because of its 7% figure. Anyway though, Muslims are closer to Christians and create a more culturally Christian atmosphere then atheists do. However, much more importantly is the culture itself. The Philippines is one of the only nations on Earth that criminalizes adultery and prohibits divorce. Poland doesn't do that. Furthermore, the Philippines has a 90+% marriage rate whereas Poland's is only about 75%. Filipinos are much more traditional about gender roles and are one of the only countries in the world outside of Africa with a fertility rate above replacement level. permalink parent award report block reply FutureFreemason 1 points 2 days ago "Nigga" permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 1 points 2 days ago important to specify what kind of Christian too. Vatican Globalist Christians or actual Christians? The former is how USA got its just migrant problem - mostly Catholic churches and NGO both organizing the vote for that and supplying vast majority of the logistics. The later is what the United States founding fathers were - numerous warnings in their writings about how Catholicism is anathema to the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply
WhatUCan 7 points 3 days ago Poland is like 99.79 percent christen the Philippines is full of Muslims permalink parent award report block reply MAGA9428 -6 points 3 days ago Nigga, it took me five seconds to do basic research on your claim and see that it was completely full of shit. Why do people like you never actually research before spouting bullshit? Do you think I don't have access to Google or something? I mean seriously man, it took like 10 seconds, and four clicks of the mouse... 7% of Poland declares themselves to have no religion whereas in the Philippines... 0.02% of the population declares no religion. The Muslim percentage in the Philippines is about 7%. Hardly a nation "full of Muslims." Unless you're going to say that Poland is full of atheists because of its 7% figure. Anyway though, Muslims are closer to Christians and create a more culturally Christian atmosphere then atheists do. However, much more importantly is the culture itself. The Philippines is one of the only nations on Earth that criminalizes adultery and prohibits divorce. Poland doesn't do that. Furthermore, the Philippines has a 90+% marriage rate whereas Poland's is only about 75%. Filipinos are much more traditional about gender roles and are one of the only countries in the world outside of Africa with a fertility rate above replacement level. permalink parent award report block reply FutureFreemason 1 points 2 days ago "Nigga" permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA9428 -6 points 3 days ago Nigga, it took me five seconds to do basic research on your claim and see that it was completely full of shit. Why do people like you never actually research before spouting bullshit? Do you think I don't have access to Google or something? I mean seriously man, it took like 10 seconds, and four clicks of the mouse... 7% of Poland declares themselves to have no religion whereas in the Philippines... 0.02% of the population declares no religion. The Muslim percentage in the Philippines is about 7%. Hardly a nation "full of Muslims." Unless you're going to say that Poland is full of atheists because of its 7% figure. Anyway though, Muslims are closer to Christians and create a more culturally Christian atmosphere then atheists do. However, much more importantly is the culture itself. The Philippines is one of the only nations on Earth that criminalizes adultery and prohibits divorce. Poland doesn't do that. Furthermore, the Philippines has a 90+% marriage rate whereas Poland's is only about 75%. Filipinos are much more traditional about gender roles and are one of the only countries in the world outside of Africa with a fertility rate above replacement level. permalink parent award report block reply FutureFreemason 1 points 2 days ago "Nigga" permalink parent award report block reply
FutureFreemason 1 points 2 days ago "Nigga" permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 1 points 2 days ago important to specify what kind of Christian too. Vatican Globalist Christians or actual Christians? The former is how USA got its just migrant problem - mostly Catholic churches and NGO both organizing the vote for that and supplying vast majority of the logistics. The later is what the United States founding fathers were - numerous warnings in their writings about how Catholicism is anathema to the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 6 points 3 days ago They invented Reverse Polish Notation in the 1940s.  All serious financial calculators still use it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_notation permalink award report block reply
magnokor 5 points 3 days ago No, not very smart. Jest rzeczniczką prasową Bidena i robi furorę na TikToku. Cięte riposty Jen Psaki mają miliony fanów Jen Psaki ma korzenie polskie, a także greckie i irlandzkie Jen Psaki is of Polish, as well as Greek and Irish descent Poland's major 'industry' is sending half their population out, to UK and Germany and USA, for remittance money? $10billion a year into Poland? Might need to come up with some ideas for other businesses. Of course, better to be normal and not rich than to take any money from the EU or UN and to have your borders flooded with invaders. Also, the lack of money in Poland is a win, as it is not the draw for the Third Worlders that others are.  Germany, USA, Canada, UK, always happy to borrow money and hand to strange foreigners, so the strange foreigners arrive.  Poland has no spare money to hand out, so the strange foreigners are not attracted to it. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 2 days ago Who is more financially solvent, the one who is dead broke, or the one who is over 36 trillion in debt? permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 2 points 2 days ago That would be a lot of fun to look into, for accountants. So, USA has twice the debt compared to Poland, when considering percentage of GDP. That makes USA sound a bit precarious. The US economy may be thought of as being 30 times bigger than Poland? That would be good news. Might be bigger than that. If USA stops immigration and foreign aid, does everything for cheap energy, things could be fixed. Poland will also be happy, not a lot of money but no invaders.  That is, until one politician gets into power there who is bought off by EU/UN money and then the borders are wide open. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 3 days ago Enough strange foreigners moving to Poland tbh. And with their birth rates plummeting, they're going to start relying on strange foreigners. They're also getting old and their Catholic identity is crumbling. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 9 points 3 days ago imo, 'Relying' on migrants or immigrants to 'keep things running' is total BS lie, which is being sold to white people everywhere. A falling population is not a 'problem' when you have many millions of people. Maintaining your culture and high trust society is job#1, and that can be done even with a falling population. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 2 days ago Who is more financially solvent, the one who is dead broke, or the one who is over 36 trillion in debt? permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 2 points 2 days ago That would be a lot of fun to look into, for accountants. So, USA has twice the debt compared to Poland, when considering percentage of GDP. That makes USA sound a bit precarious. The US economy may be thought of as being 30 times bigger than Poland? That would be good news. Might be bigger than that. If USA stops immigration and foreign aid, does everything for cheap energy, things could be fixed. Poland will also be happy, not a lot of money but no invaders.  That is, until one politician gets into power there who is bought off by EU/UN money and then the borders are wide open. permalink parent award report block reply
magnokor 2 points 2 days ago That would be a lot of fun to look into, for accountants. So, USA has twice the debt compared to Poland, when considering percentage of GDP. That makes USA sound a bit precarious. The US economy may be thought of as being 30 times bigger than Poland? That would be good news. Might be bigger than that. If USA stops immigration and foreign aid, does everything for cheap energy, things could be fixed. Poland will also be happy, not a lot of money but no invaders.  That is, until one politician gets into power there who is bought off by EU/UN money and then the borders are wide open. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 1 points 3 days ago Enough strange foreigners moving to Poland tbh. And with their birth rates plummeting, they're going to start relying on strange foreigners. They're also getting old and their Catholic identity is crumbling. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 9 points 3 days ago imo, 'Relying' on migrants or immigrants to 'keep things running' is total BS lie, which is being sold to white people everywhere. A falling population is not a 'problem' when you have many millions of people. Maintaining your culture and high trust society is job#1, and that can be done even with a falling population. permalink parent award report block reply
freedom-thinker 9 points 3 days ago imo, 'Relying' on migrants or immigrants to 'keep things running' is total BS lie, which is being sold to white people everywhere. A falling population is not a 'problem' when you have many millions of people. Maintaining your culture and high trust society is job#1, and that can be done even with a falling population. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 5 points 3 days ago Poland's birth rate has absolutely crashed and they're importing ppl from India and Africa to keep their churches running. Poland is Ireland 2.0 and its younger generation is woke af. Polish Catholic towns in the US were targetted by Jewish pornographers with a vengeance. permalink award report block reply Chitownpolak 4 points 3 days ago Yeah give them 20 years it's all downhill from here. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 2 days ago 20?? Lol... nope. 5 to 8 yrs max at this point. Post Covid and especially post X revealing a lot more information and the economy hurting globally, this will happen within the next 5 yrs or so. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 2 days ago Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply
Chitownpolak 4 points 3 days ago Yeah give them 20 years it's all downhill from here. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 2 days ago 20?? Lol... nope. 5 to 8 yrs max at this point. Post Covid and especially post X revealing a lot more information and the economy hurting globally, this will happen within the next 5 yrs or so. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 1 points 2 days ago 20?? Lol... nope. 5 to 8 yrs max at this point. Post Covid and especially post X revealing a lot more information and the economy hurting globally, this will happen within the next 5 yrs or so. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 2 points 2 days ago Tusk established rapefugee welcome centers and imported millions of venezula latinos of all scum who are raping and murdering in poland already. The trump style polish president means jack shit when po controls polands sejm: https://rmx.news/article/venezuelan-migrant-arrested-for-brutal-rape-and-attempted-murder-of-young-woman-in-polish-park/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/poland-young-man-stabbed-beaten-to-death-by-migrants/ https://rmx.news/article/piotrkow-trybunalski-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-migrant-integration-center/ https://www.infowars.com/posts/polish-towns-residents-barred-from-city-council-debate-on-alien-integration-center permalink parent award report block reply
NZbacon 5 points 2 days ago Poles are smart and stubborn as fuck.  That's why (((they))) tried to make jokes about them. permalink award report block reply
MaoHadOnly1Testicle 5 points 3 days ago Totally unrelated, but a Polish guy recently summitted Mount Everest with no supplementary oxygen (which is an insane feat in itself) and then skied down. permalink award report block reply
KilroyJCNJ 3 points 2 days ago Pork is a dietary staple in Poland. permalink award report block reply
CheeseAndOnion 3 points 2 days ago I have great respect for hungry and poland permalink award report block reply
45ichooseu 3 points 3 days ago They also make great guns permalink award report block reply
Trunalimunumaprzur 2 points 2 days ago Rafal Ganowicz permalink award report block reply MyDadLikedBiden 2 points 2 days ago Gan-Ganowicz permalink parent award report block reply
MyDadLikedBiden 2 points 2 days ago Gan-Ganowicz permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 2 days ago Hungary is smarter. They didn’t elect a communist permalink award report block reply
RyanKeyOh 2 points 2 days ago Growing up is realizing that there’s a reason why the media made fun of places like Poland and Alabama; meanwhile, it glorifies shit holes like New York City and Los Angeles permalink award report block reply
jomcf 2 points 2 days ago My best fren is Polish, which gives me permission to make Polack jokes, just as she has permission to make Chink jokes by virtue of her best fren being Chinese. permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 2 points 2 days ago It takes 2 of them to screw in a lightbulb and they are still smarter than half of Europe. permalink award report block reply
lifeisahologram 2 points 2 days ago Whyte peepo don’t have no culture… why ain’t none of them grabbing literal poo and throwin it or using it as building materials, shieeet permalink award report block reply
Quietam_Unum 2 points 2 days ago Remember when people made Polish jokes.. Years ago a cow-orker was headed to his family home for the Thanksgiving holiday so I armed him with every Polish joke I could think of.  When he came back to work I asked how the jokes went over.  He told me "they'd heard them all, but they were Canuck jokes." permalink award report block reply
YaharaRiver 2 points 2 days ago It was entirely Shitler’s doing, by lying profusely.  I wish I was kidding.  This was likely a favorite topic during his many kaffeeklatsches with muslim shieks, who were very experienced with this tactic. “The stereotype of Poles as "dumb" is largely rooted in Nazi German propaganda during World War II, which sought to dehumanize the Polish population to justify invasion and occupation. This propaganda falsely depicted Polish military forces, such as cavalry units, as using horses and swords to attack German tanks, a narrative that was used to portray Poles as primitive and intellectually inferior. This image was disseminated through Nazi newsreels and broadcasts, which were later seen by American audiences, contributing to the stereotype in the United States. The Nazi regime's goal was to condition its soldiers and the public to view Poles as subhuman ( the worst of all creatures, perhaps? ) thereby facilitating mass atrocities, including the systematic killing of Poland's intellectual elite. While milder earlier stereotypes existed, particularly in German-speaking regions due to socioeconomic and cultural prejudices, the widespread "dumb Polack" trope in the U.S. became prominent only after World War II.” permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 2 days ago The murdernof the polish elite, Katyn massacre, was done by soviets and covered up by fdr permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 2 points 2 days ago The murdernof the polish elite, Katyn massacre, was done by soviets and covered up by fdr permalink parent award report block reply
ThorsonTT 2 points 2 days ago Everybody made jokes about everybody.  Polish, Italian, Mexican, Asian, White, Women.  I'm fond of Norwegian jokes.  Ole and Lena.  Good stuff. permalink award report block reply
AgnesDomini 1 points 3 days ago There's a big difference between dumb and foolish. And they are so known for being stupid that, no lie, they make Polish jokes in the Himalayas. My Chinese multilingual friend was a guide in Tibet, and she said the mountain people mock Polish tourists. permalink award report block reply
Chachiex 1 points 2 days ago Didn't they join the 109 club just before WW2? permalink award report block reply
cereal_killer -11 points 3 days ago Poles are dumb. They keep immigrants out while advocating for war with Russia because they have some base ethnic hatred like black people. If you're looking for smart Europeans, check out Hungary. They keep immigrants out and can read the writing on the wall. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 10 points 3 days ago They see Russia as the Sovier Union.  They lived through communism and refuse to live through it again.  They have a border with Belarus, which is pro-Russa and Ukraine.  They know if Russia continues advancing they are next! permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 3 days ago Duda was great but recently repeated childish propaganda and was losing it. Russia is defending Russio-Ukrainians who were attacked for 8 years by west ukraine. The Russio-Ukrainians DEMANDED the Russian help. And Crimea was outraged at losing their president in a coup and voted to join Russia. It was never invaded, the Russian troops were already there since 1954. This war was 100% provoked, at least two times by Biden (as VP in 2014 and as President in 2022). permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 3 days ago Yes, afaik, there is still a lot of bad blood ( I mean, it is Europe ), so they have some legit issues, Russian hard liners, for example will comment about taking parts of Poland, but I think there is no real worry now, not with Putin, anywho, imo. Also, the Ukrainian Nazis have commited tremendous atrocities against the Poles thru history, so why support those same people now in Kiev? permalink parent award report block reply cereal_killer -2 points 3 days ago Poles thinking that modern Russia is the Soviet Union is like black people thinking modern America is the Confederacy. Poland is a NATO member, and Russia is not going to invade them anymore than they are going to invade France. Only really dumb people (like Polish people) could believe that. permalink parent award report block reply BejewelledBadger 1 points 3 days ago See who the Polish foreign minister is. See who is he married to. That will explain a lot. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker -1 points 3 days ago Keeping out migrants is not racist  - how much are creeps like you getting paid for pushing your globalist BS? No one nose... permalink parent award report block reply cereal_killer 1 points 3 days ago What the fuck are talking about? Keeping out migrants is commendable. Letting your country get sucked into useless wars is not. I never suggested otherwise, and I certainly never said it was racist. Even if it were racist, I am okay with that. I am a racist. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 2 days ago I misread part of your comment, thought it was the opposite. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 10 points 3 days ago They see Russia as the Sovier Union.  They lived through communism and refuse to live through it again.  They have a border with Belarus, which is pro-Russa and Ukraine.  They know if Russia continues advancing they are next! permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 3 days ago Duda was great but recently repeated childish propaganda and was losing it. Russia is defending Russio-Ukrainians who were attacked for 8 years by west ukraine. The Russio-Ukrainians DEMANDED the Russian help. And Crimea was outraged at losing their president in a coup and voted to join Russia. It was never invaded, the Russian troops were already there since 1954. This war was 100% provoked, at least two times by Biden (as VP in 2014 and as President in 2022). permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 3 days ago Yes, afaik, there is still a lot of bad blood ( I mean, it is Europe ), so they have some legit issues, Russian hard liners, for example will comment about taking parts of Poland, but I think there is no real worry now, not with Putin, anywho, imo. Also, the Ukrainian Nazis have commited tremendous atrocities against the Poles thru history, so why support those same people now in Kiev? permalink parent award report block reply cereal_killer -2 points 3 days ago Poles thinking that modern Russia is the Soviet Union is like black people thinking modern America is the Confederacy. Poland is a NATO member, and Russia is not going to invade them anymore than they are going to invade France. Only really dumb people (like Polish people) could believe that. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 4 points 3 days ago Duda was great but recently repeated childish propaganda and was losing it. Russia is defending Russio-Ukrainians who were attacked for 8 years by west ukraine. The Russio-Ukrainians DEMANDED the Russian help. And Crimea was outraged at losing their president in a coup and voted to join Russia. It was never invaded, the Russian troops were already there since 1954. This war was 100% provoked, at least two times by Biden (as VP in 2014 and as President in 2022). permalink parent award report block reply
freedom-thinker 1 points 3 days ago Yes, afaik, there is still a lot of bad blood ( I mean, it is Europe ), so they have some legit issues, Russian hard liners, for example will comment about taking parts of Poland, but I think there is no real worry now, not with Putin, anywho, imo. Also, the Ukrainian Nazis have commited tremendous atrocities against the Poles thru history, so why support those same people now in Kiev? permalink parent award report block reply
cereal_killer -2 points 3 days ago Poles thinking that modern Russia is the Soviet Union is like black people thinking modern America is the Confederacy. Poland is a NATO member, and Russia is not going to invade them anymore than they are going to invade France. Only really dumb people (like Polish people) could believe that. permalink parent award report block reply
BejewelledBadger 1 points 3 days ago See who the Polish foreign minister is. See who is he married to. That will explain a lot. permalink parent award report block reply
freedom-thinker -1 points 3 days ago Keeping out migrants is not racist  - how much are creeps like you getting paid for pushing your globalist BS? No one nose... permalink parent award report block reply cereal_killer 1 points 3 days ago What the fuck are talking about? Keeping out migrants is commendable. Letting your country get sucked into useless wars is not. I never suggested otherwise, and I certainly never said it was racist. Even if it were racist, I am okay with that. I am a racist. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 2 days ago I misread part of your comment, thought it was the opposite. permalink parent award report block reply
cereal_killer 1 points 3 days ago What the fuck are talking about? Keeping out migrants is commendable. Letting your country get sucked into useless wars is not. I never suggested otherwise, and I certainly never said it was racist. Even if it were racist, I am okay with that. I am a racist. permalink parent award report block reply freedom-thinker 1 points 2 days ago I misread part of your comment, thought it was the opposite. permalink parent award report block reply
freedom-thinker 1 points 2 days ago I misread part of your comment, thought it was the opposite. permalink parent award report block reply