35 Trump's Remarks Explained posted 7 hours ago by 3stepsahead 41 comments award share report block Im reading alot of division here, and quite stunned that what seems to be common sense is being used to divide us.  Lets type plain.  The U.S. has contracts with companies to build many missle defense systems.  Those companies, many of them, moved offshore and hired workers who have been trained in building these battaries.  Now the companies want to return to the U.S.  Great!  Thats a win!  To do that they need to bring workers they've trained to train Americans to build these battaries.  Its that simple.  Because of past administrations, we don't have people who can jump in and fill these roles immediatly. They arent hiring for Burger King!  They're building missle defense systems. Thats all he was saying.  So stop listning to the lefties on here dividing us, title read raging and read the entire transcript. You'll come to the same conclusion. In other news, FIRE BONDI!  SHE'S USELESS!
41 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget drmrboy 23 points 7 hours ago What if I told you ... I don't believe you.  🤓 permalink award report block reply sobriquet 8 points 7 hours ago You would be very astute.  There's a law called ITAR that contradicts OP. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 3 points 7 hours ago I wouldn't either!  Read the transcript, and look at when we started outsourcing.  Dont think you'll be surprized at who was (selling) I mean running the country.
1998. https://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/articles/2022/9/30/americanize-the-defense-industry-supply-chain permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 4 hours ago Clinton? Hardly surprising. This whole bit felt astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 2 points 4 hours ago Good idea. It was an example given. Now, for the counterpoint - the H1B system doesn't have a mechanisms to make companies train American workers and while it does set an initial 6 year (3 years + 3 year extension) limitation on duration, there is the PERM process leading to I-140 Green cards. In 2022, India made up 74% (320k) of all H1B visas accepted and 58% (78k) of initial employment H1B visas (source: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/nri/us-canada-news/with-3-20-lakh-h-1b-visas-bagged-in-fy-2022-indians-continue-to-top-the-charts/articleshow/100772292.cms ) while China came in 2nd with 12% (55k) and 14% (19k). That same year, we granted 72k I-140 Green cards to Indians (that had been here multiple years)(source: https://www.adhikarilaw.com/adjust-of-status/approved-i-140-petitions-and-pending-i-485-applications-data-indicate-that-eb-2-and-eb-3-immmigrant-visa-applicants-will-still-face-a-significant-wait-time/ ). So, roughly the same amount of of initial employment (not extensions) H1B visas and I-140 Green Cards were granted. I don't know if you can find how many I-140 accepeted applicants were H1B's, it doesn't much matter. 2022 saw 150K new Indian workers, half of which are permanent. The half that are not will be in the next few years. It may not be the exact individuals, but for each of those who leave or time out of H1B, another becomes a permanent resident. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 hours ago Indeed. Even if I did believe this post, which I don’t, it takes years to build new plants, and OP is trying to tell me that can’t plan American hiring and training offshore during that transition? It’s all just so tiresome. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 14 points 7 hours ago You're pulling the missile systems out of your ass because it's one example he gave and then acting like it's the whole ball of wax. That's entirely disingenuous. H1B's are everywhere in tech, medicine, education, and manufacturing. This post is absolute damage control bullshit. And a transparently weak attempt at it at that. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP -1 points 7 hours ago Damage control?  I don't agree with HB-1 crap either.  It should only be used when absolutly necessary., and on a temporay basis.  Train, then leave...  Im only breaking down what he said, and he spoke about battary defense systems. permalink parent award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 11 points 7 hours ago We DO have Americans capable of performing these roles immediately. They just DON'T want to hire and pay them fairly. permalink award report block reply LineInTheSand 2 points 4 hours ago We also have a talent deficit because American companies stopped training Americans.  They created this vicious circle of needing to hire H1Bs because of a lack of American training.  They should be held responsible for their H1B abuse by ending H1B so they are forced to train Americans again. permalink parent award report block reply schism 10 points 7 hours ago Why not rehire the Americans they fired after they trained their own replacements? permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 7 hours ago Without knowing the exact company/s he was referring to overseas defense outsourcing began in 1998.  The oitsource didnt happen in the last 5 years, or I would agree with you. https://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/articles/2022/9/30/americanize-the-defense-industry-supply-chain permalink parent award report block reply crashdaddy 8 points 7 hours ago They arent hiring for Burger King! They're building missle defense systems. Uh...that's worse than if they were working at Burger King. I mean, at that point, why not just put one in charge of the FBI. nobody's that crazy permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 5 points 7 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 4 hours ago Bill Clinton has entered the chat permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 6 points 7 hours ago A factory in Georgia did that and didnt send the workers back home.  i think this is a sticking point with a lot of people. But knee jerk reaction folks get pissed about everything thats not according to their simple minded solutions. i agree that they have to have people to train workers but there has to be follow up to send them home. Thats where the govt fails us. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 2 points 6 hours ago Do you have the original article about that.  I seem to recall Trump saying that once the local workforce is trained then they'd send the foreign workforce home.  But I may have made that up in my head too. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago 💯☝️ permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 5 points 7 hours ago I get the point and agree about the dividers but c'mon man how many 'missile experts' are we talking about? The anger is about the other routine jobs they are stealing. Did Disney need missile experts when they replaced Americans? This was a total error by GEOTUS and he needs to fix it. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 0 points 6 hours ago I agree, but Trump only referred to Battary manufacturing and Misske manufacturing.  Thise are very specific.  He didnt talk about Disney World.  He discussed very te hnical jobs that have been outsourced for so long, we arent educated in them. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 2 points 6 hours ago Point was, whats the number of experts needed to fill those missile jobs 10,000? 50,000?. How many H1B's are coming in for other jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago You would think it would be supervisors, but I'd be pissed if it was anything else. Best thing would be to limit companies H1-B visas to a certain amount.  Maybe 10-100 based off size. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 4 points 7 hours ago Those people are covered under other Visa's, not H1B's. We know BS when we smell it. permalink award report block reply E-dantes 4 points 6 hours ago Now do 50 year mortgages, and 15 year car loans on subpar construction, and cars that don't last 5 years. permalink award report block reply assblast 3 points 6 hours ago That's literally not what he said. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 0 points 6 hours ago Thats literally what he said! Ingraham then asked if this meant “the H-1B visa thing will not be a big priority for your administration, because if you want to raise wages for American workers, you can’t flood the country with tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of foreign workers.” Trump said: “Well, I agree, but you also do have to bring in talent.” When Ingraham said, “we have plenty of talented people here,” the president responded, “No, you don’t.” When asked to clarify this comment, Trump said, “No, you don’t have certain talents and people have to learn,” and added an example that Americans could not be taken “off an unemployment line” and be put into a factory “where we’re going to make missiles.” permalink parent award report block reply mullethawk 1 points 53 minutes ago So the companies that stopped training Americans for the jobs should reap what they sowed. They did it to themselves. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 2 points 37 minutes ago Yes and No.  The federal government made it impossibke for some of these companies to operate due to taxes, regulations etc.  Alot of them may have had no choice, or they did.  Im obviously not behind the scenes. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 hours ago I don't disagree that we have a big problem. We have a large problem, but the H1Bs aren't a good solution. If you bandage up a wound, you better have a plan to clean it and fix it up quickly or else the bandage will cause the wound to fester. I do think the US has become anti-labor. I really don't know of anywhere in the US that really supports manufacturing jobs. Maybe Alabama? It costs a lot to build a factory and employ people. And most counties in the US, even in Republican areas, are ruled like fiefdoms by local politics. Eventually, the local fiefdom will demand your business be employed toward political pet projects. And if you don't, they will force your company to unionize, putting political agents between you and your workers. In China, everything is managed by the government, but the project of manufacturing is the political project. The government takes care of the people in their own way, so the companies focus on manufacturing. In America, the people by and large think that as long as they show up at a job for 40 hours a week, they should be taken care of by their company for their entire life. And the American politicians want to make sure that each company, above all else, is paying men and women the same amount of money. permalink award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 hours ago your rationalization is interesting, but points out a really bad situation: the owners may want to bring back the plant, but the entire plant is run by ManDeep and his 2000 cousins. No way you're bringing the plant back without ManDeep and his 20000 cousins because they're the only ones that worked the plant. management has no clue about operations, the COO is probably ManDeep's auntie. So you have to bring ManDeep and his 200000 cousins over and OFFER THEM PERMANENT RESIDENCE, whether in the form of a green card or outright citizenship. Otherwise, you have to abandon the plant. So ManDeep and his 2000000 cousins basically have the company over a barrel on this. There's no escaping this labor issue. The company and the US government have allowed critical assets, resources and infrastructure to be held hostage by ManDeep and his 20000000 cousins. : and knowing the government, these are multi billion US TAX PAYER dollar contracts funding ManDeep and his 200000000 cousins. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 3 hours ago That explained it better than me.  In your example, it would be more cost effective to leave the company their, and start a new one in the USA.  What would be the cost to support his 20000000 cousins? permalink parent award report block reply Belleoffreedom 1 points 7 hours ago You had me all the way to your last sentence. Maybe you should bother to get a little education about law, and what it takes to stack up an historic string of wins at the appellate and SCOTUS levels.  Another interesting aspect is the was DOGE was structured -- that was truly elegant work.  DJT did not do that:  he got legal advice.  The same goes for the EOs. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago We don't have to agrewe 100% of the time.  My problem isnt just with her, its with the entire blah way of handling with kid gloves.  Maybe Im wrong and they're working behind the scenes, but the ANTIFA stuff still going on after being designated as a terrorist org., elections still being cheated, Brennan and Clapper still yappin, illegals continue to be on the govt. titt.  These are layups.  Hope I am wrong, and we see real change, but it's like they forgot the election was stolen. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 7 hours ago 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago Trump didnt create the problem.  That started in 1998, when someone selling the country got rich. permalink parent award report block reply king_cocoon 1 points 7 hours ago The divide and conquer strategy is working wonders on this site the past few days. My deport finger is aching. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 7 hours ago Yezzir permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -1 points 7 hours ago Same.  Anyone familiar with the Honor-Killing requirement will quickly see how that concept is being applied to President Trump for stepping over the line in the sand. Gotta kill his input in order to bring DeathToAmerica! permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago It was the same deal with the “Qatari military base”. Everyone freaked out and said Trump sold out to Qatar but they weren’t getting an entire base. They were setting up training barracks and space because they just bought fighter jets from us and needed someplace to set up shop to train their pilots. This is common and done by other nations all the time. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 0 points 7 hours ago Trust Trump.  When he picks his successor all will be revealed. permalink award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Trust the plan 🤪 permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
drmrboy 23 points 7 hours ago What if I told you ... I don't believe you.  🤓 permalink award report block reply sobriquet 8 points 7 hours ago You would be very astute.  There's a law called ITAR that contradicts OP. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 3 points 7 hours ago I wouldn't either!  Read the transcript, and look at when we started outsourcing.  Dont think you'll be surprized at who was (selling) I mean running the country.
1998. https://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/articles/2022/9/30/americanize-the-defense-industry-supply-chain permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 4 hours ago Clinton? Hardly surprising. This whole bit felt astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 2 points 4 hours ago Good idea. It was an example given. Now, for the counterpoint - the H1B system doesn't have a mechanisms to make companies train American workers and while it does set an initial 6 year (3 years + 3 year extension) limitation on duration, there is the PERM process leading to I-140 Green cards. In 2022, India made up 74% (320k) of all H1B visas accepted and 58% (78k) of initial employment H1B visas (source: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/nri/us-canada-news/with-3-20-lakh-h-1b-visas-bagged-in-fy-2022-indians-continue-to-top-the-charts/articleshow/100772292.cms ) while China came in 2nd with 12% (55k) and 14% (19k). That same year, we granted 72k I-140 Green cards to Indians (that had been here multiple years)(source: https://www.adhikarilaw.com/adjust-of-status/approved-i-140-petitions-and-pending-i-485-applications-data-indicate-that-eb-2-and-eb-3-immmigrant-visa-applicants-will-still-face-a-significant-wait-time/ ). So, roughly the same amount of of initial employment (not extensions) H1B visas and I-140 Green Cards were granted. I don't know if you can find how many I-140 accepeted applicants were H1B's, it doesn't much matter. 2022 saw 150K new Indian workers, half of which are permanent. The half that are not will be in the next few years. It may not be the exact individuals, but for each of those who leave or time out of H1B, another becomes a permanent resident. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 hours ago Indeed. Even if I did believe this post, which I don’t, it takes years to build new plants, and OP is trying to tell me that can’t plan American hiring and training offshore during that transition? It’s all just so tiresome. permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 8 points 7 hours ago You would be very astute.  There's a law called ITAR that contradicts OP. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 3 points 7 hours ago I wouldn't either!  Read the transcript, and look at when we started outsourcing.  Dont think you'll be surprized at who was (selling) I mean running the country.
1998. https://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/articles/2022/9/30/americanize-the-defense-industry-supply-chain permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 4 hours ago Clinton? Hardly surprising. This whole bit felt astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 4 hours ago Clinton? Hardly surprising. This whole bit felt astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply
dems_be_crazy 2 points 4 hours ago Good idea. It was an example given. Now, for the counterpoint - the H1B system doesn't have a mechanisms to make companies train American workers and while it does set an initial 6 year (3 years + 3 year extension) limitation on duration, there is the PERM process leading to I-140 Green cards. In 2022, India made up 74% (320k) of all H1B visas accepted and 58% (78k) of initial employment H1B visas (source: https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/nri/us-canada-news/with-3-20-lakh-h-1b-visas-bagged-in-fy-2022-indians-continue-to-top-the-charts/articleshow/100772292.cms ) while China came in 2nd with 12% (55k) and 14% (19k). That same year, we granted 72k I-140 Green cards to Indians (that had been here multiple years)(source: https://www.adhikarilaw.com/adjust-of-status/approved-i-140-petitions-and-pending-i-485-applications-data-indicate-that-eb-2-and-eb-3-immmigrant-visa-applicants-will-still-face-a-significant-wait-time/ ). So, roughly the same amount of of initial employment (not extensions) H1B visas and I-140 Green Cards were granted. I don't know if you can find how many I-140 accepeted applicants were H1B's, it doesn't much matter. 2022 saw 150K new Indian workers, half of which are permanent. The half that are not will be in the next few years. It may not be the exact individuals, but for each of those who leave or time out of H1B, another becomes a permanent resident. permalink parent award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 hours ago Indeed. Even if I did believe this post, which I don’t, it takes years to build new plants, and OP is trying to tell me that can’t plan American hiring and training offshore during that transition? It’s all just so tiresome. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 14 points 7 hours ago You're pulling the missile systems out of your ass because it's one example he gave and then acting like it's the whole ball of wax. That's entirely disingenuous. H1B's are everywhere in tech, medicine, education, and manufacturing. This post is absolute damage control bullshit. And a transparently weak attempt at it at that. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP -1 points 7 hours ago Damage control?  I don't agree with HB-1 crap either.  It should only be used when absolutly necessary., and on a temporay basis.  Train, then leave...  Im only breaking down what he said, and he spoke about battary defense systems. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP -1 points 7 hours ago Damage control?  I don't agree with HB-1 crap either.  It should only be used when absolutly necessary., and on a temporay basis.  Train, then leave...  Im only breaking down what he said, and he spoke about battary defense systems. permalink parent award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 11 points 7 hours ago We DO have Americans capable of performing these roles immediately. They just DON'T want to hire and pay them fairly. permalink award report block reply LineInTheSand 2 points 4 hours ago We also have a talent deficit because American companies stopped training Americans.  They created this vicious circle of needing to hire H1Bs because of a lack of American training.  They should be held responsible for their H1B abuse by ending H1B so they are forced to train Americans again. permalink parent award report block reply
LineInTheSand 2 points 4 hours ago We also have a talent deficit because American companies stopped training Americans.  They created this vicious circle of needing to hire H1Bs because of a lack of American training.  They should be held responsible for their H1B abuse by ending H1B so they are forced to train Americans again. permalink parent award report block reply
schism 10 points 7 hours ago Why not rehire the Americans they fired after they trained their own replacements? permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 7 hours ago Without knowing the exact company/s he was referring to overseas defense outsourcing began in 1998.  The oitsource didnt happen in the last 5 years, or I would agree with you. https://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/articles/2022/9/30/americanize-the-defense-industry-supply-chain permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 7 hours ago Without knowing the exact company/s he was referring to overseas defense outsourcing began in 1998.  The oitsource didnt happen in the last 5 years, or I would agree with you. https://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/articles/2022/9/30/americanize-the-defense-industry-supply-chain permalink parent award report block reply
crashdaddy 8 points 7 hours ago They arent hiring for Burger King! They're building missle defense systems. Uh...that's worse than if they were working at Burger King. I mean, at that point, why not just put one in charge of the FBI. nobody's that crazy permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 5 points 7 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 4 hours ago Bill Clinton has entered the chat permalink parent award report block reply
rivetjoint2 5 points 7 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 2 points 4 hours ago Bill Clinton has entered the chat permalink parent award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 6 points 7 hours ago A factory in Georgia did that and didnt send the workers back home.  i think this is a sticking point with a lot of people. But knee jerk reaction folks get pissed about everything thats not according to their simple minded solutions. i agree that they have to have people to train workers but there has to be follow up to send them home. Thats where the govt fails us. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 2 points 6 hours ago Do you have the original article about that.  I seem to recall Trump saying that once the local workforce is trained then they'd send the foreign workforce home.  But I may have made that up in my head too. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago 💯☝️ permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 2 points 6 hours ago Do you have the original article about that.  I seem to recall Trump saying that once the local workforce is trained then they'd send the foreign workforce home.  But I may have made that up in my head too. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago 💯☝️ permalink parent award report block reply
RandoBudster 5 points 7 hours ago I get the point and agree about the dividers but c'mon man how many 'missile experts' are we talking about? The anger is about the other routine jobs they are stealing. Did Disney need missile experts when they replaced Americans? This was a total error by GEOTUS and he needs to fix it. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 0 points 6 hours ago I agree, but Trump only referred to Battary manufacturing and Misske manufacturing.  Thise are very specific.  He didnt talk about Disney World.  He discussed very te hnical jobs that have been outsourced for so long, we arent educated in them. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 2 points 6 hours ago Point was, whats the number of experts needed to fill those missile jobs 10,000? 50,000?. How many H1B's are coming in for other jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago You would think it would be supervisors, but I'd be pissed if it was anything else. Best thing would be to limit companies H1-B visas to a certain amount.  Maybe 10-100 based off size. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 0 points 6 hours ago I agree, but Trump only referred to Battary manufacturing and Misske manufacturing.  Thise are very specific.  He didnt talk about Disney World.  He discussed very te hnical jobs that have been outsourced for so long, we arent educated in them. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 2 points 6 hours ago Point was, whats the number of experts needed to fill those missile jobs 10,000? 50,000?. How many H1B's are coming in for other jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago You would think it would be supervisors, but I'd be pissed if it was anything else. Best thing would be to limit companies H1-B visas to a certain amount.  Maybe 10-100 based off size. permalink parent award report block reply
RandoBudster 2 points 6 hours ago Point was, whats the number of experts needed to fill those missile jobs 10,000? 50,000?. How many H1B's are coming in for other jobs? permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago You would think it would be supervisors, but I'd be pissed if it was anything else. Best thing would be to limit companies H1-B visas to a certain amount.  Maybe 10-100 based off size. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago You would think it would be supervisors, but I'd be pissed if it was anything else. Best thing would be to limit companies H1-B visas to a certain amount.  Maybe 10-100 based off size. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 4 points 7 hours ago Those people are covered under other Visa's, not H1B's. We know BS when we smell it. permalink award report block reply
E-dantes 4 points 6 hours ago Now do 50 year mortgages, and 15 year car loans on subpar construction, and cars that don't last 5 years. permalink award report block reply
assblast 3 points 6 hours ago That's literally not what he said. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 0 points 6 hours ago Thats literally what he said! Ingraham then asked if this meant “the H-1B visa thing will not be a big priority for your administration, because if you want to raise wages for American workers, you can’t flood the country with tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of foreign workers.” Trump said: “Well, I agree, but you also do have to bring in talent.” When Ingraham said, “we have plenty of talented people here,” the president responded, “No, you don’t.” When asked to clarify this comment, Trump said, “No, you don’t have certain talents and people have to learn,” and added an example that Americans could not be taken “off an unemployment line” and be put into a factory “where we’re going to make missiles.” permalink parent award report block reply mullethawk 1 points 53 minutes ago So the companies that stopped training Americans for the jobs should reap what they sowed. They did it to themselves. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 2 points 37 minutes ago Yes and No.  The federal government made it impossibke for some of these companies to operate due to taxes, regulations etc.  Alot of them may have had no choice, or they did.  Im obviously not behind the scenes. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 0 points 6 hours ago Thats literally what he said! Ingraham then asked if this meant “the H-1B visa thing will not be a big priority for your administration, because if you want to raise wages for American workers, you can’t flood the country with tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of foreign workers.” Trump said: “Well, I agree, but you also do have to bring in talent.” When Ingraham said, “we have plenty of talented people here,” the president responded, “No, you don’t.” When asked to clarify this comment, Trump said, “No, you don’t have certain talents and people have to learn,” and added an example that Americans could not be taken “off an unemployment line” and be put into a factory “where we’re going to make missiles.” permalink parent award report block reply mullethawk 1 points 53 minutes ago So the companies that stopped training Americans for the jobs should reap what they sowed. They did it to themselves. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 2 points 37 minutes ago Yes and No.  The federal government made it impossibke for some of these companies to operate due to taxes, regulations etc.  Alot of them may have had no choice, or they did.  Im obviously not behind the scenes. permalink parent award report block reply
mullethawk 1 points 53 minutes ago So the companies that stopped training Americans for the jobs should reap what they sowed. They did it to themselves. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 2 points 37 minutes ago Yes and No.  The federal government made it impossibke for some of these companies to operate due to taxes, regulations etc.  Alot of them may have had no choice, or they did.  Im obviously not behind the scenes. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 2 points 37 minutes ago Yes and No.  The federal government made it impossibke for some of these companies to operate due to taxes, regulations etc.  Alot of them may have had no choice, or they did.  Im obviously not behind the scenes. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 hours ago I don't disagree that we have a big problem. We have a large problem, but the H1Bs aren't a good solution. If you bandage up a wound, you better have a plan to clean it and fix it up quickly or else the bandage will cause the wound to fester. I do think the US has become anti-labor. I really don't know of anywhere in the US that really supports manufacturing jobs. Maybe Alabama? It costs a lot to build a factory and employ people. And most counties in the US, even in Republican areas, are ruled like fiefdoms by local politics. Eventually, the local fiefdom will demand your business be employed toward political pet projects. And if you don't, they will force your company to unionize, putting political agents between you and your workers. In China, everything is managed by the government, but the project of manufacturing is the political project. The government takes care of the people in their own way, so the companies focus on manufacturing. In America, the people by and large think that as long as they show up at a job for 40 hours a week, they should be taken care of by their company for their entire life. And the American politicians want to make sure that each company, above all else, is paying men and women the same amount of money. permalink award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 hours ago your rationalization is interesting, but points out a really bad situation: the owners may want to bring back the plant, but the entire plant is run by ManDeep and his 2000 cousins. No way you're bringing the plant back without ManDeep and his 20000 cousins because they're the only ones that worked the plant. management has no clue about operations, the COO is probably ManDeep's auntie. So you have to bring ManDeep and his 200000 cousins over and OFFER THEM PERMANENT RESIDENCE, whether in the form of a green card or outright citizenship. Otherwise, you have to abandon the plant. So ManDeep and his 2000000 cousins basically have the company over a barrel on this. There's no escaping this labor issue. The company and the US government have allowed critical assets, resources and infrastructure to be held hostage by ManDeep and his 20000000 cousins. : and knowing the government, these are multi billion US TAX PAYER dollar contracts funding ManDeep and his 200000000 cousins. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 3 hours ago That explained it better than me.  In your example, it would be more cost effective to leave the company their, and start a new one in the USA.  What would be the cost to support his 20000000 cousins? permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 3 hours ago That explained it better than me.  In your example, it would be more cost effective to leave the company their, and start a new one in the USA.  What would be the cost to support his 20000000 cousins? permalink parent award report block reply
Belleoffreedom 1 points 7 hours ago You had me all the way to your last sentence. Maybe you should bother to get a little education about law, and what it takes to stack up an historic string of wins at the appellate and SCOTUS levels.  Another interesting aspect is the was DOGE was structured -- that was truly elegant work.  DJT did not do that:  he got legal advice.  The same goes for the EOs. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago We don't have to agrewe 100% of the time.  My problem isnt just with her, its with the entire blah way of handling with kid gloves.  Maybe Im wrong and they're working behind the scenes, but the ANTIFA stuff still going on after being designated as a terrorist org., elections still being cheated, Brennan and Clapper still yappin, illegals continue to be on the govt. titt.  These are layups.  Hope I am wrong, and we see real change, but it's like they forgot the election was stolen. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago We don't have to agrewe 100% of the time.  My problem isnt just with her, its with the entire blah way of handling with kid gloves.  Maybe Im wrong and they're working behind the scenes, but the ANTIFA stuff still going on after being designated as a terrorist org., elections still being cheated, Brennan and Clapper still yappin, illegals continue to be on the govt. titt.  These are layups.  Hope I am wrong, and we see real change, but it's like they forgot the election was stolen. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 7 hours ago 3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago Trump didnt create the problem.  That started in 1998, when someone selling the country got rich. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 6 hours ago Trump didnt create the problem.  That started in 1998, when someone selling the country got rich. permalink parent award report block reply
king_cocoon 1 points 7 hours ago The divide and conquer strategy is working wonders on this site the past few days. My deport finger is aching. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead OP 1 points 7 hours ago Yezzir permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -1 points 7 hours ago Same.  Anyone familiar with the Honor-Killing requirement will quickly see how that concept is being applied to President Trump for stepping over the line in the sand. Gotta kill his input in order to bring DeathToAmerica! permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead OP 1 points 7 hours ago Yezzir permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -1 points 7 hours ago Same.  Anyone familiar with the Honor-Killing requirement will quickly see how that concept is being applied to President Trump for stepping over the line in the sand. Gotta kill his input in order to bring DeathToAmerica! permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago It was the same deal with the “Qatari military base”. Everyone freaked out and said Trump sold out to Qatar but they weren’t getting an entire base. They were setting up training barracks and space because they just bought fighter jets from us and needed someplace to set up shop to train their pilots. This is common and done by other nations all the time. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 0 points 7 hours ago Trust Trump.  When he picks his successor all will be revealed. permalink award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Trust the plan 🤪 permalink parent award report block reply
full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Trust the plan 🤪 permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply