520 I feel you bro posted 3 days ago by neosin 13 comments award share download report block
13 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save BartzFFV 7 points 3 days ago Even the Big Booty Latinas. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 3 days ago They all look like beach balls in 10 years. Yes. Even the BBLs. permalink parent award report block reply BartzFFV 3 points 3 days ago I wasn't asking a question. permalink parent award report block reply Dallasguy 5 points 3 days ago I want 50 arrests. I want 100 percent of H1bs eliminated. permalink award report block reply Comeon4954 3 points 3 days ago Everything needs to happen l at once to paralyze them. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 3 days ago I strongly suspect this is to get as much real estate (real assets with real value) into the hands of as many people as possible before making radical changes to the currency. There are major risks to messing with the dollar. It could wipe out life savings in a heartbeat like in 2008. If/when that happens, you have to rely on real assets of real value, not paper bills worth precisely jack spit. If Trump offers 50-year mortgages, it makes housing more affordable to lower income people immediately. Yes, it's the Clinton Subprime Mortgage hustle --> housing bubble all over again under traditional economics. But what if your goal was to end the fed and create a whole new dollar minted and managed by the US Congress (as per the Constitution) rather than managed by a bunch of private Jewish bankers? What if you knew the money was going to soon be worthless anyway? It's a thought. I'd not want to sign my name to one. It feels like debt slavery for life. I'd want terms allowing me to pay it sooner clearly stipulated, and then I'd do it just to avoid the interest. All contracts are negotiable. But it is an interesting strategic move, if we consider what Trump's long-term strategy is. Remember: he said he was going to break the Deep State and hand back control to the People. How did the French control their empire after they nominally gave up complete control? Banking. They controlled the money. The British did it first and still do. West Africa is finally getting free only because it has rejected French-minted money, and is looking for a gold-backed option. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago Exactly why everything is going into my housebuild. permalink parent award report block reply Stolen 3 points 3 days ago 50 year lease. You will own nothing. House prices need to come down. Either by stopping corporate takeovers, limiting Air BNB, and electing Democrats. Also, defund public financing and subsidizing of Universities. Let them compete. permalink award report block reply SickofItall 3 points 3 days ago I'd rather executions (since it guarantees that they won't be back & nobody else attempts to come here...plus it's cheaper ;) but I'll settle for deportations. permalink award report block reply spinometer2 1 points 3 days ago I WANT BOTH permalink award report block reply blitzstrasse 1 points 3 days ago Does anyone really think the Boss was serious about 50 year mortgages? I saw it as him trolling, to get people talking about real alternatives. permalink award report block reply Yamel13 -1 points 3 days ago Two things can be true at once. Calm down yall. People will still have an option for 30 year mtg, and illegals will still be deported. permalink award report block reply Burneraccountno4 1 points 3 days ago I've seen math on 50 year mortgages that it barely reduces the monthly vs a 30 and thus it really is a debt slavery trap. Government shouldn't be involved in anything that encourages stupid people to commit economic suicide. permalink parent award report block reply
BartzFFV 7 points 3 days ago Even the Big Booty Latinas. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 3 days ago They all look like beach balls in 10 years. Yes. Even the BBLs. permalink parent award report block reply BartzFFV 3 points 3 days ago I wasn't asking a question. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 2 points 3 days ago They all look like beach balls in 10 years. Yes. Even the BBLs. permalink parent award report block reply BartzFFV 3 points 3 days ago I wasn't asking a question. permalink parent award report block reply
BartzFFV 3 points 3 days ago I wasn't asking a question. permalink parent award report block reply
Dallasguy 5 points 3 days ago I want 50 arrests. I want 100 percent of H1bs eliminated. permalink award report block reply
Comeon4954 3 points 3 days ago Everything needs to happen l at once to paralyze them. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 3 days ago I strongly suspect this is to get as much real estate (real assets with real value) into the hands of as many people as possible before making radical changes to the currency. There are major risks to messing with the dollar. It could wipe out life savings in a heartbeat like in 2008. If/when that happens, you have to rely on real assets of real value, not paper bills worth precisely jack spit. If Trump offers 50-year mortgages, it makes housing more affordable to lower income people immediately. Yes, it's the Clinton Subprime Mortgage hustle --> housing bubble all over again under traditional economics. But what if your goal was to end the fed and create a whole new dollar minted and managed by the US Congress (as per the Constitution) rather than managed by a bunch of private Jewish bankers? What if you knew the money was going to soon be worthless anyway? It's a thought. I'd not want to sign my name to one. It feels like debt slavery for life. I'd want terms allowing me to pay it sooner clearly stipulated, and then I'd do it just to avoid the interest. All contracts are negotiable. But it is an interesting strategic move, if we consider what Trump's long-term strategy is. Remember: he said he was going to break the Deep State and hand back control to the People. How did the French control their empire after they nominally gave up complete control? Banking. They controlled the money. The British did it first and still do. West Africa is finally getting free only because it has rejected French-minted money, and is looking for a gold-backed option. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago Exactly why everything is going into my housebuild. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 2 points 3 days ago I strongly suspect this is to get as much real estate (real assets with real value) into the hands of as many people as possible before making radical changes to the currency. There are major risks to messing with the dollar. It could wipe out life savings in a heartbeat like in 2008. If/when that happens, you have to rely on real assets of real value, not paper bills worth precisely jack spit. If Trump offers 50-year mortgages, it makes housing more affordable to lower income people immediately. Yes, it's the Clinton Subprime Mortgage hustle --> housing bubble all over again under traditional economics. But what if your goal was to end the fed and create a whole new dollar minted and managed by the US Congress (as per the Constitution) rather than managed by a bunch of private Jewish bankers? What if you knew the money was going to soon be worthless anyway? It's a thought. I'd not want to sign my name to one. It feels like debt slavery for life. I'd want terms allowing me to pay it sooner clearly stipulated, and then I'd do it just to avoid the interest. All contracts are negotiable. But it is an interesting strategic move, if we consider what Trump's long-term strategy is. Remember: he said he was going to break the Deep State and hand back control to the People. How did the French control their empire after they nominally gave up complete control? Banking. They controlled the money. The British did it first and still do. West Africa is finally getting free only because it has rejected French-minted money, and is looking for a gold-backed option. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago Exactly why everything is going into my housebuild. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago Exactly why everything is going into my housebuild. permalink parent award report block reply
Stolen 3 points 3 days ago 50 year lease. You will own nothing. House prices need to come down. Either by stopping corporate takeovers, limiting Air BNB, and electing Democrats. Also, defund public financing and subsidizing of Universities. Let them compete. permalink award report block reply
SickofItall 3 points 3 days ago I'd rather executions (since it guarantees that they won't be back & nobody else attempts to come here...plus it's cheaper ;) but I'll settle for deportations. permalink award report block reply
spinometer2 1 points 3 days ago I WANT BOTH permalink award report block reply
blitzstrasse 1 points 3 days ago Does anyone really think the Boss was serious about 50 year mortgages? I saw it as him trolling, to get people talking about real alternatives. permalink award report block reply
Yamel13 -1 points 3 days ago Two things can be true at once. Calm down yall. People will still have an option for 30 year mtg, and illegals will still be deported. permalink award report block reply Burneraccountno4 1 points 3 days ago I've seen math on 50 year mortgages that it barely reduces the monthly vs a 30 and thus it really is a debt slavery trap. Government shouldn't be involved in anything that encourages stupid people to commit economic suicide. permalink parent award report block reply
Burneraccountno4 1 points 3 days ago I've seen math on 50 year mortgages that it barely reduces the monthly vs a 30 and thus it really is a debt slavery trap. Government shouldn't be involved in anything that encourages stupid people to commit economic suicide. permalink parent award report block reply