625 UK Waking Up? Nationalist Member of Parliament Rupert Lowe Calls To Create A "Hostile And Unwelcoming Environment" For Illegals.  Several high-profile business leaders & far-left politicians said the remarks were anti-British, he said he "couldn't give a shit" what they think. (www.zerohedge.com) posted 3 hours ago by rdvs34283 37 comments award share report block Nationalist MP Enrages UK Far-Left With Call To Create A "Hostile And Unwelcoming Environment" For Illegals ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
37 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save RedCapNation 26 points 3 hours ago We need the same here. Especially for Muslims. Make them uncomfortable. Even better yet, make them scared. permalink award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 6 points 3 hours ago I never understood their victim mentality after 9/11. A majority of them agree with the extremists. Now in 2025, we've never had such stark division between muzzies and those who hold American values. Perhaps it's a jewish psyop, perhaps it's the countless refugees from countries we've bombed freed. Perhaps it's the decades of indoctrination in American colleges by foreign Islamist groups like Muslim Brotherhood. Society no longer extends to them. They have their own insulated culture, private relationships, and system of government, it's separate from US society and government. They can't be scared because they don't care about anything outside of their total cultural isolation. permalink parent award report block reply JiggsawCalrissian 5 points 3 hours ago Taqiyya permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 3 points 2 hours ago Its just emotional manipulation. Muslims go after Christmas and displays of religious symbols in all the countries they colonize. When someone tells them to fuck off they cry their world dominating religion is somehow "oppressed". Somehow we gotta hear their 6 am calls to prayer tho. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago And the other 4 times during the day iirc. permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 2 points 2 hours ago It's all for democrat voting power. Gimmigrants vote dem + are used for ballot harvesting. Their violent culture is a symptom. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 2 points 3 hours ago this won't do anything.  the issue is that the establishment is importing them.  you either target the establishment, or you lose.  it's as simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply NicklePickle2 1 points 3 hours ago Would you like open up a pork only butcher shop across the street from my pork only butcher shop in Dearborn? permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 hours ago Put a military base in Minneapolis permalink parent award report block reply KuzoKevin 8 points 3 hours ago Well done, good sir.  Well done. permalink award report block reply THELEADERSOFMEN 5 points 2 hours ago He even said he could NOT give a shit…bravo sir!!! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 28 minutes ago That’s Trump energy right there. permalink parent award report block reply THELEADERSOFMEN 1 points 6 minutes ago Well, mostly I was impressed that he used the correct grammar, considering most people say they COULD give a shit, which means they do indeed care. He’s not even a native English speaker, so once again thank you public screwel teachers for the standout work. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago They don't know what the fuck they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 7 points 3 hours ago There will be no Britain if they don't. What's more anti-British than that? permalink award report block reply maverick202 3 points 3 hours ago The only way to save Britain at this point is complete ban on immigration (legal and illigal) for at least 2 generations to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. But with immigrants now in control of major policies, I don't see it happening. Britain is done. Stick a fork in it. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 4 points 38 minutes ago to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. Lmao, this guy thinks they want to assimilate. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 0 points 36 minutes ago The immigrants kids born here and their kids will eventually assimilate. Hence I said two generations. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 1 points 14 minutes ago Except they stick in their own enclaves. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 2 points 2 hours ago TRAITORS are in control. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago US isn't too far behind with NYC, Minnesota and Michigan falling and the trend accelerating through the country. Edit: We're actually only 10 years  behind UK. Sadiq Khan was elected in 2016 for the first time as London Meyer. We have Mamdani in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 3 points 3 hours ago Just like American demons. Pro-British is called "anti-British". permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 2 hours ago It's a danger to "our democracy". permalink parent award report block reply Lawless 2 points 3 hours ago Nobody is more anti anything than a leftist that can't control you permalink award report block reply XlDEN 2 points 3 hours ago Britain’s real problem is with their rampant LEGAL immigration, which is designed to destroy the country. Their illegal immigration is negligible in comparison since basically everyone is given asylum. permalink award report block reply militantnationalist6 2 points 2 hours ago This is the difference between conservatives and nationalists. permalink award report block reply BigMikesChef 2 points 36 minutes ago Wayyyy too late for the UK. Almost too late for the US. permalink award report block reply Torinus 1 points 3 hours ago Rupert Lowe has been at it for years but he is one man permalink award report block reply Briben 1 points 2 hours ago Rupert Lowe, saying these things in Parliament, will give cover to Nigel Farage and other conservatives, with a small “c”, to move further to the right and position themselves as the less extreme alternative.  I think you underestimate how useful his speeches may end up. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 1 points 40 minutes ago Hand-wringing over a decade after it became a problem to secure more votes. Transparent. The UK is done and nothing will bring it back. permalink award report block reply 20FREEDOMLIBERTY20 1 points 2 hours ago Oh, that man is a national treasure. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 1 points 1 hour ago "Hostile environment" Literally all you have to do is stop giving them free shit, and that would end 90% of the invasion. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 24 minutes ago Probably a civil war there would be roving bands of death squads. A dirty war. permalink award report block reply LegendFang 1 points 3 hours ago A perfect example of the "no true Scotsman" logical fallacy. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago the Brits having more balls than trump permalink award report block reply
RedCapNation 26 points 3 hours ago We need the same here. Especially for Muslims. Make them uncomfortable. Even better yet, make them scared. permalink award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 6 points 3 hours ago I never understood their victim mentality after 9/11. A majority of them agree with the extremists. Now in 2025, we've never had such stark division between muzzies and those who hold American values. Perhaps it's a jewish psyop, perhaps it's the countless refugees from countries we've bombed freed. Perhaps it's the decades of indoctrination in American colleges by foreign Islamist groups like Muslim Brotherhood. Society no longer extends to them. They have their own insulated culture, private relationships, and system of government, it's separate from US society and government. They can't be scared because they don't care about anything outside of their total cultural isolation. permalink parent award report block reply JiggsawCalrissian 5 points 3 hours ago Taqiyya permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 3 points 2 hours ago Its just emotional manipulation. Muslims go after Christmas and displays of religious symbols in all the countries they colonize. When someone tells them to fuck off they cry their world dominating religion is somehow "oppressed". Somehow we gotta hear their 6 am calls to prayer tho. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago And the other 4 times during the day iirc. permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 2 points 2 hours ago It's all for democrat voting power. Gimmigrants vote dem + are used for ballot harvesting. Their violent culture is a symptom. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 2 points 3 hours ago this won't do anything.  the issue is that the establishment is importing them.  you either target the establishment, or you lose.  it's as simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply NicklePickle2 1 points 3 hours ago Would you like open up a pork only butcher shop across the street from my pork only butcher shop in Dearborn? permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 hours ago Put a military base in Minneapolis permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 6 points 3 hours ago I never understood their victim mentality after 9/11. A majority of them agree with the extremists. Now in 2025, we've never had such stark division between muzzies and those who hold American values. Perhaps it's a jewish psyop, perhaps it's the countless refugees from countries we've bombed freed. Perhaps it's the decades of indoctrination in American colleges by foreign Islamist groups like Muslim Brotherhood. Society no longer extends to them. They have their own insulated culture, private relationships, and system of government, it's separate from US society and government. They can't be scared because they don't care about anything outside of their total cultural isolation. permalink parent award report block reply JiggsawCalrissian 5 points 3 hours ago Taqiyya permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 3 points 2 hours ago Its just emotional manipulation. Muslims go after Christmas and displays of religious symbols in all the countries they colonize. When someone tells them to fuck off they cry their world dominating religion is somehow "oppressed". Somehow we gotta hear their 6 am calls to prayer tho. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago And the other 4 times during the day iirc. permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 2 points 2 hours ago It's all for democrat voting power. Gimmigrants vote dem + are used for ballot harvesting. Their violent culture is a symptom. permalink parent award report block reply
JiggsawCalrissian 5 points 3 hours ago Taqiyya permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 3 points 2 hours ago Its just emotional manipulation. Muslims go after Christmas and displays of religious symbols in all the countries they colonize. When someone tells them to fuck off they cry their world dominating religion is somehow "oppressed". Somehow we gotta hear their 6 am calls to prayer tho. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago And the other 4 times during the day iirc. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago And the other 4 times during the day iirc. permalink parent award report block reply
PelosisPuss 2 points 2 hours ago It's all for democrat voting power. Gimmigrants vote dem + are used for ballot harvesting. Their violent culture is a symptom. permalink parent award report block reply
yodayoda 2 points 3 hours ago this won't do anything.  the issue is that the establishment is importing them.  you either target the establishment, or you lose.  it's as simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply
NicklePickle2 1 points 3 hours ago Would you like open up a pork only butcher shop across the street from my pork only butcher shop in Dearborn? permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 hours ago Put a military base in Minneapolis permalink parent award report block reply
KuzoKevin 8 points 3 hours ago Well done, good sir.  Well done. permalink award report block reply THELEADERSOFMEN 5 points 2 hours ago He even said he could NOT give a shit…bravo sir!!! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 28 minutes ago That’s Trump energy right there. permalink parent award report block reply THELEADERSOFMEN 1 points 6 minutes ago Well, mostly I was impressed that he used the correct grammar, considering most people say they COULD give a shit, which means they do indeed care. He’s not even a native English speaker, so once again thank you public screwel teachers for the standout work. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago They don't know what the fuck they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
THELEADERSOFMEN 5 points 2 hours ago He even said he could NOT give a shit…bravo sir!!! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 28 minutes ago That’s Trump energy right there. permalink parent award report block reply THELEADERSOFMEN 1 points 6 minutes ago Well, mostly I was impressed that he used the correct grammar, considering most people say they COULD give a shit, which means they do indeed care. He’s not even a native English speaker, so once again thank you public screwel teachers for the standout work. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago They don't know what the fuck they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 2 points 28 minutes ago That’s Trump energy right there. permalink parent award report block reply THELEADERSOFMEN 1 points 6 minutes ago Well, mostly I was impressed that he used the correct grammar, considering most people say they COULD give a shit, which means they do indeed care. He’s not even a native English speaker, so once again thank you public screwel teachers for the standout work. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago They don't know what the fuck they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
THELEADERSOFMEN 1 points 6 minutes ago Well, mostly I was impressed that he used the correct grammar, considering most people say they COULD give a shit, which means they do indeed care. He’s not even a native English speaker, so once again thank you public screwel teachers for the standout work. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 1 points 25 minutes ago They don't know what the fuck they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
hellohellohellohell 7 points 3 hours ago There will be no Britain if they don't. What's more anti-British than that? permalink award report block reply maverick202 3 points 3 hours ago The only way to save Britain at this point is complete ban on immigration (legal and illigal) for at least 2 generations to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. But with immigrants now in control of major policies, I don't see it happening. Britain is done. Stick a fork in it. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 4 points 38 minutes ago to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. Lmao, this guy thinks they want to assimilate. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 0 points 36 minutes ago The immigrants kids born here and their kids will eventually assimilate. Hence I said two generations. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 1 points 14 minutes ago Except they stick in their own enclaves. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 2 points 2 hours ago TRAITORS are in control. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago US isn't too far behind with NYC, Minnesota and Michigan falling and the trend accelerating through the country. Edit: We're actually only 10 years  behind UK. Sadiq Khan was elected in 2016 for the first time as London Meyer. We have Mamdani in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 3 points 3 hours ago The only way to save Britain at this point is complete ban on immigration (legal and illigal) for at least 2 generations to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. But with immigrants now in control of major policies, I don't see it happening. Britain is done. Stick a fork in it. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 4 points 38 minutes ago to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. Lmao, this guy thinks they want to assimilate. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 0 points 36 minutes ago The immigrants kids born here and their kids will eventually assimilate. Hence I said two generations. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 1 points 14 minutes ago Except they stick in their own enclaves. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 2 points 2 hours ago TRAITORS are in control. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago US isn't too far behind with NYC, Minnesota and Michigan falling and the trend accelerating through the country. Edit: We're actually only 10 years  behind UK. Sadiq Khan was elected in 2016 for the first time as London Meyer. We have Mamdani in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 4 points 38 minutes ago to give time for current immigrants kids to assimilate with British culture. Lmao, this guy thinks they want to assimilate. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 0 points 36 minutes ago The immigrants kids born here and their kids will eventually assimilate. Hence I said two generations. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 1 points 14 minutes ago Except they stick in their own enclaves. permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 0 points 36 minutes ago The immigrants kids born here and their kids will eventually assimilate. Hence I said two generations. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 1 points 14 minutes ago Except they stick in their own enclaves. permalink parent award report block reply
Meathe 1 points 14 minutes ago Except they stick in their own enclaves. permalink parent award report block reply
Bramage 2 points 2 hours ago TRAITORS are in control. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago US isn't too far behind with NYC, Minnesota and Michigan falling and the trend accelerating through the country. Edit: We're actually only 10 years  behind UK. Sadiq Khan was elected in 2016 for the first time as London Meyer. We have Mamdani in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago US isn't too far behind with NYC, Minnesota and Michigan falling and the trend accelerating through the country. Edit: We're actually only 10 years  behind UK. Sadiq Khan was elected in 2016 for the first time as London Meyer. We have Mamdani in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 3 points 3 hours ago Just like American demons. Pro-British is called "anti-British". permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 2 hours ago It's a danger to "our democracy". permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 1 points 2 hours ago It's a danger to "our democracy". permalink parent award report block reply
Lawless 2 points 3 hours ago Nobody is more anti anything than a leftist that can't control you permalink award report block reply
XlDEN 2 points 3 hours ago Britain’s real problem is with their rampant LEGAL immigration, which is designed to destroy the country. Their illegal immigration is negligible in comparison since basically everyone is given asylum. permalink award report block reply
militantnationalist6 2 points 2 hours ago This is the difference between conservatives and nationalists. permalink award report block reply
BigMikesChef 2 points 36 minutes ago Wayyyy too late for the UK. Almost too late for the US. permalink award report block reply
Torinus 1 points 3 hours ago Rupert Lowe has been at it for years but he is one man permalink award report block reply Briben 1 points 2 hours ago Rupert Lowe, saying these things in Parliament, will give cover to Nigel Farage and other conservatives, with a small “c”, to move further to the right and position themselves as the less extreme alternative.  I think you underestimate how useful his speeches may end up. permalink parent award report block reply
Briben 1 points 2 hours ago Rupert Lowe, saying these things in Parliament, will give cover to Nigel Farage and other conservatives, with a small “c”, to move further to the right and position themselves as the less extreme alternative.  I think you underestimate how useful his speeches may end up. permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 1 points 40 minutes ago Hand-wringing over a decade after it became a problem to secure more votes. Transparent. The UK is done and nothing will bring it back. permalink award report block reply
20FREEDOMLIBERTY20 1 points 2 hours ago Oh, that man is a national treasure. permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 1 points 1 hour ago "Hostile environment" Literally all you have to do is stop giving them free shit, and that would end 90% of the invasion. permalink award report block reply
shadypollster 1 points 24 minutes ago Probably a civil war there would be roving bands of death squads. A dirty war. permalink award report block reply
LegendFang 1 points 3 hours ago A perfect example of the "no true Scotsman" logical fallacy. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago the Brits having more balls than trump permalink award report block reply