126 How about we make it mandatory companies must hire one American along with every H1B visa. After the  H1B “trains” American to do the job, they go home. H1B gets job experience that they can help their home country. posted 13 hours ago by Spinedoc 7 comments award share report block .
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 5 Parasite Causing Foods You Should Stop Eating Right Now Paratoxil Immafancyboy 9 points 12 hours ago Or we just have Americans train Americans and everyone stays where they are at. permalink award report block reply Tiberius1 5 points 12 hours ago How about we prosecute and publicly hang anyone hiring H1B anything.  Enough of this bullshit. permalink award report block reply SnowSnake 4 points 13 hours ago How 'bout the jeets stay where they are and train us dumb Americans via zoom meeting? permalink award report block reply ChilledCovfefe 3 points 12 hours ago Most jobs don’t require us to be trained, I am fighting to find a new permanent tech job with decades of experience and I am competing with  a million H1b and green cards along with 200,000 other laid off people just like me.  I have dozens of laid off colleagues that are desperately looking and can’t even get interviews. H1b needs to go. permalink award report block reply MakinBacon 2 points 10 hours ago nope....how bout no h1b's permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 12 hours ago Too logical. It will never happen. permalink award report block reply hazelknut 1 points 3 hours ago I'd rather see it shut down. no compromises...like we were promised. permalink award report block reply
Immafancyboy 9 points 12 hours ago Or we just have Americans train Americans and everyone stays where they are at. permalink award report block reply
Tiberius1 5 points 12 hours ago How about we prosecute and publicly hang anyone hiring H1B anything.  Enough of this bullshit. permalink award report block reply
SnowSnake 4 points 13 hours ago How 'bout the jeets stay where they are and train us dumb Americans via zoom meeting? permalink award report block reply
ChilledCovfefe 3 points 12 hours ago Most jobs don’t require us to be trained, I am fighting to find a new permanent tech job with decades of experience and I am competing with  a million H1b and green cards along with 200,000 other laid off people just like me.  I have dozens of laid off colleagues that are desperately looking and can’t even get interviews. H1b needs to go. permalink award report block reply
MakinBacon 2 points 10 hours ago nope....how bout no h1b's permalink award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 12 hours ago Too logical. It will never happen. permalink award report block reply
hazelknut 1 points 3 hours ago I'd rather see it shut down. no compromises...like we were promised. permalink award report block reply