556 🔴Trump Truth: "Major Health Insurance Company Stock Performance After Obamacare" TRUMP  TRUTH posted 5 days ago by DeusVult1096 90 comments award share download report block
90 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save The Real Story Behind His Exit No One Saw Coming Read More Ads by Ad.Style Krat 52 points 5 days ago Obamacare was meant to be an enslavement mechanism to make everyone fully dependant on the government and thus controllable for invasion permalink award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 26 points 5 days ago Obamacare forces everyone to contribute to the Rockefeller allopathic system of petroleum based pharmaceuticals, symptoms, and surgeries while ignoring cheap or natural cures, prevention, nutrition, and root causes permalink parent award report block reply davidac1982 7 points 5 days ago Don’t you dare touch my coal tar Tylenol. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 4 points 5 days ago Don't you mean Advil? I think tylenol is the one that causes Autism. Nobody in my family took Tylenol. President Trump said the quiet part out loud and the establishment is quaking permalink parent award report block reply Ladybug87 6 points 5 days ago First they get obese and unhealthy by buying sodas, snacks and candy with the SNAP benefits we subsidize, then they use the healthcare that we also subsidize to treat said health problems.... permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Or it was meant to just funnel tax payer money to health insurance companies, who then turn around and "lobby" the same politicians by giving them a percentage. You know, ten percent for the big guy. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It could easily be both. All actors in this scheme have their own motivation, and none of them are good for us. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 2 points 5 days ago Ironically, Obamacare was just a replica of a Republican plan from 1992, back when Republicans wanted to facilitate the transfer of wealth from the middle class to the wealthy. I believe Obama's intention was to use it as a stopgap to single-payer (which would likely be significantly better and cheaper than what we have now, by far), but Republicans blocked it. I don't believe it is possible to undo and put it back to how it was in 2010 anymore. I cannot fathom how that would even work. I really do feel like the ultimate result will be universal healthcare in the US... probably passed by the demcrat supermajority we're stuck with in 2029. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 38 points 5 days ago I made alot of liberals mad when I told them pre and post Obama-Care prices. Also lost a promotion over it too. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk -7 points 5 days ago Do you mean to tell us that you did not lose this promotion over your insistence that "alot" is a word, your aversion to commas, or your synonym redundancy (i.e., bookending a sentence with both "also" and "too")? /s permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 15 points 5 days ago Do you make a lot of friends bitching about grammar? permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 8 points 5 days ago shh... they think it's 2010 on reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Songofsixpence 5 points 5 days ago Haha I remember 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk -3 points 5 days ago Thank you for your proper spelling of "a lot." permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Fuck off, handshake. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 3 points 5 days ago Well I thought it was funny. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 18 points 5 days ago monkadelic 20 points 5 days ago They don't get rich from people going to the doctor.  They get rich by $1200 a month premiums with $16k deductibles. Paid by people who can't afford to actually go to a doctor after paying for "insurance". permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 5 days ago RStroud 10 points 5 days ago Welcome to the problems with risk pooling/insurance 101: low risk individualsdon't want to pay for stuff they very likely won't benefit from. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic -8 points 5 days ago So your poor and have nothing to lose.  Or a retard. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 5 days ago view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago No no...he is just immune to aging and spends all day standing still eating nutrition paste and doing mandated exercise. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... ohpleaseuhhelpame 5 points 5 days ago one visit to a hospital and before you get your bill or finish treating you they hit you with your out of pocket cost...9k right off the bat..I remember when it was 2k. ACA needs to be replaced. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Mines 16k, I can't afford that fancy 9k stuff.  ACA is garbage, but most people don't understand how it works, and how much the taxpayer is footing the bill. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago I'm just old enough to remember hospital prices before ACA, and how insurance companies would fight for you to keep prices down. lol... permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 9 points 5 days ago I would wager the obsession stems from a chronic unhealthiness epidemic, compounded by the frightfulness of having an inevitable end date (mortality) without the reassuring comfort of faith, especially faith in an afterlife. We have become a God-denying, fat lot with poor impulse control. permalink parent award report block reply Josemarti 3 points 5 days ago We're fallen creatures and they think secularism will fix them. permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 3 points 5 days ago Because they think doctors can micromanage their health with 15 minute visits and a pill.  Plus everything requires a specialist these days. permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 10 points 5 days ago Ask yourself: Who is really orchestrating and benefitting from this racket SCAM ? permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 9 points 5 days ago If you squint you can see your lost earnings. permalink award report block reply flp999 7 points 5 days ago YES!!! TRUMP TAKING ON THE CORPORATISTS!!! There he is, the real GEOTUS. Love it. permalink award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 5 points 5 days ago Firing off a tweet is not 'taking on the corporatists'.  If you are appeased by a tweet, then you are the problem. permalink parent award report block reply dissledat 7 points 5 days ago For context, the Dow Jones around March 2010 was around ~$10,600, and now it's about $47k, an increase of about 443%. Certainly UHC is outperforming the others, but this chart doesn't make that strong of a case that Obamacare is unfairly making insurance companies rich. Better chart might be to show how Obamacare completely failed in slowing healthcare spending: https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/u-s-spending-healthcare-changed-time/ Tweeting about Obamacare isn't enough... We already know the system's fucked up. It's the entire healthcare cartel (doctors, hospitals, drug companies) that's a problem, it's easy to focus on the insurance co's since we on the consumer side are always dealing with them. Obamacare is a half assed solution; and half ass solutions ALWAYS cause more problems to clean up down the line. permalink award report block reply Binski 6 points 5 days ago Can someone red pill me on Trumps replacement plan for Obamacare? because as a small time self-employed tradesman as much as I never use it I'd like to have it. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Let the free market do its job.  It worked just fine before Obamacare, and poor people got healthcare for free even then.  If your healthcare is inexpensive now, its because the government is subsidizing your monthly payment $2000 a month, at least. It shouldn't cost that much for you to have health insurance. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 5 days ago It wasn't fine before. Don't let the horrendous situation now make you yearn for those days. Our healthcare has been semi-socialized for many many decades. Medicare is the reason it's fucked and that shit needs to go. Also, the subsidies aren't covering as much as you suggest. They covered less than 20% of the total budget. And most people will see an increase of less than that. More like 15%. Still not good but let's be realistic. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 4 points 5 days ago You don't get how it works.  I'll assume you're insured via an employer.  As a 1099, its black and white.  Obamacare costs roughly 2k a month for the worst plan they offer.  Depending on your income, they "subsidize" the rest.  If you make 25k a year, you probably pay 50 bucks a month, and the taxpayer picks up the tab for the remaining $1950.  Guess what happens if you make 150k a year...thats right, you pay the entire 2k a month, with a 16k deductible.  Essentially catastrophe insurance.  Any doctor visit, you're going to pay for that too, until you hit the 16k a year.  I'll yearn for the days when I just paid for my health insurance and the government stayed out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 1 points 5 days ago I looked into it and subsidies don't kick in with any meaningful impact until below the poverty level.   What does someone get who makes $50k?   Not below poverty level but fucked regardless. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Have you considered being rich...or dead? permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 6 points 5 days ago This is what happens when you attach healthcare insurance to employment.  People don’t want that and it’s wrong.  Especially when employers just hire h1b and axe benefits the second they know they can find someone who will work without them.  If we only had a system
In place to take care of 1099 workers and small business owners I don’t think Obamacare would have had to happen.  Companies don’t pay car insurance why the hell were they subsidizing health insurance to begin with.? permalink award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 5 days ago People had way better healthcare plans via their employer with less deductibles and vastly smaller premiums before Obamacare. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah I remember. My insurance was $60 a month. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 5 points 5 days ago I was paying $200 per month self employed for a family of 4.   Now it's $2500/mo. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 5 days ago Go back a hundred years and we had it even better. http://freenation.org/a/f12l3.html permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago That’s the problem. It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company.  Meaning doesn’t take care of 1099, part time, or small business owners just starting.  It should have nothing to do with employers paying insurance.  Do I get better car insurance though my employer too or homeowners insurance?  Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 1 points 4 days ago It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company. I've worked at companies with less than 50 employees that offered health insurance before Obamacare. Of course it doesn't take care of part-time or 1099 employees - that's the whole point of those classifications. Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong No. The complete government takeover and restrictions placed on health insurance and what they can offer, is what got us into this mess. The majority of people lost their good healthcare packages had them replaced by Obamacare compliant plans. You used to be able to buy catastrophic healthcare plans that only covered major medical from emergencies, these were completely restricted after the passage of the AHCA.  Employee healthcare packages were considered a benefit, and made health insurance more affordable for individuals who got a group plan rate. Most people today could not afford their family  >$1,500 cost of healthcare with a direct plan of their own. I met very few people who had problems with their healthcare plans from their employer before the AHCA (one of the major problems people did have, was pre-existing conditions.) however, most people paying with no tax-credits, or employer pay-in have seen a 40% increase in less than 4 years and it is getting worse each year. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It's also not a natural movement of the free market. Employer based health insurance originated when wages were capped by the government as a way to strongarm people into signing up for the military to go die overseas in retarded wars. Employers had to try and find ways other than inceased pay to attract and retain top talent, and health insurance and other benefits were one of those workarounds. As usual, government interference is the source of all our problems. permalink parent award report block reply The_Ikonoclast 5 points 5 days ago It's almost, almost , like they did this to enrich themselves...but our elected officials have integrity and are altruistic... permalink award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago So, when are we going to fix healthcare? permalink award report block reply monkadelic 6 points 5 days ago That's the black pill.  Obama even admitted it.  It can't be fixed with anything other than repeal and replace.  Since that can't happen (thanks Mcain), we are doomed to universal healthcare, giant subsides was just a stop-gap. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 5 days ago It could happen if they tried again. The GOP is useless and Trump doesn't seem to want to do it either. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 4 days ago That ship's sailed. Political will has evaporated. Kiss it goodbye, Smalls. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago The people want a better Healthcare system. It's the GOP who doesn't care. They'd rather do nothing and then pretend to put up a resistance when the dems are back in power and try to pass government run healthcare permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RememberCharlieKirk 5 points 5 days ago President Trump cites the November 2025 stock prices. The November 2022 stock prices are even more shockingly high across these seven insurance companies, nearly double the numbers for 2025. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 4 points 5 days ago If the MAGA front of the Republican Party moves against insurance companies, especially over their Obamacare scam, that would be a great course of action. I want meaningful reform, not assassinations like the leftwing degenerates do. permalink award report block reply Jamps 4 points 5 days ago What happened after O-care is people without pre-existing conditions started having to pay pre-existing condition prices (e/g COBRA or whatever state sponsored plans handled that).  Then they doubled/tripled it over the years.   It's insane.   I have a pre-existing in the household so when O-care first kicked in it wasn't horrible but then it went crazy.    Over 30k per year now for family of 4 vs $10k in 2008.   In 2008 without the pre-existing it would have been only $2k per year.   Every year it goes up at least 20%.   Make it make sense. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 5 days ago Wonder which plan President Trump is going with. permalink award report block reply Yawnz13 4 points 5 days ago Gee, it's almost like making a law requiring people to purchase a product does this. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 4 points 5 days ago Losers could have invested in gold and gotten 1000% without defrauding the people. permalink award report block reply MajorClark 3 points 5 days ago You can bet Obama, Biden, Schumer, & others are being paid off from these insurance companies.   Is John Thune afraid he won't get his payoff?   Is this why he won't nuke the filibuster? permalink award report block reply Boomstikchik 2 points 5 days ago All of it a complete scam to bilk and launder money for politicians via kickbacks. Obamacare needs to be irraticated. permalink award report block reply Tookens 2 points 5 days ago Ohh.. so THAT's why I'm forced to pay $2,000/month for health insurance for the wife and I. permalink award report block reply BillyBillington 2 points 4 days ago It seems to be standard practice now that insurance covers nothing until the deductible is met. Not even a basic office visit. The coverage goes down and the price goes up. permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 2 points 5 days ago The system before Obamacare wasn’t perfect. However, I would rather have that than the current disaster.  Get rid of ObamaCare be a great first step with some very basic guard rails and let the market handle the rest permalink award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 2 points 5 days ago Democrats wanted universal healthcare. Insurance companies knew it would bankrupt them. So the insurance companies lobbied for the individual mandate and other subsidies. permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 2 points 5 days ago just fyi, dow up 400% that same period, so I would say Anthem and Humana no big deal. permalink award report block reply GoldwaterVoter 1 points 5 days ago 2004: 61 YO single male, no major medical issues, full coverage via Blue Cross, $350/mo. permalink award report block reply thelastlast 1 points 5 days ago so thats why they wanted to pass it so badly. permalink award report block reply dunkeaters 1 points 5 days ago Whenever you see news articles like "man's healthcare costs going up $20,000 because of Trump!", translate to "Obamacare has been funneling $20,000 per year to an insurance company for just one policy". It's not an accident that the government pays way, way more per policy than companies do to cover their employees. It's a grift. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 5 days ago Doesn't mean anything unless you compare another period of time, though it looks like United Health Group fared better than Apple which doesn't really make sense without Obamacare. permalink award report block reply delnaga 1 points 4 days ago Follow the money! permalink award report block reply AntiCommunist 1 points 4 days ago That really has nothing to do with Obamacare and more so the continued recovery from the Great Recession. Almost every single stock group has grown exponentially since 2010. 15 years ago. permalink award report block reply
Krat 52 points 5 days ago Obamacare was meant to be an enslavement mechanism to make everyone fully dependant on the government and thus controllable for invasion permalink award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 26 points 5 days ago Obamacare forces everyone to contribute to the Rockefeller allopathic system of petroleum based pharmaceuticals, symptoms, and surgeries while ignoring cheap or natural cures, prevention, nutrition, and root causes permalink parent award report block reply davidac1982 7 points 5 days ago Don’t you dare touch my coal tar Tylenol. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 4 points 5 days ago Don't you mean Advil? I think tylenol is the one that causes Autism. Nobody in my family took Tylenol. President Trump said the quiet part out loud and the establishment is quaking permalink parent award report block reply Ladybug87 6 points 5 days ago First they get obese and unhealthy by buying sodas, snacks and candy with the SNAP benefits we subsidize, then they use the healthcare that we also subsidize to treat said health problems.... permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Or it was meant to just funnel tax payer money to health insurance companies, who then turn around and "lobby" the same politicians by giving them a percentage. You know, ten percent for the big guy. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It could easily be both. All actors in this scheme have their own motivation, and none of them are good for us. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 2 points 5 days ago Ironically, Obamacare was just a replica of a Republican plan from 1992, back when Republicans wanted to facilitate the transfer of wealth from the middle class to the wealthy. I believe Obama's intention was to use it as a stopgap to single-payer (which would likely be significantly better and cheaper than what we have now, by far), but Republicans blocked it. I don't believe it is possible to undo and put it back to how it was in 2010 anymore. I cannot fathom how that would even work. I really do feel like the ultimate result will be universal healthcare in the US... probably passed by the demcrat supermajority we're stuck with in 2029. permalink parent award report block reply
tpactionchasethevote 26 points 5 days ago Obamacare forces everyone to contribute to the Rockefeller allopathic system of petroleum based pharmaceuticals, symptoms, and surgeries while ignoring cheap or natural cures, prevention, nutrition, and root causes permalink parent award report block reply davidac1982 7 points 5 days ago Don’t you dare touch my coal tar Tylenol. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 4 points 5 days ago Don't you mean Advil? I think tylenol is the one that causes Autism. Nobody in my family took Tylenol. President Trump said the quiet part out loud and the establishment is quaking permalink parent award report block reply
davidac1982 7 points 5 days ago Don’t you dare touch my coal tar Tylenol. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 4 points 5 days ago Don't you mean Advil? I think tylenol is the one that causes Autism. Nobody in my family took Tylenol. President Trump said the quiet part out loud and the establishment is quaking permalink parent award report block reply
Spindle-spin 4 points 5 days ago Don't you mean Advil? I think tylenol is the one that causes Autism. Nobody in my family took Tylenol. President Trump said the quiet part out loud and the establishment is quaking permalink parent award report block reply
Ladybug87 6 points 5 days ago First they get obese and unhealthy by buying sodas, snacks and candy with the SNAP benefits we subsidize, then they use the healthcare that we also subsidize to treat said health problems.... permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Or it was meant to just funnel tax payer money to health insurance companies, who then turn around and "lobby" the same politicians by giving them a percentage. You know, ten percent for the big guy. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It could easily be both. All actors in this scheme have their own motivation, and none of them are good for us. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It could easily be both. All actors in this scheme have their own motivation, and none of them are good for us. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 2 points 5 days ago Ironically, Obamacare was just a replica of a Republican plan from 1992, back when Republicans wanted to facilitate the transfer of wealth from the middle class to the wealthy. I believe Obama's intention was to use it as a stopgap to single-payer (which would likely be significantly better and cheaper than what we have now, by far), but Republicans blocked it. I don't believe it is possible to undo and put it back to how it was in 2010 anymore. I cannot fathom how that would even work. I really do feel like the ultimate result will be universal healthcare in the US... probably passed by the demcrat supermajority we're stuck with in 2029. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 38 points 5 days ago I made alot of liberals mad when I told them pre and post Obama-Care prices. Also lost a promotion over it too. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk -7 points 5 days ago Do you mean to tell us that you did not lose this promotion over your insistence that "alot" is a word, your aversion to commas, or your synonym redundancy (i.e., bookending a sentence with both "also" and "too")? /s permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 15 points 5 days ago Do you make a lot of friends bitching about grammar? permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 8 points 5 days ago shh... they think it's 2010 on reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Songofsixpence 5 points 5 days ago Haha I remember 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk -3 points 5 days ago Thank you for your proper spelling of "a lot." permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Fuck off, handshake. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 3 points 5 days ago Well I thought it was funny. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk -7 points 5 days ago Do you mean to tell us that you did not lose this promotion over your insistence that "alot" is a word, your aversion to commas, or your synonym redundancy (i.e., bookending a sentence with both "also" and "too")? /s permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 15 points 5 days ago Do you make a lot of friends bitching about grammar? permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 8 points 5 days ago shh... they think it's 2010 on reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Songofsixpence 5 points 5 days ago Haha I remember 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk -3 points 5 days ago Thank you for your proper spelling of "a lot." permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Fuck off, handshake. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 3 points 5 days ago Well I thought it was funny. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 15 points 5 days ago Do you make a lot of friends bitching about grammar? permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 8 points 5 days ago shh... they think it's 2010 on reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Songofsixpence 5 points 5 days ago Haha I remember 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk -3 points 5 days ago Thank you for your proper spelling of "a lot." permalink parent award report block reply
terribletwos 8 points 5 days ago shh... they think it's 2010 on reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Songofsixpence 5 points 5 days ago Haha I remember 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Songofsixpence 5 points 5 days ago Haha I remember 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk -3 points 5 days ago Thank you for your proper spelling of "a lot." permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago Fuck off, handshake. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 3 points 5 days ago Well I thought it was funny. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 18 points 5 days ago monkadelic 20 points 5 days ago They don't get rich from people going to the doctor.  They get rich by $1200 a month premiums with $16k deductibles. Paid by people who can't afford to actually go to a doctor after paying for "insurance". permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 5 days ago RStroud 10 points 5 days ago Welcome to the problems with risk pooling/insurance 101: low risk individualsdon't want to pay for stuff they very likely won't benefit from. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic -8 points 5 days ago So your poor and have nothing to lose.  Or a retard. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 5 days ago view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago No no...he is just immune to aging and spends all day standing still eating nutrition paste and doing mandated exercise. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... ohpleaseuhhelpame 5 points 5 days ago one visit to a hospital and before you get your bill or finish treating you they hit you with your out of pocket cost...9k right off the bat..I remember when it was 2k. ACA needs to be replaced. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Mines 16k, I can't afford that fancy 9k stuff.  ACA is garbage, but most people don't understand how it works, and how much the taxpayer is footing the bill. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago I'm just old enough to remember hospital prices before ACA, and how insurance companies would fight for you to keep prices down. lol... permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 9 points 5 days ago I would wager the obsession stems from a chronic unhealthiness epidemic, compounded by the frightfulness of having an inevitable end date (mortality) without the reassuring comfort of faith, especially faith in an afterlife. We have become a God-denying, fat lot with poor impulse control. permalink parent award report block reply Josemarti 3 points 5 days ago We're fallen creatures and they think secularism will fix them. permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 3 points 5 days ago Because they think doctors can micromanage their health with 15 minute visits and a pill.  Plus everything requires a specialist these days. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 20 points 5 days ago They don't get rich from people going to the doctor.  They get rich by $1200 a month premiums with $16k deductibles. Paid by people who can't afford to actually go to a doctor after paying for "insurance". permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 5 days ago RStroud 10 points 5 days ago Welcome to the problems with risk pooling/insurance 101: low risk individualsdon't want to pay for stuff they very likely won't benefit from. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic -8 points 5 days ago So your poor and have nothing to lose.  Or a retard. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 5 days ago view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago No no...he is just immune to aging and spends all day standing still eating nutrition paste and doing mandated exercise. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... ohpleaseuhhelpame 5 points 5 days ago one visit to a hospital and before you get your bill or finish treating you they hit you with your out of pocket cost...9k right off the bat..I remember when it was 2k. ACA needs to be replaced. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Mines 16k, I can't afford that fancy 9k stuff.  ACA is garbage, but most people don't understand how it works, and how much the taxpayer is footing the bill. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago I'm just old enough to remember hospital prices before ACA, and how insurance companies would fight for you to keep prices down. lol... permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 7 points 5 days ago RStroud 10 points 5 days ago Welcome to the problems with risk pooling/insurance 101: low risk individualsdon't want to pay for stuff they very likely won't benefit from. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic -8 points 5 days ago So your poor and have nothing to lose.  Or a retard. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 5 days ago view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago No no...he is just immune to aging and spends all day standing still eating nutrition paste and doing mandated exercise. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
RStroud 10 points 5 days ago Welcome to the problems with risk pooling/insurance 101: low risk individualsdon't want to pay for stuff they very likely won't benefit from. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic -8 points 5 days ago So your poor and have nothing to lose.  Or a retard. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 5 days ago view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago No no...he is just immune to aging and spends all day standing still eating nutrition paste and doing mandated exercise. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
deleted 5 points 5 days ago view 4 more comments...
Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago No no...he is just immune to aging and spends all day standing still eating nutrition paste and doing mandated exercise. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
ohpleaseuhhelpame 5 points 5 days ago one visit to a hospital and before you get your bill or finish treating you they hit you with your out of pocket cost...9k right off the bat..I remember when it was 2k. ACA needs to be replaced. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Mines 16k, I can't afford that fancy 9k stuff.  ACA is garbage, but most people don't understand how it works, and how much the taxpayer is footing the bill. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago I'm just old enough to remember hospital prices before ACA, and how insurance companies would fight for you to keep prices down. lol... permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Mines 16k, I can't afford that fancy 9k stuff.  ACA is garbage, but most people don't understand how it works, and how much the taxpayer is footing the bill. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago I'm just old enough to remember hospital prices before ACA, and how insurance companies would fight for you to keep prices down. lol... permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago I'm just old enough to remember hospital prices before ACA, and how insurance companies would fight for you to keep prices down. lol... permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 9 points 5 days ago I would wager the obsession stems from a chronic unhealthiness epidemic, compounded by the frightfulness of having an inevitable end date (mortality) without the reassuring comfort of faith, especially faith in an afterlife. We have become a God-denying, fat lot with poor impulse control. permalink parent award report block reply
Josemarti 3 points 5 days ago We're fallen creatures and they think secularism will fix them. permalink parent award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 3 points 5 days ago Because they think doctors can micromanage their health with 15 minute visits and a pill.  Plus everything requires a specialist these days. permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 10 points 5 days ago Ask yourself: Who is really orchestrating and benefitting from this racket SCAM ? permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 9 points 5 days ago If you squint you can see your lost earnings. permalink award report block reply
flp999 7 points 5 days ago YES!!! TRUMP TAKING ON THE CORPORATISTS!!! There he is, the real GEOTUS. Love it. permalink award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 5 points 5 days ago Firing off a tweet is not 'taking on the corporatists'.  If you are appeased by a tweet, then you are the problem. permalink parent award report block reply
NebraskanPatriot 5 points 5 days ago Firing off a tweet is not 'taking on the corporatists'.  If you are appeased by a tweet, then you are the problem. permalink parent award report block reply
dissledat 7 points 5 days ago For context, the Dow Jones around March 2010 was around ~$10,600, and now it's about $47k, an increase of about 443%. Certainly UHC is outperforming the others, but this chart doesn't make that strong of a case that Obamacare is unfairly making insurance companies rich. Better chart might be to show how Obamacare completely failed in slowing healthcare spending: https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/u-s-spending-healthcare-changed-time/ Tweeting about Obamacare isn't enough... We already know the system's fucked up. It's the entire healthcare cartel (doctors, hospitals, drug companies) that's a problem, it's easy to focus on the insurance co's since we on the consumer side are always dealing with them. Obamacare is a half assed solution; and half ass solutions ALWAYS cause more problems to clean up down the line. permalink award report block reply
Binski 6 points 5 days ago Can someone red pill me on Trumps replacement plan for Obamacare? because as a small time self-employed tradesman as much as I never use it I'd like to have it. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Let the free market do its job.  It worked just fine before Obamacare, and poor people got healthcare for free even then.  If your healthcare is inexpensive now, its because the government is subsidizing your monthly payment $2000 a month, at least. It shouldn't cost that much for you to have health insurance. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 5 days ago It wasn't fine before. Don't let the horrendous situation now make you yearn for those days. Our healthcare has been semi-socialized for many many decades. Medicare is the reason it's fucked and that shit needs to go. Also, the subsidies aren't covering as much as you suggest. They covered less than 20% of the total budget. And most people will see an increase of less than that. More like 15%. Still not good but let's be realistic. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 4 points 5 days ago You don't get how it works.  I'll assume you're insured via an employer.  As a 1099, its black and white.  Obamacare costs roughly 2k a month for the worst plan they offer.  Depending on your income, they "subsidize" the rest.  If you make 25k a year, you probably pay 50 bucks a month, and the taxpayer picks up the tab for the remaining $1950.  Guess what happens if you make 150k a year...thats right, you pay the entire 2k a month, with a 16k deductible.  Essentially catastrophe insurance.  Any doctor visit, you're going to pay for that too, until you hit the 16k a year.  I'll yearn for the days when I just paid for my health insurance and the government stayed out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 1 points 5 days ago I looked into it and subsidies don't kick in with any meaningful impact until below the poverty level.   What does someone get who makes $50k?   Not below poverty level but fucked regardless. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Have you considered being rich...or dead? permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 5 points 5 days ago Let the free market do its job.  It worked just fine before Obamacare, and poor people got healthcare for free even then.  If your healthcare is inexpensive now, its because the government is subsidizing your monthly payment $2000 a month, at least. It shouldn't cost that much for you to have health insurance. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 5 days ago It wasn't fine before. Don't let the horrendous situation now make you yearn for those days. Our healthcare has been semi-socialized for many many decades. Medicare is the reason it's fucked and that shit needs to go. Also, the subsidies aren't covering as much as you suggest. They covered less than 20% of the total budget. And most people will see an increase of less than that. More like 15%. Still not good but let's be realistic. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 4 points 5 days ago You don't get how it works.  I'll assume you're insured via an employer.  As a 1099, its black and white.  Obamacare costs roughly 2k a month for the worst plan they offer.  Depending on your income, they "subsidize" the rest.  If you make 25k a year, you probably pay 50 bucks a month, and the taxpayer picks up the tab for the remaining $1950.  Guess what happens if you make 150k a year...thats right, you pay the entire 2k a month, with a 16k deductible.  Essentially catastrophe insurance.  Any doctor visit, you're going to pay for that too, until you hit the 16k a year.  I'll yearn for the days when I just paid for my health insurance and the government stayed out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 1 points 5 days ago I looked into it and subsidies don't kick in with any meaningful impact until below the poverty level.   What does someone get who makes $50k?   Not below poverty level but fucked regardless. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
_Sully_ 5 points 5 days ago It wasn't fine before. Don't let the horrendous situation now make you yearn for those days. Our healthcare has been semi-socialized for many many decades. Medicare is the reason it's fucked and that shit needs to go. Also, the subsidies aren't covering as much as you suggest. They covered less than 20% of the total budget. And most people will see an increase of less than that. More like 15%. Still not good but let's be realistic. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 4 points 5 days ago You don't get how it works.  I'll assume you're insured via an employer.  As a 1099, its black and white.  Obamacare costs roughly 2k a month for the worst plan they offer.  Depending on your income, they "subsidize" the rest.  If you make 25k a year, you probably pay 50 bucks a month, and the taxpayer picks up the tab for the remaining $1950.  Guess what happens if you make 150k a year...thats right, you pay the entire 2k a month, with a 16k deductible.  Essentially catastrophe insurance.  Any doctor visit, you're going to pay for that too, until you hit the 16k a year.  I'll yearn for the days when I just paid for my health insurance and the government stayed out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 1 points 5 days ago I looked into it and subsidies don't kick in with any meaningful impact until below the poverty level.   What does someone get who makes $50k?   Not below poverty level but fucked regardless. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
monkadelic 4 points 5 days ago You don't get how it works.  I'll assume you're insured via an employer.  As a 1099, its black and white.  Obamacare costs roughly 2k a month for the worst plan they offer.  Depending on your income, they "subsidize" the rest.  If you make 25k a year, you probably pay 50 bucks a month, and the taxpayer picks up the tab for the remaining $1950.  Guess what happens if you make 150k a year...thats right, you pay the entire 2k a month, with a 16k deductible.  Essentially catastrophe insurance.  Any doctor visit, you're going to pay for that too, until you hit the 16k a year.  I'll yearn for the days when I just paid for my health insurance and the government stayed out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 1 points 5 days ago I looked into it and subsidies don't kick in with any meaningful impact until below the poverty level.   What does someone get who makes $50k?   Not below poverty level but fucked regardless. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Jamps 1 points 5 days ago I looked into it and subsidies don't kick in with any meaningful impact until below the poverty level.   What does someone get who makes $50k?   Not below poverty level but fucked regardless. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Have you considered being rich...or dead? permalink parent award report block reply
cardinaldrones 6 points 5 days ago This is what happens when you attach healthcare insurance to employment.  People don’t want that and it’s wrong.  Especially when employers just hire h1b and axe benefits the second they know they can find someone who will work without them.  If we only had a system
In place to take care of 1099 workers and small business owners I don’t think Obamacare would have had to happen.  Companies don’t pay car insurance why the hell were they subsidizing health insurance to begin with.? permalink award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 5 days ago People had way better healthcare plans via their employer with less deductibles and vastly smaller premiums before Obamacare. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah I remember. My insurance was $60 a month. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 5 points 5 days ago I was paying $200 per month self employed for a family of 4.   Now it's $2500/mo. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 5 days ago Go back a hundred years and we had it even better. http://freenation.org/a/f12l3.html permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago That’s the problem. It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company.  Meaning doesn’t take care of 1099, part time, or small business owners just starting.  It should have nothing to do with employers paying insurance.  Do I get better car insurance though my employer too or homeowners insurance?  Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 1 points 4 days ago It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company. I've worked at companies with less than 50 employees that offered health insurance before Obamacare. Of course it doesn't take care of part-time or 1099 employees - that's the whole point of those classifications. Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong No. The complete government takeover and restrictions placed on health insurance and what they can offer, is what got us into this mess. The majority of people lost their good healthcare packages had them replaced by Obamacare compliant plans. You used to be able to buy catastrophic healthcare plans that only covered major medical from emergencies, these were completely restricted after the passage of the AHCA.  Employee healthcare packages were considered a benefit, and made health insurance more affordable for individuals who got a group plan rate. Most people today could not afford their family  >$1,500 cost of healthcare with a direct plan of their own. I met very few people who had problems with their healthcare plans from their employer before the AHCA (one of the major problems people did have, was pre-existing conditions.) however, most people paying with no tax-credits, or employer pay-in have seen a 40% increase in less than 4 years and it is getting worse each year. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It's also not a natural movement of the free market. Employer based health insurance originated when wages were capped by the government as a way to strongarm people into signing up for the military to go die overseas in retarded wars. Employers had to try and find ways other than inceased pay to attract and retain top talent, and health insurance and other benefits were one of those workarounds. As usual, government interference is the source of all our problems. permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 5 days ago People had way better healthcare plans via their employer with less deductibles and vastly smaller premiums before Obamacare. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah I remember. My insurance was $60 a month. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 5 points 5 days ago I was paying $200 per month self employed for a family of 4.   Now it's $2500/mo. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 5 days ago Go back a hundred years and we had it even better. http://freenation.org/a/f12l3.html permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago That’s the problem. It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company.  Meaning doesn’t take care of 1099, part time, or small business owners just starting.  It should have nothing to do with employers paying insurance.  Do I get better car insurance though my employer too or homeowners insurance?  Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 1 points 4 days ago It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company. I've worked at companies with less than 50 employees that offered health insurance before Obamacare. Of course it doesn't take care of part-time or 1099 employees - that's the whole point of those classifications. Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong No. The complete government takeover and restrictions placed on health insurance and what they can offer, is what got us into this mess. The majority of people lost their good healthcare packages had them replaced by Obamacare compliant plans. You used to be able to buy catastrophic healthcare plans that only covered major medical from emergencies, these were completely restricted after the passage of the AHCA.  Employee healthcare packages were considered a benefit, and made health insurance more affordable for individuals who got a group plan rate. Most people today could not afford their family  >$1,500 cost of healthcare with a direct plan of their own. I met very few people who had problems with their healthcare plans from their employer before the AHCA (one of the major problems people did have, was pre-existing conditions.) however, most people paying with no tax-credits, or employer pay-in have seen a 40% increase in less than 4 years and it is getting worse each year. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago Yeah I remember. My insurance was $60 a month. permalink parent award report block reply Jamps 5 points 5 days ago I was paying $200 per month self employed for a family of 4.   Now it's $2500/mo. permalink parent award report block reply
Jamps 5 points 5 days ago I was paying $200 per month self employed for a family of 4.   Now it's $2500/mo. permalink parent award report block reply
Roadpower 3 points 5 days ago Go back a hundred years and we had it even better. http://freenation.org/a/f12l3.html permalink parent award report block reply
cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago That’s the problem. It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company.  Meaning doesn’t take care of 1099, part time, or small business owners just starting.  It should have nothing to do with employers paying insurance.  Do I get better car insurance though my employer too or homeowners insurance?  Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 1 points 4 days ago It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company. I've worked at companies with less than 50 employees that offered health insurance before Obamacare. Of course it doesn't take care of part-time or 1099 employees - that's the whole point of those classifications. Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong No. The complete government takeover and restrictions placed on health insurance and what they can offer, is what got us into this mess. The majority of people lost their good healthcare packages had them replaced by Obamacare compliant plans. You used to be able to buy catastrophic healthcare plans that only covered major medical from emergencies, these were completely restricted after the passage of the AHCA.  Employee healthcare packages were considered a benefit, and made health insurance more affordable for individuals who got a group plan rate. Most people today could not afford their family  >$1,500 cost of healthcare with a direct plan of their own. I met very few people who had problems with their healthcare plans from their employer before the AHCA (one of the major problems people did have, was pre-existing conditions.) however, most people paying with no tax-credits, or employer pay-in have seen a 40% increase in less than 4 years and it is getting worse each year. permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 1 points 4 days ago It was through EMPLOYMENT at a big company. I've worked at companies with less than 50 employees that offered health insurance before Obamacare. Of course it doesn't take care of part-time or 1099 employees - that's the whole point of those classifications. Employment sponsored heslth insurance is what got us into a mess and it’s wrong No. The complete government takeover and restrictions placed on health insurance and what they can offer, is what got us into this mess. The majority of people lost their good healthcare packages had them replaced by Obamacare compliant plans. You used to be able to buy catastrophic healthcare plans that only covered major medical from emergencies, these were completely restricted after the passage of the AHCA.  Employee healthcare packages were considered a benefit, and made health insurance more affordable for individuals who got a group plan rate. Most people today could not afford their family  >$1,500 cost of healthcare with a direct plan of their own. I met very few people who had problems with their healthcare plans from their employer before the AHCA (one of the major problems people did have, was pre-existing conditions.) however, most people paying with no tax-credits, or employer pay-in have seen a 40% increase in less than 4 years and it is getting worse each year. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 4 days ago It's also not a natural movement of the free market. Employer based health insurance originated when wages were capped by the government as a way to strongarm people into signing up for the military to go die overseas in retarded wars. Employers had to try and find ways other than inceased pay to attract and retain top talent, and health insurance and other benefits were one of those workarounds. As usual, government interference is the source of all our problems. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Ikonoclast 5 points 5 days ago It's almost, almost , like they did this to enrich themselves...but our elected officials have integrity and are altruistic... permalink award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago So, when are we going to fix healthcare? permalink award report block reply monkadelic 6 points 5 days ago That's the black pill.  Obama even admitted it.  It can't be fixed with anything other than repeal and replace.  Since that can't happen (thanks Mcain), we are doomed to universal healthcare, giant subsides was just a stop-gap. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 5 days ago It could happen if they tried again. The GOP is useless and Trump doesn't seem to want to do it either. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 4 days ago That ship's sailed. Political will has evaporated. Kiss it goodbye, Smalls. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago The people want a better Healthcare system. It's the GOP who doesn't care. They'd rather do nothing and then pretend to put up a resistance when the dems are back in power and try to pass government run healthcare permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
monkadelic 6 points 5 days ago That's the black pill.  Obama even admitted it.  It can't be fixed with anything other than repeal and replace.  Since that can't happen (thanks Mcain), we are doomed to universal healthcare, giant subsides was just a stop-gap. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 5 days ago It could happen if they tried again. The GOP is useless and Trump doesn't seem to want to do it either. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 4 days ago That ship's sailed. Political will has evaporated. Kiss it goodbye, Smalls. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago The people want a better Healthcare system. It's the GOP who doesn't care. They'd rather do nothing and then pretend to put up a resistance when the dems are back in power and try to pass government run healthcare permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 5 days ago It could happen if they tried again. The GOP is useless and Trump doesn't seem to want to do it either. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 4 days ago That ship's sailed. Political will has evaporated. Kiss it goodbye, Smalls. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago The people want a better Healthcare system. It's the GOP who doesn't care. They'd rather do nothing and then pretend to put up a resistance when the dems are back in power and try to pass government run healthcare permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
chickeninoven 2 points 4 days ago That ship's sailed. Political will has evaporated. Kiss it goodbye, Smalls. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago The people want a better Healthcare system. It's the GOP who doesn't care. They'd rather do nothing and then pretend to put up a resistance when the dems are back in power and try to pass government run healthcare permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago The people want a better Healthcare system. It's the GOP who doesn't care. They'd rather do nothing and then pretend to put up a resistance when the dems are back in power and try to pass government run healthcare permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
RememberCharlieKirk 5 points 5 days ago President Trump cites the November 2025 stock prices. The November 2022 stock prices are even more shockingly high across these seven insurance companies, nearly double the numbers for 2025. permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 4 points 5 days ago If the MAGA front of the Republican Party moves against insurance companies, especially over their Obamacare scam, that would be a great course of action. I want meaningful reform, not assassinations like the leftwing degenerates do. permalink award report block reply
Jamps 4 points 5 days ago What happened after O-care is people without pre-existing conditions started having to pay pre-existing condition prices (e/g COBRA or whatever state sponsored plans handled that).  Then they doubled/tripled it over the years.   It's insane.   I have a pre-existing in the household so when O-care first kicked in it wasn't horrible but then it went crazy.    Over 30k per year now for family of 4 vs $10k in 2008.   In 2008 without the pre-existing it would have been only $2k per year.   Every year it goes up at least 20%.   Make it make sense. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 5 days ago Wonder which plan President Trump is going with. permalink award report block reply
Yawnz13 4 points 5 days ago Gee, it's almost like making a law requiring people to purchase a product does this. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 4 points 5 days ago Losers could have invested in gold and gotten 1000% without defrauding the people. permalink award report block reply
MajorClark 3 points 5 days ago You can bet Obama, Biden, Schumer, & others are being paid off from these insurance companies.   Is John Thune afraid he won't get his payoff?   Is this why he won't nuke the filibuster? permalink award report block reply
Boomstikchik 2 points 5 days ago All of it a complete scam to bilk and launder money for politicians via kickbacks. Obamacare needs to be irraticated. permalink award report block reply
Tookens 2 points 5 days ago Ohh.. so THAT's why I'm forced to pay $2,000/month for health insurance for the wife and I. permalink award report block reply
BillyBillington 2 points 4 days ago It seems to be standard practice now that insurance covers nothing until the deductible is met. Not even a basic office visit. The coverage goes down and the price goes up. permalink award report block reply
thisisatestof2 2 points 5 days ago The system before Obamacare wasn’t perfect. However, I would rather have that than the current disaster.  Get rid of ObamaCare be a great first step with some very basic guard rails and let the market handle the rest permalink award report block reply
RocksCanOnlyWait 2 points 5 days ago Democrats wanted universal healthcare. Insurance companies knew it would bankrupt them. So the insurance companies lobbied for the individual mandate and other subsidies. permalink award report block reply
freedom-thinker 2 points 5 days ago just fyi, dow up 400% that same period, so I would say Anthem and Humana no big deal. permalink award report block reply
GoldwaterVoter 1 points 5 days ago 2004: 61 YO single male, no major medical issues, full coverage via Blue Cross, $350/mo. permalink award report block reply
thelastlast 1 points 5 days ago so thats why they wanted to pass it so badly. permalink award report block reply
dunkeaters 1 points 5 days ago Whenever you see news articles like "man's healthcare costs going up $20,000 because of Trump!", translate to "Obamacare has been funneling $20,000 per year to an insurance company for just one policy". It's not an accident that the government pays way, way more per policy than companies do to cover their employees. It's a grift. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 5 days ago Doesn't mean anything unless you compare another period of time, though it looks like United Health Group fared better than Apple which doesn't really make sense without Obamacare. permalink award report block reply
delnaga 1 points 4 days ago Follow the money! permalink award report block reply
AntiCommunist 1 points 4 days ago That really has nothing to do with Obamacare and more so the continued recovery from the Great Recession. Almost every single stock group has grown exponentially since 2010. 15 years ago. permalink award report block reply