730 Public School Teachers Have A Serious Child Sex Abuse Problem. People joke about priests and Boy Scout troop leaders, but public school teachers are far more likely to end up grooming children. (www.zerohedge.com) posted 3 hours ago by rdvs34283 80 comments award share report block Public School Teachers Have A Serious Child Sex Abuse Problem ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
80 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 61 points 3 hours ago unIronically the percentage of male teachers are at an all time low. We’ve had feminist's try to convince the public that all men are rapists for years but the reality is that woke females are the predators. permalink award report block reply TrueTemper2 30 points 3 hours ago Came here to say the same, nearly all of these stories are now predatory women abusing young boys.  Last several years every single story I’ve seen is the same. Married, single, doesn’t matter.  Society has emboldened these sick, demented harpies to abuse children to satisfy their cravings.  The reversal of gender roles has led to widespread female unhappiness and overall decline of our culture.  As long as they are driven to a life of labor and not procreation, the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 6 points 2 hours ago the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. Especially if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 4 points 48 minutes ago What does a grown woman get out of having sex with a teen boy who barely knows where to put his penis?  That’s just sickness. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 4 points 34 minutes ago It’s a power thing.  It’s always a power thing. permalink parent award report block reply PoliticsAreBlank 11 points 2 hours ago Men still make up the majority of cases, from the article Among educators arrested for abuse, women make up 30% of cases.  This might seem low until we take into account the fact that among all sexual abuse cases nationally, women perpetrate 10% of them. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 10 points 2 hours ago Perhaps that's a true stat, but it only counts the people caught. I would argue men are caught far more than women in these offenses. It's possible women commit more offenses and simply aren't caught as much since teenage boys are less likely to report such instances or look at them as unfavorable. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago It's actually opposite.. teenage boys typically will brag about it eventually leading it to come out to public. Girls are more likely to keep to themselves. I think there are more male teachers doing these acts than females. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 2 points 2 hours ago you contradicted yourself.  you said Girls are more likely to keep to themselves.  This applies to the female teachers too.  Young girls are under pressure to report those things and most are more than happy to ruin someone's life.  Sometimes they just make shit up.  the original comment was spot on. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... BIGBAG01 1 points 2 hours ago yep.  much less likely to report on purpose.  but, teenage boys can't help but brag about shagging a teacher, at least to his best friend.  that's how they get caught, or mom checks the texts on phone. permalink parent award report block reply MM_soap 1 points 15 minutes ago 23% of teaches are men, but they are 70% of the abuse arrests. So men are the majority of cases, and far more likely to be offenders than woman. Regardless, the prevalence of abuse is horrific. Note: yes, more abuse happens by teachers than priests or boy scout leaders. But not every kid goes to church and not every kid is a boy scout. Except for home schoolers, ALL kids go to school and are with teachers 40+ hours per week. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 5 points 1 hour ago We should note that teachers can recommend CPS take your child away because you used the wrong pronouns.  This is the height of tyranny where they take your child from your and force pre-puberty blockers on them because you used the wrong pronoun.  Teachers are part of the mind virus that democrats have been spreading since Obama was elected. permalink parent award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 3 points 2 hours ago ^^^^^^ Facts permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 1 points 2 hours ago And all the Muslim gimmigrants permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 40 points 3 hours ago The reason the church and boy scouts (and male teachers) have been molesting kids is they're faggots. Faggots attempt to get into jobs where they have access to kids, so they can do their evil degen deeds. Women abuse this too, but the overwhelming majority is fags indulging their evil kink on innocents. This is why faggots shouldn't be in any job that has contact with children. Ideally, it should be like Russia where faggotry is excised and punished harshly. permalink award report block reply 19American62Woman 22 points 3 hours ago They shouldn’t be allowed to adopt children. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 12 points 3 hours ago Check laptops of everyone in charge of adoption centers. No one is talking about it but I suspect there's a lot to discover there. These are the kids most vulnerable to child trafficking but I don't hear anyone talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be allowed NEAR children permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 2 hours ago Organic social... "encouragement" ended in primary schools. A lot of behaviors that were bullied into the closet (or completely away) have come to be celebrated and "protected". permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 1 points 2 hours ago https://youtu.be/CM_wXCrcxnU?si=OG3EY4BMCIaLYVqJ permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 6 points 3 hours ago Stunning you get downvotes but mods are Israeli, soooo… permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 4 points 36 minutes ago This right here. Faggots managed to successfully rebrand their pedophilia as a church problem or Boy Scout problem when its just faggots doing what they do and gravitating towards positions of authority over children. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 3 points 2 hours ago they have to recruit somehow.  they can't reproduce.  that doesn't stop them from F'n each other though.  it's a cycle they must keep going. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... lovemylibs 14 points 3 hours ago The one on the right has a special set of skills. permalink award report block reply Retard_Strength 7 points 3 hours ago Lia Neeson permalink parent award report block reply NicklePickle2 3 points 3 hours ago lol. I was thinking Cory Feldman. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 12 points 3 hours ago "... female school teachers are far above the national average for child abuse." That's because school teachers are far above the national average for radical-left demons. permalink award report block reply YT45 1 points 29 minutes ago Correlation doesn’t necessarily equal causation, but it’s still a giant red flag! permalink parent award report block reply indigo_truther 12 points 3 hours ago Wow Every month, around 300 to 500 public school teachers are arrested or charged for incidents involving a minor, including sexual assault on minors. permalink award report block reply Saltyminer11 8 points 2 hours ago My theory about women doing this is that they were in the popular group in high school and they wanted to get back to that. To be seen as attractive by teenage boys again. And they peaked in high-school and dont want to start at the bottom of a career. Just be another chump in the mix. permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 9 points 2 hours ago Or they weren’t and want to be now… permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 3 points 1 hour ago ^ ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply YT45 1 points 27 minutes ago Probably a bit of both.  Two roads leading to the same destination. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 33 minutes ago I have always thought it was this. They are the hot* ones now bc they are developed. You can tell just by looking at their faces they were not the popular chicks in high school. permalink parent award report block reply Danmax67 6 points 2 hours ago I grew up in NYC. This happened all of the time in the public schools there. It would usually get swept under the rug, but everyone knew. When I got older, some of my friends became teachers. The stories they told me. Insanity. Ironically, I was in the Boy Scouts and also Catholic and never saw anything remotely along those lines in either. permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 1 points 1 hour ago What are some of the stories? And to what degree does it happen? Are the ones getting caught just the tip of the iceberg and there's far more that don't get caught? permalink parent award report block reply Choomguy 6 points 2 hours ago Went on at my school, female teachers had an “affair” with student all through high school. Married him when he turned 18, nobody said shit. permalink award report block reply Fresnor 6 points 2 hours ago And there is little protection for the children, and even punishment for them.  Like that one boy that was raped by his female teacher, then later was forced to pay child support when he became of age. permalink award report block reply Doctornirgon 4 points 2 hours ago Mentally ill women (this is most of them, not kidding or being edgy), unable to get their claws in top 1% attractiveness males resort to molesting them as children.  Take a look at the online dating data and talk to your guy friends who are still trying to date. permalink award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 4 points 2 hours ago Any time I see one of these stories, there's always some fat loser in the comments "Where was she when I was in school?" Yeah it's real fucking funny, retard. permalink award report block reply Arcynic2 4 points 2 hours ago Not new. https://scholarsarchive.byu.edu/byu_elj/vol2024/iss1/2/ Seems the media, fresh off of trying to destroy the Catholic Church for less, wasn’t interested in this story. permalink award report block reply Big-E 4 points 2 hours ago Do you know where the most likely place to be molested is?  Public school! permalink award report block reply footinmouth 4 points 2 hours ago I knew at least 2 teachers in my highschool and middleschool that were having sex with students. permalink award report block reply Lawless 4 points 3 hours ago Pedos go where the kiddies are. This is the new pedo profession permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 4 points 3 hours ago Been a lot of these stories the past few years. permalink award report block reply nonrate 4 points 2 hours ago Keep in mind, the 300-500 offenders per year are just the ones that get "caught". Consider it a small sample size of the larger problem. There are likely closer to 3000-5000 offenses per year or more. permalink award report block reply infinitysupreme 3 points 3 hours ago Teacher unions protect pedos permalink award report block reply Zacktopia33 3 points 2 hours ago They're mostly leftists. Goes with the politics. Superhero: Toddler humper Dementia Joe. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 2 hours ago People joke about priests and Boy Scout leaders because there was a coordinated attack against those organizations and the media aided said attacks with massive amounts of propaganda. And of course leftists and associated faggots did infiltrate them as well, to create the issues they claimed so as to create liability in order to subvert those organizations, take control or seize assets they otherwise would never have been able to get their hands on. permalink award report block reply Elencher 2 points 34 minutes ago And the media managed to skip over the fact it was men targeting boys...ie the problem was faggots. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 6 minutes ago Now you get girl altar boys in churches. An attack on priestly vocations since the whole point of altar boys is to give them insight into the priesthood to help them discern if that's what they want to do with their lives. Now, you remove that path because we can't trust priests around young boys. permalink parent award report block reply datagod 2 points 2 hours ago It doesn't help when men approve of the abuse by "hot" teachers.  "OH MAN I WISH I WAS RAPED BY MY GRADE 6 TEACHER!!".  It is fucking disgusting degenerate behavior. permalink award report block reply jiujiujiu 2 points 2 hours ago Feminism is witchcraft. permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 1 points 1 hour ago And the solution is the same permalink parent award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 1 points 26 minutes ago I know how to make sure my children never get molested by a priest or pastor - never leave them alone with one. Much harder to avoid your kids being alone with teachers unless you homeschool. So yeah I'm much more afraid of teachers than I am priests. permalink award report block reply schnazzmizzle 1 points 51 minutes ago They are the woke priesthood. permalink award report block reply TooBright 1 points 2 hours ago The people who preach "love is love" are telling you they're pedos or are open to other paraphilia. permalink award report block reply dburt2 1 points 3 hours ago https://youtu.be/6M4_Ommfvv0?si=UzToB8IdCQGRi8eZ permalink award report block reply Sunnybats2 1 points 2 hours ago Check out film TO DIE FOR with Nicole Kidman permalink award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 2 hours ago The one on the right is a man permalink award report block reply Norwegianskier 1 points 2 hours ago This is very important. In proportions to the amount of teachers, there is only a small minority of pesos. But they are walking within the school system and have tremendous amount of power and influence over potential victims. permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 1 points 1 hour ago We really need to go back to the one-room school house on the corner.  Local community runs local school with much smaller number of students. Yes that means there won't be a highschool football team or massive pep rallies every week. permalink award report block reply Elencher 1 points 32 minutes ago It doesn't even mean that. Plenty of sports programs are run outside of schools, it works fine. If anything it's a better system. The problem with schools is there's only one team so only the best players have a chance of playing. In larger rec leagues there's tiers of teams so anybody who wants to play can find a spot. And this is good because the fundamental value of sports is not actually being good at the sport so much as it is the combination of physical activity, group activity, and the task of improving yourself. In an ideal education system home-schooled kids could participate in a sporting league of their own level so they could reap the benefits of group sports without the weird fucking drama of high school sports and a bunch of idiots trying to go pro. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 1 points 2 hours ago Biotchismo. permalink award report block reply Coprolite 1 points 2 hours ago It happens all the time. My kids' school had a problem with a weirdo 8th grade teacher. He would make comments about how pretty the girls are at this school. He only lasted a couple years before there was an alligation of misconduct an the sheriff opened an investigation an he quit and skipped town. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 1 points 7 minutes ago It's all about how the media reports it. They are friendly to liberal teacher heroes and against the church, so they will exploit the very few amount of times it happens in the church. permalink award report block reply Gunmolester 1 points 44 minutes ago so many of them are rabid communists permalink award report block reply RogueLeaderX 1 points 2 hours ago Scout Troop Leaders and priests are much easier targets. permalink award report block reply 2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 2 hours ago Oh, those "educators"!!! When I was a kid they actually attempted to teach you the 3 R's...not how to be sexually molested. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 2 hours ago i don't know anyone who was raped in the scouts, shits fake and gay permalink award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 0 points 3 hours ago I'd like to know what demographic the "students" are permalink award report block reply ProtestantPatriot 0 points 2 hours ago The Catholic Church and over 1500 years of institutionalized grooming and raping begs to differ, nice try though you stupid fucking faggot permalink award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 61 points 3 hours ago unIronically the percentage of male teachers are at an all time low. We’ve had feminist's try to convince the public that all men are rapists for years but the reality is that woke females are the predators. permalink award report block reply TrueTemper2 30 points 3 hours ago Came here to say the same, nearly all of these stories are now predatory women abusing young boys.  Last several years every single story I’ve seen is the same. Married, single, doesn’t matter.  Society has emboldened these sick, demented harpies to abuse children to satisfy their cravings.  The reversal of gender roles has led to widespread female unhappiness and overall decline of our culture.  As long as they are driven to a life of labor and not procreation, the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 6 points 2 hours ago the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. Especially if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 4 points 48 minutes ago What does a grown woman get out of having sex with a teen boy who barely knows where to put his penis?  That’s just sickness. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 4 points 34 minutes ago It’s a power thing.  It’s always a power thing. permalink parent award report block reply PoliticsAreBlank 11 points 2 hours ago Men still make up the majority of cases, from the article Among educators arrested for abuse, women make up 30% of cases.  This might seem low until we take into account the fact that among all sexual abuse cases nationally, women perpetrate 10% of them. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 10 points 2 hours ago Perhaps that's a true stat, but it only counts the people caught. I would argue men are caught far more than women in these offenses. It's possible women commit more offenses and simply aren't caught as much since teenage boys are less likely to report such instances or look at them as unfavorable. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago It's actually opposite.. teenage boys typically will brag about it eventually leading it to come out to public. Girls are more likely to keep to themselves. I think there are more male teachers doing these acts than females. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 2 points 2 hours ago you contradicted yourself.  you said Girls are more likely to keep to themselves.  This applies to the female teachers too.  Young girls are under pressure to report those things and most are more than happy to ruin someone's life.  Sometimes they just make shit up.  the original comment was spot on. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... BIGBAG01 1 points 2 hours ago yep.  much less likely to report on purpose.  but, teenage boys can't help but brag about shagging a teacher, at least to his best friend.  that's how they get caught, or mom checks the texts on phone. permalink parent award report block reply MM_soap 1 points 15 minutes ago 23% of teaches are men, but they are 70% of the abuse arrests. So men are the majority of cases, and far more likely to be offenders than woman. Regardless, the prevalence of abuse is horrific. Note: yes, more abuse happens by teachers than priests or boy scout leaders. But not every kid goes to church and not every kid is a boy scout. Except for home schoolers, ALL kids go to school and are with teachers 40+ hours per week. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 5 points 1 hour ago We should note that teachers can recommend CPS take your child away because you used the wrong pronouns.  This is the height of tyranny where they take your child from your and force pre-puberty blockers on them because you used the wrong pronoun.  Teachers are part of the mind virus that democrats have been spreading since Obama was elected. permalink parent award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 3 points 2 hours ago ^^^^^^ Facts permalink parent award report block reply PelosisPuss 1 points 2 hours ago And all the Muslim gimmigrants permalink parent award report block reply
TrueTemper2 30 points 3 hours ago Came here to say the same, nearly all of these stories are now predatory women abusing young boys.  Last several years every single story I’ve seen is the same. Married, single, doesn’t matter.  Society has emboldened these sick, demented harpies to abuse children to satisfy their cravings.  The reversal of gender roles has led to widespread female unhappiness and overall decline of our culture.  As long as they are driven to a life of labor and not procreation, the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 6 points 2 hours ago the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. Especially if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 4 points 48 minutes ago What does a grown woman get out of having sex with a teen boy who barely knows where to put his penis?  That’s just sickness. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 4 points 34 minutes ago It’s a power thing.  It’s always a power thing. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 6 points 2 hours ago the moneyed interests are satiated, even if kids are abused. Especially if kids are abused. permalink parent award report block reply
COLDWARPATRIOT55 4 points 48 minutes ago What does a grown woman get out of having sex with a teen boy who barely knows where to put his penis?  That’s just sickness. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 4 points 34 minutes ago It’s a power thing.  It’s always a power thing. permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 4 points 34 minutes ago It’s a power thing.  It’s always a power thing. permalink parent award report block reply
PoliticsAreBlank 11 points 2 hours ago Men still make up the majority of cases, from the article Among educators arrested for abuse, women make up 30% of cases.  This might seem low until we take into account the fact that among all sexual abuse cases nationally, women perpetrate 10% of them. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 10 points 2 hours ago Perhaps that's a true stat, but it only counts the people caught. I would argue men are caught far more than women in these offenses. It's possible women commit more offenses and simply aren't caught as much since teenage boys are less likely to report such instances or look at them as unfavorable. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago It's actually opposite.. teenage boys typically will brag about it eventually leading it to come out to public. Girls are more likely to keep to themselves. I think there are more male teachers doing these acts than females. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 2 points 2 hours ago you contradicted yourself.  you said Girls are more likely to keep to themselves.  This applies to the female teachers too.  Young girls are under pressure to report those things and most are more than happy to ruin someone's life.  Sometimes they just make shit up.  the original comment was spot on. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... BIGBAG01 1 points 2 hours ago yep.  much less likely to report on purpose.  but, teenage boys can't help but brag about shagging a teacher, at least to his best friend.  that's how they get caught, or mom checks the texts on phone. permalink parent award report block reply MM_soap 1 points 15 minutes ago 23% of teaches are men, but they are 70% of the abuse arrests. So men are the majority of cases, and far more likely to be offenders than woman. Regardless, the prevalence of abuse is horrific. Note: yes, more abuse happens by teachers than priests or boy scout leaders. But not every kid goes to church and not every kid is a boy scout. Except for home schoolers, ALL kids go to school and are with teachers 40+ hours per week. permalink parent award report block reply
nonrate 10 points 2 hours ago Perhaps that's a true stat, but it only counts the people caught. I would argue men are caught far more than women in these offenses. It's possible women commit more offenses and simply aren't caught as much since teenage boys are less likely to report such instances or look at them as unfavorable. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago It's actually opposite.. teenage boys typically will brag about it eventually leading it to come out to public. Girls are more likely to keep to themselves. I think there are more male teachers doing these acts than females. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 2 points 2 hours ago you contradicted yourself.  you said Girls are more likely to keep to themselves.  This applies to the female teachers too.  Young girls are under pressure to report those things and most are more than happy to ruin someone's life.  Sometimes they just make shit up.  the original comment was spot on. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... BIGBAG01 1 points 2 hours ago yep.  much less likely to report on purpose.  but, teenage boys can't help but brag about shagging a teacher, at least to his best friend.  that's how they get caught, or mom checks the texts on phone. permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 2 points 2 hours ago It's actually opposite.. teenage boys typically will brag about it eventually leading it to come out to public. Girls are more likely to keep to themselves. I think there are more male teachers doing these acts than females. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 2 points 2 hours ago you contradicted yourself.  you said Girls are more likely to keep to themselves.  This applies to the female teachers too.  Young girls are under pressure to report those things and most are more than happy to ruin someone's life.  Sometimes they just make shit up.  the original comment was spot on. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
BIGBAG01 2 points 2 hours ago you contradicted yourself.  you said Girls are more likely to keep to themselves.  This applies to the female teachers too.  Young girls are under pressure to report those things and most are more than happy to ruin someone's life.  Sometimes they just make shit up.  the original comment was spot on. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
BIGBAG01 1 points 2 hours ago yep.  much less likely to report on purpose.  but, teenage boys can't help but brag about shagging a teacher, at least to his best friend.  that's how they get caught, or mom checks the texts on phone. permalink parent award report block reply
MM_soap 1 points 15 minutes ago 23% of teaches are men, but they are 70% of the abuse arrests. So men are the majority of cases, and far more likely to be offenders than woman. Regardless, the prevalence of abuse is horrific. Note: yes, more abuse happens by teachers than priests or boy scout leaders. But not every kid goes to church and not every kid is a boy scout. Except for home schoolers, ALL kids go to school and are with teachers 40+ hours per week. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 5 points 1 hour ago We should note that teachers can recommend CPS take your child away because you used the wrong pronouns.  This is the height of tyranny where they take your child from your and force pre-puberty blockers on them because you used the wrong pronoun.  Teachers are part of the mind virus that democrats have been spreading since Obama was elected. permalink parent award report block reply
ConsrvspkgNJ 3 points 2 hours ago ^^^^^^ Facts permalink parent award report block reply
PelosisPuss 1 points 2 hours ago And all the Muslim gimmigrants permalink parent award report block reply
FrmrAmericanRepublic 40 points 3 hours ago The reason the church and boy scouts (and male teachers) have been molesting kids is they're faggots. Faggots attempt to get into jobs where they have access to kids, so they can do their evil degen deeds. Women abuse this too, but the overwhelming majority is fags indulging their evil kink on innocents. This is why faggots shouldn't be in any job that has contact with children. Ideally, it should be like Russia where faggotry is excised and punished harshly. permalink award report block reply 19American62Woman 22 points 3 hours ago They shouldn’t be allowed to adopt children. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 12 points 3 hours ago Check laptops of everyone in charge of adoption centers. No one is talking about it but I suspect there's a lot to discover there. These are the kids most vulnerable to child trafficking but I don't hear anyone talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be allowed NEAR children permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 2 hours ago Organic social... "encouragement" ended in primary schools. A lot of behaviors that were bullied into the closet (or completely away) have come to be celebrated and "protected". permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 1 points 2 hours ago https://youtu.be/CM_wXCrcxnU?si=OG3EY4BMCIaLYVqJ permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 6 points 3 hours ago Stunning you get downvotes but mods are Israeli, soooo… permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 4 points 36 minutes ago This right here. Faggots managed to successfully rebrand their pedophilia as a church problem or Boy Scout problem when its just faggots doing what they do and gravitating towards positions of authority over children. permalink parent award report block reply BIGBAG01 3 points 2 hours ago they have to recruit somehow.  they can't reproduce.  that doesn't stop them from F'n each other though.  it's a cycle they must keep going. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
19American62Woman 22 points 3 hours ago They shouldn’t be allowed to adopt children. permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 12 points 3 hours ago Check laptops of everyone in charge of adoption centers. No one is talking about it but I suspect there's a lot to discover there. These are the kids most vulnerable to child trafficking but I don't hear anyone talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be allowed NEAR children permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 12 points 3 hours ago Check laptops of everyone in charge of adoption centers. No one is talking about it but I suspect there's a lot to discover there. These are the kids most vulnerable to child trafficking but I don't hear anyone talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 5 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be allowed NEAR children permalink parent award report block reply
ParticleCannon 6 points 2 hours ago Organic social... "encouragement" ended in primary schools. A lot of behaviors that were bullied into the closet (or completely away) have come to be celebrated and "protected". permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 1 points 2 hours ago https://youtu.be/CM_wXCrcxnU?si=OG3EY4BMCIaLYVqJ permalink parent award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 1 points 2 hours ago https://youtu.be/CM_wXCrcxnU?si=OG3EY4BMCIaLYVqJ permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 6 points 3 hours ago Stunning you get downvotes but mods are Israeli, soooo… permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 4 points 36 minutes ago This right here. Faggots managed to successfully rebrand their pedophilia as a church problem or Boy Scout problem when its just faggots doing what they do and gravitating towards positions of authority over children. permalink parent award report block reply
BIGBAG01 3 points 2 hours ago they have to recruit somehow.  they can't reproduce.  that doesn't stop them from F'n each other though.  it's a cycle they must keep going. permalink parent award report block reply
lovemylibs 14 points 3 hours ago The one on the right has a special set of skills. permalink award report block reply Retard_Strength 7 points 3 hours ago Lia Neeson permalink parent award report block reply NicklePickle2 3 points 3 hours ago lol. I was thinking Cory Feldman. permalink parent award report block reply
Retard_Strength 7 points 3 hours ago Lia Neeson permalink parent award report block reply
NicklePickle2 3 points 3 hours ago lol. I was thinking Cory Feldman. permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 12 points 3 hours ago "... female school teachers are far above the national average for child abuse." That's because school teachers are far above the national average for radical-left demons. permalink award report block reply YT45 1 points 29 minutes ago Correlation doesn’t necessarily equal causation, but it’s still a giant red flag! permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 1 points 29 minutes ago Correlation doesn’t necessarily equal causation, but it’s still a giant red flag! permalink parent award report block reply
indigo_truther 12 points 3 hours ago Wow Every month, around 300 to 500 public school teachers are arrested or charged for incidents involving a minor, including sexual assault on minors. permalink award report block reply
Saltyminer11 8 points 2 hours ago My theory about women doing this is that they were in the popular group in high school and they wanted to get back to that. To be seen as attractive by teenage boys again. And they peaked in high-school and dont want to start at the bottom of a career. Just be another chump in the mix. permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 9 points 2 hours ago Or they weren’t and want to be now… permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 3 points 1 hour ago ^ ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply YT45 1 points 27 minutes ago Probably a bit of both.  Two roads leading to the same destination. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 33 minutes ago I have always thought it was this. They are the hot* ones now bc they are developed. You can tell just by looking at their faces they were not the popular chicks in high school. permalink parent award report block reply
MocksFordComma 9 points 2 hours ago Or they weren’t and want to be now… permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 3 points 1 hour ago ^ ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply YT45 1 points 27 minutes ago Probably a bit of both.  Two roads leading to the same destination. permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 33 minutes ago I have always thought it was this. They are the hot* ones now bc they are developed. You can tell just by looking at their faces they were not the popular chicks in high school. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 3 points 1 hour ago ^ ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 1 points 27 minutes ago Probably a bit of both.  Two roads leading to the same destination. permalink parent award report block reply
penguinjay1212 1 points 33 minutes ago I have always thought it was this. They are the hot* ones now bc they are developed. You can tell just by looking at their faces they were not the popular chicks in high school. permalink parent award report block reply
Danmax67 6 points 2 hours ago I grew up in NYC. This happened all of the time in the public schools there. It would usually get swept under the rug, but everyone knew. When I got older, some of my friends became teachers. The stories they told me. Insanity. Ironically, I was in the Boy Scouts and also Catholic and never saw anything remotely along those lines in either. permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 1 points 1 hour ago What are some of the stories? And to what degree does it happen? Are the ones getting caught just the tip of the iceberg and there's far more that don't get caught? permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 1 points 1 hour ago What are some of the stories? And to what degree does it happen? Are the ones getting caught just the tip of the iceberg and there's far more that don't get caught? permalink parent award report block reply
Choomguy 6 points 2 hours ago Went on at my school, female teachers had an “affair” with student all through high school. Married him when he turned 18, nobody said shit. permalink award report block reply
Fresnor 6 points 2 hours ago And there is little protection for the children, and even punishment for them.  Like that one boy that was raped by his female teacher, then later was forced to pay child support when he became of age. permalink award report block reply
Doctornirgon 4 points 2 hours ago Mentally ill women (this is most of them, not kidding or being edgy), unable to get their claws in top 1% attractiveness males resort to molesting them as children.  Take a look at the online dating data and talk to your guy friends who are still trying to date. permalink award report block reply
SwedishChainsaw2 4 points 2 hours ago Any time I see one of these stories, there's always some fat loser in the comments "Where was she when I was in school?" Yeah it's real fucking funny, retard. permalink award report block reply
Arcynic2 4 points 2 hours ago Not new. https://scholarsarchive.byu.edu/byu_elj/vol2024/iss1/2/ Seems the media, fresh off of trying to destroy the Catholic Church for less, wasn’t interested in this story. permalink award report block reply
Big-E 4 points 2 hours ago Do you know where the most likely place to be molested is?  Public school! permalink award report block reply
footinmouth 4 points 2 hours ago I knew at least 2 teachers in my highschool and middleschool that were having sex with students. permalink award report block reply
Lawless 4 points 3 hours ago Pedos go where the kiddies are. This is the new pedo profession permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 4 points 3 hours ago Been a lot of these stories the past few years. permalink award report block reply
nonrate 4 points 2 hours ago Keep in mind, the 300-500 offenders per year are just the ones that get "caught". Consider it a small sample size of the larger problem. There are likely closer to 3000-5000 offenses per year or more. permalink award report block reply
infinitysupreme 3 points 3 hours ago Teacher unions protect pedos permalink award report block reply
Zacktopia33 3 points 2 hours ago They're mostly leftists. Goes with the politics. Superhero: Toddler humper Dementia Joe. permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 2 points 2 hours ago People joke about priests and Boy Scout leaders because there was a coordinated attack against those organizations and the media aided said attacks with massive amounts of propaganda. And of course leftists and associated faggots did infiltrate them as well, to create the issues they claimed so as to create liability in order to subvert those organizations, take control or seize assets they otherwise would never have been able to get their hands on. permalink award report block reply Elencher 2 points 34 minutes ago And the media managed to skip over the fact it was men targeting boys...ie the problem was faggots. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 6 minutes ago Now you get girl altar boys in churches. An attack on priestly vocations since the whole point of altar boys is to give them insight into the priesthood to help them discern if that's what they want to do with their lives. Now, you remove that path because we can't trust priests around young boys. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 2 points 34 minutes ago And the media managed to skip over the fact it was men targeting boys...ie the problem was faggots. permalink parent award report block reply
BadManOrange 1 points 6 minutes ago Now you get girl altar boys in churches. An attack on priestly vocations since the whole point of altar boys is to give them insight into the priesthood to help them discern if that's what they want to do with their lives. Now, you remove that path because we can't trust priests around young boys. permalink parent award report block reply
datagod 2 points 2 hours ago It doesn't help when men approve of the abuse by "hot" teachers.  "OH MAN I WISH I WAS RAPED BY MY GRADE 6 TEACHER!!".  It is fucking disgusting degenerate behavior. permalink award report block reply
jiujiujiu 2 points 2 hours ago Feminism is witchcraft. permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 1 points 1 hour ago And the solution is the same permalink parent award report block reply
Spicy_cat 1 points 1 hour ago And the solution is the same permalink parent award report block reply
IlhanOmarsFagBrother 1 points 26 minutes ago I know how to make sure my children never get molested by a priest or pastor - never leave them alone with one. Much harder to avoid your kids being alone with teachers unless you homeschool. So yeah I'm much more afraid of teachers than I am priests. permalink award report block reply
schnazzmizzle 1 points 51 minutes ago They are the woke priesthood. permalink award report block reply
TooBright 1 points 2 hours ago The people who preach "love is love" are telling you they're pedos or are open to other paraphilia. permalink award report block reply
dburt2 1 points 3 hours ago https://youtu.be/6M4_Ommfvv0?si=UzToB8IdCQGRi8eZ permalink award report block reply
Sunnybats2 1 points 2 hours ago Check out film TO DIE FOR with Nicole Kidman permalink award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 1 points 2 hours ago The one on the right is a man permalink award report block reply
Norwegianskier 1 points 2 hours ago This is very important. In proportions to the amount of teachers, there is only a small minority of pesos. But they are walking within the school system and have tremendous amount of power and influence over potential victims. permalink award report block reply
Spicy_cat 1 points 1 hour ago We really need to go back to the one-room school house on the corner.  Local community runs local school with much smaller number of students. Yes that means there won't be a highschool football team or massive pep rallies every week. permalink award report block reply Elencher 1 points 32 minutes ago It doesn't even mean that. Plenty of sports programs are run outside of schools, it works fine. If anything it's a better system. The problem with schools is there's only one team so only the best players have a chance of playing. In larger rec leagues there's tiers of teams so anybody who wants to play can find a spot. And this is good because the fundamental value of sports is not actually being good at the sport so much as it is the combination of physical activity, group activity, and the task of improving yourself. In an ideal education system home-schooled kids could participate in a sporting league of their own level so they could reap the benefits of group sports without the weird fucking drama of high school sports and a bunch of idiots trying to go pro. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 1 points 32 minutes ago It doesn't even mean that. Plenty of sports programs are run outside of schools, it works fine. If anything it's a better system. The problem with schools is there's only one team so only the best players have a chance of playing. In larger rec leagues there's tiers of teams so anybody who wants to play can find a spot. And this is good because the fundamental value of sports is not actually being good at the sport so much as it is the combination of physical activity, group activity, and the task of improving yourself. In an ideal education system home-schooled kids could participate in a sporting league of their own level so they could reap the benefits of group sports without the weird fucking drama of high school sports and a bunch of idiots trying to go pro. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 2 hours ago Biotchismo. permalink award report block reply
Coprolite 1 points 2 hours ago It happens all the time. My kids' school had a problem with a weirdo 8th grade teacher. He would make comments about how pretty the girls are at this school. He only lasted a couple years before there was an alligation of misconduct an the sheriff opened an investigation an he quit and skipped town. permalink award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 1 points 7 minutes ago It's all about how the media reports it. They are friendly to liberal teacher heroes and against the church, so they will exploit the very few amount of times it happens in the church. permalink award report block reply
Gunmolester 1 points 44 minutes ago so many of them are rabid communists permalink award report block reply
RogueLeaderX 1 points 2 hours ago Scout Troop Leaders and priests are much easier targets. permalink award report block reply
2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 2 hours ago Oh, those "educators"!!! When I was a kid they actually attempted to teach you the 3 R's...not how to be sexually molested. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 2 hours ago i don't know anyone who was raped in the scouts, shits fake and gay permalink award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 0 points 3 hours ago I'd like to know what demographic the "students" are permalink award report block reply
ProtestantPatriot 0 points 2 hours ago The Catholic Church and over 1500 years of institutionalized grooming and raping begs to differ, nice try though you stupid fucking faggot permalink award report block reply