316 “K!LLED for "his troubles.” posted 3 days ago by DeepStateEnemy 65 comments award share report block The Resonance @Partisan_12 • 4d According to Ben Shapiro himself, Jesus was a "bad guy" who tried to overthrow the Roman Empire and was K!LLED for "his troubles."
65 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save loooooof 63 points 3 days ago Ben Shapiro. A subversive parasite plying it's trade. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 3 days ago Shitpiro has always been working, directly or indirectly for mossad, change my mind! permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 51 points 3 days ago Even Ben Shapiro will one day acknowledge that Jesus Christ is the King of Kings and the Lord of Lord's.  It might be too late at that point for him to enter the kingdom of heaven, but he will acknowledge Him. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 17 points 3 days ago Every knee shall bend and every tongue shall confess. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 12 points 3 days ago Amen 🙏. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 16 points 3 days ago Oh, make no mistake..if you turn your back on God he WILL do the same to you. Idk why everyone acts like he will be giving people passes. He's not some weak chump you can ignore. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 21 points 3 days ago He did give us a pass.  A free pass.  And His name is Jesus Christ.  The big question to people is, are you willing to accept that pass?  For those that do, eternal salvation awaits them.  For those that don't, eternal damnation awaits them. permalink parent award report block reply Dwoj 33 points 3 days ago You know it’s people like this that I don’t understand why the Christian communities are so in step with the Jewish Israel people they do not believe the same thing I do and I’ve often just scratched my head thinking. Why is this a coalition? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 27 points 3 days ago judeo-Christians = oxymoron Can you imagine people's surprise when God turns his back on them for worshipping a bastardized version of Christianity? This goes for the fag affirming rainbow Churches as well. A lot of good God fearing people will burn in hell. God warned us of imposters. Heed the warning or burn in hell. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 9 points 3 days ago The term "Judeo-Christian" never popped up until the post-war 1950's migration of war surviving Jews entering the United States. I wonder why? permalink parent award report block reply allatest4eternity 4 points 3 days ago If we are going to have Christian theological debate, it may be worth letting the Bible give us our understanding. A good start on this topic is the 11th chapter of Romans. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 days ago Because israel and jews subverted both Christian and Muslim communities. Take a look at what both our society and muslim societies looked like prior to Israel. permalink parent award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 33 points 3 days ago Hey look a pharisee. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 8 points 3 days ago Exactly, the only people Jesus publicly came out against were the corrupt Jewish religious leaders who were manipulating people's faith to gain personal wealth and power. permalink parent award report block reply Saltyminer11 1 points 3 days ago Yes. Are you surprised? permalink parent award report block reply Stossels_stach 25 points 3 days ago Synagogue of Satan Or as Jesus called them: "liars" permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 10 points 3 days ago and hypocrites permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 3 days ago And whitewashed bones. permalink parent award report block reply WanderingStar 2 points 3 days ago "A brood of vipers." permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Both liturgies encourage  telling lies to others (non-believers). https://illinoisfamily.org/islam-sharia/knowing-four-arabic-words-may-save-our-civilization-from-islamic-takeover/ permalink parent award report block reply Glenlaw 18 points 3 days ago The Romans were certainly involved in Jesus's execution, but look at this little bastard minimizing the role of the Jews in the death of Jesus. permalink award report block reply AngeredKabar 13 points 3 days ago Pontius Pilate offered a convicted murderer to be crucified, but the Judeans lead by the Pharisees wanted Jesus crucified instead. Pilate washed his hands of the ordeal. The crowd got what it wanted. permalink parent award report block reply onesummerdream 5 points 3 days ago Saving our democracy! permalink parent award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 2 points 3 days ago It was all part of God's plan. Jesus knew it was coming. He had to fulfill it. permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 18 points 3 days ago Jesus's main enemy was the Jewish religious leadership, not the Romans.
This Jewish guy is sadly mistaken, and will know one day that Jesus is his messiah. permalink award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago They knew. He knows. " And thou Bethlehem Ephrathah art little to be among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me, that shall be the ruler in Israel: whose goings forth have been from the beginning and from everlasting."  --Micah 5:2
1599 Geneva Bible Some never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. Ben is no exception. permalink parent award report block reply Zhongda 16 points 3 days ago While the yids suck on baby dick.  You know.  Chosen people things. permalink award report block reply UnchainedDog 10 points 3 days ago Yep and we will be called liars. Every fucking baby raped by these fucked literally permalink parent award report block reply DiscountFedoras -1 points 3 days ago Liar permalink parent award report block reply Shmioighan 15 points 3 days ago Only by circuitous logic. The Romans had a tough time holding onto Judea - they revolted several times and it was a mess every time. This cost the Romans time, effort and manpower they needed elsewhere - often desperately. Thus, when Jews threatened (if only implied) to revolt if the Romans didn't kill Jesus, they did, to save the governor (and the Empire) the cost, trouble and setbacks they couldn't easily afford. Eventually, they'd revolt anyway (several times), and only after a very bad one did the then-emperor Hadrian respond with genocide (that Rome couldn't afford, but they did it anyway, lol) that killed many and scattered the rest to every corner of the world. Sophistry is in their genetics. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 5 points 3 days ago That was, in my way of thinking, Gods Hand, via the Romans, Destroying the Second Temple, an the entire Levite Tribe, which leaves them Without Proper God Ordained Religious Leaders.... Traditionally, only the Levites were Rabbis, but God sent the Romans to wipe them out, BECAUSE they had broken the covenant for a Second Time.... Go isn't a Fool, and so far, has Not made a Third Covenant with them.... And I highly doubt he will ever make a third covenant with them, because God isn't a Three Time Fool.... permalink parent award report block reply AbsurdOpinion 12 points 3 days ago America was never a "Judeo-Christian" nation - it is a Christian Nation and anti-christians have been trying to tear it down since the day it was formed. permalink award report block reply Jetjockey 11 points 3 days ago How many times do Jews have to tell us that they hate Christians before we believe them? permalink award report block reply Marat1792 11 points 3 days ago Here is my problem. Let's pretend that the Jews are right and Jesus is just another false profit and that Christianity never caught on. If that were the case, I think middle east would have been wiped out on principal. There is no redeeming value to Judaism. No one is loved, or saved. And the jewish rabbis have turned their religion into a ideology of evil and wickedness. If the barbarians read the talmud, the jews would have never made it up into europe. They would have been killed on sight. This is also why the Romans, Egyptians, Russians, and the Germans all tried to wipe these subspecies out on multiple occasions. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 8 points 3 days ago Even if Jesus was a false profit, which I do not contend, it would be in the worlds best interest to act as if he were the true resurrected son of God (which he was), simply because Christianity is the greatest moral invention in the history of the world.  Christianity has lead to the end of slavery, property rights and then capitalism, the scientific method, women's rights (when not granted privileges), and simply describes a way of interacting with other humans in a way that lifts us all. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply Spacemonkey 8 points 3 days ago Ben Shapiro: a literal walking stereotype of greedy manipulative jew. permalink award report block reply LaptopDied 7 points 3 days ago Oh who is he. permalink award report block reply ubit 7 points 3 days ago This is the censored version of what they believe. If Christian leaders hadn't placed these people on a pedestal, we wouldn't be in this mess. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 3 days ago Slimy little Benny deserves the treatment that Jesus received and took. permalink award report block reply Retard_Strength 6 points 3 days ago "that's not my thing - can't you see my little hat that I wear 24/7/365?" permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 5 points 3 days ago He tried to overthrow the Roman's?  By telling people to submit to their authority and be peaceful? What Benji really hates is that Jesus was trying to overthrow the CORRUPT JEWS of the time.  Jesus was a Jew and saw how shitty the leadership had become. Why would Ben try to conceal that? permalink award report block reply GarbageManCan47 5 points 3 days ago Not only is the assertion that Jesus was inciting a revolt patently false, didn't the Jews fight, and lose, a rebellion against the Romans not long after they condemned Jesus to death? Isn't like half of Judaism based on their struggles with Roman occupation? And before that, Antogonid and Selucid occupation? And before that, Persian Achaemenid occupation. And before that, pre Ptolemaic Egypt enslavement? Rebellion (and losing usually) is their entire history. Why are Jews such sniveling little rats who just can't take responsibility for the fact they condemned Jesus to death? permalink award report block reply barwhack 4 points 3 days ago Jews of the time[*] - standing as everymen - killed God The Name thru their sheer humanity, and God STILL invites them and us THEREBY, to divine kinship . Shappy claims continuity with those Pharisees[*], so he must per force defend their murder of that The God ... to defend his own conscience. In this case, he sloughs the blame on the defunct Romans. It's a whiny position. permalink award report block reply behemoth887 4 points 3 days ago roman politician: "this guy didn't do shit why do u want him dead so bad" "roman" citizens of judea: "fuck u ur hitler!! BLM BLM BLM" roman politician: "what the actual fuck" permalink award report block reply HumblePig 3 points 3 days ago I'm not Christian, but I seem to remember Jesus being very "render unto Caesar what is Caesar's" and emphasizing he was not preaching of the kingdom of Man, and his only beef with the any regnant institutions were when they took action inside temples meant for worship of his Father, or killed Jews. permalink award report block reply DiscountFedoras 3 points 3 days ago He didn’t say once Jesus was a bad guy in this clip permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 3 points 3 days ago This post is a lie and you are a liar for misquoting this scrawny zionist. He says "He was a Jew" and you changed it to "bad guy" and put it in quotes. He never said that. And just because I'm calling you out on your fake news lie doesn't mean I like Shapiro. Truth matters, so get lost you cnn fake news liar. "According to Ben Shapiro himself," - no, according to your lie, yourself. You own this, faggot. permalink award report block reply ltbadpuppy 3 points 3 days ago Ben shaprio would accuse everyone of anti semitsm if you bring up Jews demanded Jesus be crucified over an actual murderer permalink award report block reply captainmundane 2 points 3 days ago What a retard. Jews really didn't learn after the second destruction of their temple. They were warned for 40 years after Jesus when their scapegoat ritual was never in their favor.
Talmud Rosh Hashanah 31b 17 permalink award report block reply MrCappuccino 2 points 3 days ago Well Ben never said he was a bad guy. That’s a lie right there. Secondly, the Romans killed him. Like it or not they made the choice. They killed him. Some Jewish leaders didn’t like Jesus. It was not all Jews which is stereotyped beyond logic with memes anymore. He was viewed as making a revolt. Romans don’t like revolutions. Jesus was alive and was a Jew. His followers…also Jewish. Many Jews converted to Christianity and formed it. The Roman’s at this time are not Christian either. They prayed to Saturn and the rest of that pantheon. When you’re an empire like that, you don’t like troublemakers and change and protests. All the dynasties and empires from history have quelled them. Now you don’t have like Ben, but don’t lie about what he said. He’s smug and his brand of conservatism isn’t something a lot of Trump people do not care for, as I don’t. Don’t act like Christianity was immune to evils either. 20,000 sexual abuse victims that they know of happened. So spare me the high horse bs. Bunch of fags on this site anymore. Leaning more and more left every day it seems. permalink award report block reply Realassman 1 points 3 days ago So 6 millions were also because of troubles ? Asking for science permalink award report block reply jonnyuno 1 points 3 days ago The Old Testament is littered with Jesus and examples of Jesus. I have compassion on Jewish blindness but seriously, it's not without proof. Jesus is announced everywhere. Isaiah most prominently. He was despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.       Ben is 'too smart' for his own Savior. I pray Jesus saves him. That's what it takes. Ben's pride may damn him. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 0 points 3 days ago “littered”??  Like trash? What an odd thing to say. permalink parent award report block reply jonnyuno 1 points 3 days ago No, as in kindled, propagated, multiplied.  But you already knew what I meant. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 days ago To Muslims Jesus was a prophet.
To Jews hes just a guy. Now jews have subverted Muslim culture to act like savages and ve the bad guys, and they subvert christian culture to he a weak victim to muslims. Thats the narrative and world they have shaped.
Prior to israel Muslim cultures were civilized and more akin to Christian cultures.
Strictly jewish cultures didnt exist they just lived in the shadow ans abused the ones they existed within. permalink award report block reply hilboggins 0 points 3 days ago Why are Christians such cucks for Israel ? permalink award report block reply KeepMarxInTheGround -1 points 3 days ago Boomer and Gen X Evangelical Christians want this guy's approval... Unreal. permalink award report block reply CyanScales -6 points 3 days ago That was the perspective of the Romans. permalink award report block reply Truth_Will_Prevail_2 12 points 3 days ago The perspective of the Roman authority..."I find NO guilt in this man!" permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 8 points 3 days ago But the bloodthirsty tiny hats had to have their lust quenched no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply Truth_Will_Prevail_2 5 points 3 days ago Truth that threatened THEIR place in society must be crushed and silenced. How'd that work out for them? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 3 days ago Well, they currently control everything, even our own country, so... permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 3 days ago And only 600 years later, the bloodthirsty muslim tribes would make that puny jew mob-mentality appear absolutely PALE in comparison, as they roamed the earth seeking whom they may devour for over a thousand years, which continues to this very day. permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 5 points 3 days ago So it is written. permalink parent award report block reply
loooooof 63 points 3 days ago Ben Shapiro. A subversive parasite plying it's trade. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 3 days ago Shitpiro has always been working, directly or indirectly for mossad, change my mind! permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 3 days ago Shitpiro has always been working, directly or indirectly for mossad, change my mind! permalink parent award report block reply
Landslide_2020 51 points 3 days ago Even Ben Shapiro will one day acknowledge that Jesus Christ is the King of Kings and the Lord of Lord's.  It might be too late at that point for him to enter the kingdom of heaven, but he will acknowledge Him. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 17 points 3 days ago Every knee shall bend and every tongue shall confess. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 12 points 3 days ago Amen 🙏. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 16 points 3 days ago Oh, make no mistake..if you turn your back on God he WILL do the same to you. Idk why everyone acts like he will be giving people passes. He's not some weak chump you can ignore. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 21 points 3 days ago He did give us a pass.  A free pass.  And His name is Jesus Christ.  The big question to people is, are you willing to accept that pass?  For those that do, eternal salvation awaits them.  For those that don't, eternal damnation awaits them. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 17 points 3 days ago Every knee shall bend and every tongue shall confess. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 12 points 3 days ago Amen 🙏. permalink parent award report block reply
Landslide_2020 12 points 3 days ago Amen 🙏. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 16 points 3 days ago Oh, make no mistake..if you turn your back on God he WILL do the same to you. Idk why everyone acts like he will be giving people passes. He's not some weak chump you can ignore. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 21 points 3 days ago He did give us a pass.  A free pass.  And His name is Jesus Christ.  The big question to people is, are you willing to accept that pass?  For those that do, eternal salvation awaits them.  For those that don't, eternal damnation awaits them. permalink parent award report block reply
Landslide_2020 21 points 3 days ago He did give us a pass.  A free pass.  And His name is Jesus Christ.  The big question to people is, are you willing to accept that pass?  For those that do, eternal salvation awaits them.  For those that don't, eternal damnation awaits them. permalink parent award report block reply
Dwoj 33 points 3 days ago You know it’s people like this that I don’t understand why the Christian communities are so in step with the Jewish Israel people they do not believe the same thing I do and I’ve often just scratched my head thinking. Why is this a coalition? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 27 points 3 days ago judeo-Christians = oxymoron Can you imagine people's surprise when God turns his back on them for worshipping a bastardized version of Christianity? This goes for the fag affirming rainbow Churches as well. A lot of good God fearing people will burn in hell. God warned us of imposters. Heed the warning or burn in hell. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 9 points 3 days ago The term "Judeo-Christian" never popped up until the post-war 1950's migration of war surviving Jews entering the United States. I wonder why? permalink parent award report block reply allatest4eternity 4 points 3 days ago If we are going to have Christian theological debate, it may be worth letting the Bible give us our understanding. A good start on this topic is the 11th chapter of Romans. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 days ago Because israel and jews subverted both Christian and Muslim communities. Take a look at what both our society and muslim societies looked like prior to Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 27 points 3 days ago judeo-Christians = oxymoron Can you imagine people's surprise when God turns his back on them for worshipping a bastardized version of Christianity? This goes for the fag affirming rainbow Churches as well. A lot of good God fearing people will burn in hell. God warned us of imposters. Heed the warning or burn in hell. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 9 points 3 days ago The term "Judeo-Christian" never popped up until the post-war 1950's migration of war surviving Jews entering the United States. I wonder why? permalink parent award report block reply
45fan 9 points 3 days ago The term "Judeo-Christian" never popped up until the post-war 1950's migration of war surviving Jews entering the United States. I wonder why? permalink parent award report block reply
allatest4eternity 4 points 3 days ago If we are going to have Christian theological debate, it may be worth letting the Bible give us our understanding. A good start on this topic is the 11th chapter of Romans. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 days ago Because israel and jews subverted both Christian and Muslim communities. Take a look at what both our society and muslim societies looked like prior to Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
SickOfNeoPolitics 33 points 3 days ago Hey look a pharisee. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 8 points 3 days ago Exactly, the only people Jesus publicly came out against were the corrupt Jewish religious leaders who were manipulating people's faith to gain personal wealth and power. permalink parent award report block reply Saltyminer11 1 points 3 days ago Yes. Are you surprised? permalink parent award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 8 points 3 days ago Exactly, the only people Jesus publicly came out against were the corrupt Jewish religious leaders who were manipulating people's faith to gain personal wealth and power. permalink parent award report block reply
Saltyminer11 1 points 3 days ago Yes. Are you surprised? permalink parent award report block reply
Stossels_stach 25 points 3 days ago Synagogue of Satan Or as Jesus called them: "liars" permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 10 points 3 days ago and hypocrites permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 3 days ago And whitewashed bones. permalink parent award report block reply WanderingStar 2 points 3 days ago "A brood of vipers." permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Both liturgies encourage  telling lies to others (non-believers). https://illinoisfamily.org/islam-sharia/knowing-four-arabic-words-may-save-our-civilization-from-islamic-takeover/ permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 10 points 3 days ago and hypocrites permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 3 days ago And whitewashed bones. permalink parent award report block reply WanderingStar 2 points 3 days ago "A brood of vipers." permalink parent award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 2 points 3 days ago And whitewashed bones. permalink parent award report block reply WanderingStar 2 points 3 days ago "A brood of vipers." permalink parent award report block reply
WanderingStar 2 points 3 days ago "A brood of vipers." permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Both liturgies encourage  telling lies to others (non-believers). https://illinoisfamily.org/islam-sharia/knowing-four-arabic-words-may-save-our-civilization-from-islamic-takeover/ permalink parent award report block reply
Glenlaw 18 points 3 days ago The Romans were certainly involved in Jesus's execution, but look at this little bastard minimizing the role of the Jews in the death of Jesus. permalink award report block reply AngeredKabar 13 points 3 days ago Pontius Pilate offered a convicted murderer to be crucified, but the Judeans lead by the Pharisees wanted Jesus crucified instead. Pilate washed his hands of the ordeal. The crowd got what it wanted. permalink parent award report block reply onesummerdream 5 points 3 days ago Saving our democracy! permalink parent award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 2 points 3 days ago It was all part of God's plan. Jesus knew it was coming. He had to fulfill it. permalink parent award report block reply
AngeredKabar 13 points 3 days ago Pontius Pilate offered a convicted murderer to be crucified, but the Judeans lead by the Pharisees wanted Jesus crucified instead. Pilate washed his hands of the ordeal. The crowd got what it wanted. permalink parent award report block reply onesummerdream 5 points 3 days ago Saving our democracy! permalink parent award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 2 points 3 days ago It was all part of God's plan. Jesus knew it was coming. He had to fulfill it. permalink parent award report block reply
onesummerdream 5 points 3 days ago Saving our democracy! permalink parent award report block reply
1776Widowmaker 2 points 3 days ago It was all part of God's plan. Jesus knew it was coming. He had to fulfill it. permalink parent award report block reply
FORMERCHILDSTAR 18 points 3 days ago Jesus's main enemy was the Jewish religious leadership, not the Romans.
This Jewish guy is sadly mistaken, and will know one day that Jesus is his messiah. permalink award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago They knew. He knows. " And thou Bethlehem Ephrathah art little to be among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me, that shall be the ruler in Israel: whose goings forth have been from the beginning and from everlasting."  --Micah 5:2
1599 Geneva Bible Some never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. Ben is no exception. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago They knew. He knows. " And thou Bethlehem Ephrathah art little to be among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me, that shall be the ruler in Israel: whose goings forth have been from the beginning and from everlasting."  --Micah 5:2
1599 Geneva Bible Some never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. Ben is no exception. permalink parent award report block reply
Zhongda 16 points 3 days ago While the yids suck on baby dick.  You know.  Chosen people things. permalink award report block reply UnchainedDog 10 points 3 days ago Yep and we will be called liars. Every fucking baby raped by these fucked literally permalink parent award report block reply DiscountFedoras -1 points 3 days ago Liar permalink parent award report block reply
UnchainedDog 10 points 3 days ago Yep and we will be called liars. Every fucking baby raped by these fucked literally permalink parent award report block reply DiscountFedoras -1 points 3 days ago Liar permalink parent award report block reply
DiscountFedoras -1 points 3 days ago Liar permalink parent award report block reply
Shmioighan 15 points 3 days ago Only by circuitous logic. The Romans had a tough time holding onto Judea - they revolted several times and it was a mess every time. This cost the Romans time, effort and manpower they needed elsewhere - often desperately. Thus, when Jews threatened (if only implied) to revolt if the Romans didn't kill Jesus, they did, to save the governor (and the Empire) the cost, trouble and setbacks they couldn't easily afford. Eventually, they'd revolt anyway (several times), and only after a very bad one did the then-emperor Hadrian respond with genocide (that Rome couldn't afford, but they did it anyway, lol) that killed many and scattered the rest to every corner of the world. Sophistry is in their genetics. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 5 points 3 days ago That was, in my way of thinking, Gods Hand, via the Romans, Destroying the Second Temple, an the entire Levite Tribe, which leaves them Without Proper God Ordained Religious Leaders.... Traditionally, only the Levites were Rabbis, but God sent the Romans to wipe them out, BECAUSE they had broken the covenant for a Second Time.... Go isn't a Fool, and so far, has Not made a Third Covenant with them.... And I highly doubt he will ever make a third covenant with them, because God isn't a Three Time Fool.... permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 5 points 3 days ago That was, in my way of thinking, Gods Hand, via the Romans, Destroying the Second Temple, an the entire Levite Tribe, which leaves them Without Proper God Ordained Religious Leaders.... Traditionally, only the Levites were Rabbis, but God sent the Romans to wipe them out, BECAUSE they had broken the covenant for a Second Time.... Go isn't a Fool, and so far, has Not made a Third Covenant with them.... And I highly doubt he will ever make a third covenant with them, because God isn't a Three Time Fool.... permalink parent award report block reply
AbsurdOpinion 12 points 3 days ago America was never a "Judeo-Christian" nation - it is a Christian Nation and anti-christians have been trying to tear it down since the day it was formed. permalink award report block reply
Jetjockey 11 points 3 days ago How many times do Jews have to tell us that they hate Christians before we believe them? permalink award report block reply
Marat1792 11 points 3 days ago Here is my problem. Let's pretend that the Jews are right and Jesus is just another false profit and that Christianity never caught on. If that were the case, I think middle east would have been wiped out on principal. There is no redeeming value to Judaism. No one is loved, or saved. And the jewish rabbis have turned their religion into a ideology of evil and wickedness. If the barbarians read the talmud, the jews would have never made it up into europe. They would have been killed on sight. This is also why the Romans, Egyptians, Russians, and the Germans all tried to wipe these subspecies out on multiple occasions. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 8 points 3 days ago Even if Jesus was a false profit, which I do not contend, it would be in the worlds best interest to act as if he were the true resurrected son of God (which he was), simply because Christianity is the greatest moral invention in the history of the world.  Christianity has lead to the end of slavery, property rights and then capitalism, the scientific method, women's rights (when not granted privileges), and simply describes a way of interacting with other humans in a way that lifts us all. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 8 points 3 days ago Even if Jesus was a false profit, which I do not contend, it would be in the worlds best interest to act as if he were the true resurrected son of God (which he was), simply because Christianity is the greatest moral invention in the history of the world.  Christianity has lead to the end of slavery, property rights and then capitalism, the scientific method, women's rights (when not granted privileges), and simply describes a way of interacting with other humans in a way that lifts us all. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 3 points 3 days ago *prophet permalink parent award report block reply
Spacemonkey 8 points 3 days ago Ben Shapiro: a literal walking stereotype of greedy manipulative jew. permalink award report block reply
LaptopDied 7 points 3 days ago Oh who is he. permalink award report block reply
ubit 7 points 3 days ago This is the censored version of what they believe. If Christian leaders hadn't placed these people on a pedestal, we wouldn't be in this mess. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 6 points 3 days ago Slimy little Benny deserves the treatment that Jesus received and took. permalink award report block reply
Retard_Strength 6 points 3 days ago "that's not my thing - can't you see my little hat that I wear 24/7/365?" permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 5 points 3 days ago He tried to overthrow the Roman's?  By telling people to submit to their authority and be peaceful? What Benji really hates is that Jesus was trying to overthrow the CORRUPT JEWS of the time.  Jesus was a Jew and saw how shitty the leadership had become. Why would Ben try to conceal that? permalink award report block reply
GarbageManCan47 5 points 3 days ago Not only is the assertion that Jesus was inciting a revolt patently false, didn't the Jews fight, and lose, a rebellion against the Romans not long after they condemned Jesus to death? Isn't like half of Judaism based on their struggles with Roman occupation? And before that, Antogonid and Selucid occupation? And before that, Persian Achaemenid occupation. And before that, pre Ptolemaic Egypt enslavement? Rebellion (and losing usually) is their entire history. Why are Jews such sniveling little rats who just can't take responsibility for the fact they condemned Jesus to death? permalink award report block reply
barwhack 4 points 3 days ago Jews of the time[*] - standing as everymen - killed God The Name thru their sheer humanity, and God STILL invites them and us THEREBY, to divine kinship . Shappy claims continuity with those Pharisees[*], so he must per force defend their murder of that The God ... to defend his own conscience. In this case, he sloughs the blame on the defunct Romans. It's a whiny position. permalink award report block reply
behemoth887 4 points 3 days ago roman politician: "this guy didn't do shit why do u want him dead so bad" "roman" citizens of judea: "fuck u ur hitler!! BLM BLM BLM" roman politician: "what the actual fuck" permalink award report block reply
HumblePig 3 points 3 days ago I'm not Christian, but I seem to remember Jesus being very "render unto Caesar what is Caesar's" and emphasizing he was not preaching of the kingdom of Man, and his only beef with the any regnant institutions were when they took action inside temples meant for worship of his Father, or killed Jews. permalink award report block reply
DiscountFedoras 3 points 3 days ago He didn’t say once Jesus was a bad guy in this clip permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 3 points 3 days ago This post is a lie and you are a liar for misquoting this scrawny zionist. He says "He was a Jew" and you changed it to "bad guy" and put it in quotes. He never said that. And just because I'm calling you out on your fake news lie doesn't mean I like Shapiro. Truth matters, so get lost you cnn fake news liar. "According to Ben Shapiro himself," - no, according to your lie, yourself. You own this, faggot. permalink award report block reply
ltbadpuppy 3 points 3 days ago Ben shaprio would accuse everyone of anti semitsm if you bring up Jews demanded Jesus be crucified over an actual murderer permalink award report block reply
captainmundane 2 points 3 days ago What a retard. Jews really didn't learn after the second destruction of their temple. They were warned for 40 years after Jesus when their scapegoat ritual was never in their favor.
Talmud Rosh Hashanah 31b 17 permalink award report block reply
MrCappuccino 2 points 3 days ago Well Ben never said he was a bad guy. That’s a lie right there. Secondly, the Romans killed him. Like it or not they made the choice. They killed him. Some Jewish leaders didn’t like Jesus. It was not all Jews which is stereotyped beyond logic with memes anymore. He was viewed as making a revolt. Romans don’t like revolutions. Jesus was alive and was a Jew. His followers…also Jewish. Many Jews converted to Christianity and formed it. The Roman’s at this time are not Christian either. They prayed to Saturn and the rest of that pantheon. When you’re an empire like that, you don’t like troublemakers and change and protests. All the dynasties and empires from history have quelled them. Now you don’t have like Ben, but don’t lie about what he said. He’s smug and his brand of conservatism isn’t something a lot of Trump people do not care for, as I don’t. Don’t act like Christianity was immune to evils either. 20,000 sexual abuse victims that they know of happened. So spare me the high horse bs. Bunch of fags on this site anymore. Leaning more and more left every day it seems. permalink award report block reply
Realassman 1 points 3 days ago So 6 millions were also because of troubles ? Asking for science permalink award report block reply
jonnyuno 1 points 3 days ago The Old Testament is littered with Jesus and examples of Jesus. I have compassion on Jewish blindness but seriously, it's not without proof. Jesus is announced everywhere. Isaiah most prominently. He was despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.       Ben is 'too smart' for his own Savior. I pray Jesus saves him. That's what it takes. Ben's pride may damn him. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 0 points 3 days ago “littered”??  Like trash? What an odd thing to say. permalink parent award report block reply jonnyuno 1 points 3 days ago No, as in kindled, propagated, multiplied.  But you already knew what I meant. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 0 points 3 days ago “littered”??  Like trash? What an odd thing to say. permalink parent award report block reply jonnyuno 1 points 3 days ago No, as in kindled, propagated, multiplied.  But you already knew what I meant. permalink parent award report block reply
jonnyuno 1 points 3 days ago No, as in kindled, propagated, multiplied.  But you already knew what I meant. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 days ago To Muslims Jesus was a prophet.
To Jews hes just a guy. Now jews have subverted Muslim culture to act like savages and ve the bad guys, and they subvert christian culture to he a weak victim to muslims. Thats the narrative and world they have shaped.
Prior to israel Muslim cultures were civilized and more akin to Christian cultures.
Strictly jewish cultures didnt exist they just lived in the shadow ans abused the ones they existed within. permalink award report block reply
hilboggins 0 points 3 days ago Why are Christians such cucks for Israel ? permalink award report block reply
KeepMarxInTheGround -1 points 3 days ago Boomer and Gen X Evangelical Christians want this guy's approval... Unreal. permalink award report block reply
CyanScales -6 points 3 days ago That was the perspective of the Romans. permalink award report block reply Truth_Will_Prevail_2 12 points 3 days ago The perspective of the Roman authority..."I find NO guilt in this man!" permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 8 points 3 days ago But the bloodthirsty tiny hats had to have their lust quenched no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply Truth_Will_Prevail_2 5 points 3 days ago Truth that threatened THEIR place in society must be crushed and silenced. How'd that work out for them? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 3 days ago Well, they currently control everything, even our own country, so... permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 3 days ago And only 600 years later, the bloodthirsty muslim tribes would make that puny jew mob-mentality appear absolutely PALE in comparison, as they roamed the earth seeking whom they may devour for over a thousand years, which continues to this very day. permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 5 points 3 days ago So it is written. permalink parent award report block reply
Truth_Will_Prevail_2 12 points 3 days ago The perspective of the Roman authority..."I find NO guilt in this man!" permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 8 points 3 days ago But the bloodthirsty tiny hats had to have their lust quenched no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply Truth_Will_Prevail_2 5 points 3 days ago Truth that threatened THEIR place in society must be crushed and silenced. How'd that work out for them? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 3 days ago Well, they currently control everything, even our own country, so... permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 3 days ago And only 600 years later, the bloodthirsty muslim tribes would make that puny jew mob-mentality appear absolutely PALE in comparison, as they roamed the earth seeking whom they may devour for over a thousand years, which continues to this very day. permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 5 points 3 days ago So it is written. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 8 points 3 days ago But the bloodthirsty tiny hats had to have their lust quenched no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply Truth_Will_Prevail_2 5 points 3 days ago Truth that threatened THEIR place in society must be crushed and silenced. How'd that work out for them? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 3 days ago Well, they currently control everything, even our own country, so... permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 1 points 3 days ago And only 600 years later, the bloodthirsty muslim tribes would make that puny jew mob-mentality appear absolutely PALE in comparison, as they roamed the earth seeking whom they may devour for over a thousand years, which continues to this very day. permalink parent award report block reply
Truth_Will_Prevail_2 5 points 3 days ago Truth that threatened THEIR place in society must be crushed and silenced. How'd that work out for them? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 3 days ago Well, they currently control everything, even our own country, so... permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 3 points 3 days ago Well, they currently control everything, even our own country, so... permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 1 points 3 days ago And only 600 years later, the bloodthirsty muslim tribes would make that puny jew mob-mentality appear absolutely PALE in comparison, as they roamed the earth seeking whom they may devour for over a thousand years, which continues to this very day. permalink parent award report block reply
rivetjoint2 5 points 3 days ago So it is written. permalink parent award report block reply