1125 Wasting Money! posted 3 days ago by Trick 36 comments award share download report block
36 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style UH69MAGA 32 points 3 days ago Lol, that was ALL donor money. permalink award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 20 points 3 days ago Yup. It’s his money and donor money. Lefties can pound sand. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 3 points 3 days ago Yes pro crypto coinbase(brian armstrong) gave a lot! permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 4 points 3 days ago Most people don't know, and the WH isn't talking about it, but there was a bunker under the East wing designed for the government to continue to function in the event of a nuclear war.  I suspect the ballroom build is also a cover to update the bunker with SOTA comms and other updates. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard -1 points 3 days ago He is making sure companies like Palantir stay in line since now that they own a part of the white house they have a stake in it. permalink parent award report block reply ErgonomicNomad 3 points 3 days ago Ehhhh that's pretty weak. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Staying in line , "on the straight and narrow" , is just a survival tactic for them.  Means they chose wisely ,so far. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 11 points 3 days ago I need to hammer this point home: Obama was never a basketball player! I spent 2 hours every day at 6 AM in high school alone in a gym honing my jump shot. I know the game of hoops. I saw Obama’s sissy attempts to shoot and was disgusted. Dude didn’t even grow up here, yet the media tried to give him “street cred”. I’d be at a sports bar hanging out with some black dudes who brought up politics. I’d show them Barry Soetoro’s corkscrew “jump shot” and I’d create new republicans. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 5 points 3 days ago Everybody knows he can't possibly be a BBall Player, because he's a Nut Gargler.... Yes, he plays WITH balls, just not Basket Balls.... permalink parent award report block reply XpatDemocrat 3 points 3 days ago He plays with the balls of a basket case? permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 3 days ago Well….i wasn’t going there….. but you’re not wrong. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 4 points 3 days ago I never played basketball, but I could see Obama never had either. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 2 points 3 days ago That's funny coming from a hockey mom. The one dude who grew up in my neighborhood who was a hockey player was absolutely terrible at baseball and basketball.  Dude was tough as nails though, and he's still a good friend to this day. I may just share this comment with him. Yes, he's MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago And they say his bb court cost more than the upcoming ballroom. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 2 days ago Cost to the taxpayers?  Yes, considering Trump got this ballroom done with private donations. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 10 points 3 days ago The White House won’t use a ballroom?! lol okay permalink award report block reply XpatDemocrat 4 points 3 days ago "Most americans" is not the white house. Just sayin. The white house will use tge ballroom to host and entertain foreign dignitaries. America will reap the benefits of not having the president host them in a damn easy-up like years past permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 3 points 3 days ago Its like the Rock n Roll Hall Of Fame. Trying to include more basket ball players to visit. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 3 points 3 days ago I’ll never get to use either but one does make more sense. Wish we had more inward focus. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 3 points 3 days ago I suppose so, but just how many Basketball Americans are going to the WH just to hang and play ball??? How many times did BrokeBackBarry go outside and shoot hoops??? How many times did any of the Worlds leaders play a game or shoot hoops??? And how many of the Worlds Leaders do we expect will go to the WH Ballroom just to rub elbows with other World Leaders??? The entire ballroom thing is a Power Flex FOR The U.S., whereas a BBall Court isn't.... permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 3 days ago If anyone at all is going to use it in the next 50 years it’s going to be kids and maybe five minutes while some college champions or NBA champions dribble for a couple seconds for a photo op. Absolutely useless. Just like all the hoops in driveways in my neighborhood. The kids use them for about five years and then done. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 3 days ago I absolutely agree but it's not a good look when the citizens are struggling. Who's benefiting from the Kennedy Center makeover? Not you or I I'm willing to bet. Let these year 2, ,3, or 4 accomplishments when the average person isn't working paycheck to paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago As long as the World sees it as a Massive Power Flex, I'm good with that.... The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the Enemy without Fighting.... Keep the enemy guessing.... Keep the Enemy Angry.... Keep the Enemy Confused.... Sun Tzu permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 3 days ago In just 2 more weeks I bet we win! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BeauHD 3 points 3 days ago Typical MSDNC dog whistling kinda thing. The ballroom was paid for by donors, not the taxpayers! permalink award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 3 days ago He should build two of them just to make them twice as angry. permalink award report block reply DatabaseCentrals 3 points 3 days ago I'd argue if having a ballroom allows more visits and negotiations it would be used for the greater good permalink award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 3 days ago Or spares on Nixon's blowing alley? permalink award report block reply XpatDemocrat 1 points 3 days ago Obamas TAXPAYER FUNDED basketball court permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 1 points 3 days ago Democrats lecturing us about wasting money huh permalink award report block reply MarshallB 1 points 3 days ago When I was younger, I had a 10" jump. While awful, I now can't get off the ground. I could always jump higher from a standing start than a running start. Crazy, but true. permalink award report block reply RoryMiller77 1 points 3 days ago To be fair I never used the bathrooms at the White House either but I understand why they were built permalink award report block reply yepyep 1 points 3 days ago The basketball ball court was for Obama, Diddy and LeBron. permalink award report block reply MAGA1773 1 points 3 days ago Not if we all stop paying and stand up to the tyrants. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 3 days ago How many future presidents are going to play basketball? permalink award report block reply Kickass2001 0 points 3 days ago This is the dumbest meme I’ve ever seen. permalink award report block reply
UH69MAGA 32 points 3 days ago Lol, that was ALL donor money. permalink award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 20 points 3 days ago Yup. It’s his money and donor money. Lefties can pound sand. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 3 points 3 days ago Yes pro crypto coinbase(brian armstrong) gave a lot! permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 4 points 3 days ago Most people don't know, and the WH isn't talking about it, but there was a bunker under the East wing designed for the government to continue to function in the event of a nuclear war.  I suspect the ballroom build is also a cover to update the bunker with SOTA comms and other updates. permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard -1 points 3 days ago He is making sure companies like Palantir stay in line since now that they own a part of the white house they have a stake in it. permalink parent award report block reply ErgonomicNomad 3 points 3 days ago Ehhhh that's pretty weak. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Staying in line , "on the straight and narrow" , is just a survival tactic for them.  Means they chose wisely ,so far. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 20 points 3 days ago Yup. It’s his money and donor money. Lefties can pound sand. permalink parent award report block reply
Whatyougotson 3 points 3 days ago Yes pro crypto coinbase(brian armstrong) gave a lot! permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 4 points 3 days ago Most people don't know, and the WH isn't talking about it, but there was a bunker under the East wing designed for the government to continue to function in the event of a nuclear war.  I suspect the ballroom build is also a cover to update the bunker with SOTA comms and other updates. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 4 points 3 days ago Most people don't know, and the WH isn't talking about it, but there was a bunker under the East wing designed for the government to continue to function in the event of a nuclear war.  I suspect the ballroom build is also a cover to update the bunker with SOTA comms and other updates. permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard -1 points 3 days ago He is making sure companies like Palantir stay in line since now that they own a part of the white house they have a stake in it. permalink parent award report block reply ErgonomicNomad 3 points 3 days ago Ehhhh that's pretty weak. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Staying in line , "on the straight and narrow" , is just a survival tactic for them.  Means they chose wisely ,so far. permalink parent award report block reply
ErgonomicNomad 3 points 3 days ago Ehhhh that's pretty weak. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 3 days ago Staying in line , "on the straight and narrow" , is just a survival tactic for them.  Means they chose wisely ,so far. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 11 points 3 days ago I need to hammer this point home: Obama was never a basketball player! I spent 2 hours every day at 6 AM in high school alone in a gym honing my jump shot. I know the game of hoops. I saw Obama’s sissy attempts to shoot and was disgusted. Dude didn’t even grow up here, yet the media tried to give him “street cred”. I’d be at a sports bar hanging out with some black dudes who brought up politics. I’d show them Barry Soetoro’s corkscrew “jump shot” and I’d create new republicans. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 5 points 3 days ago Everybody knows he can't possibly be a BBall Player, because he's a Nut Gargler.... Yes, he plays WITH balls, just not Basket Balls.... permalink parent award report block reply XpatDemocrat 3 points 3 days ago He plays with the balls of a basket case? permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 3 days ago Well….i wasn’t going there….. but you’re not wrong. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 4 points 3 days ago I never played basketball, but I could see Obama never had either. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 2 points 3 days ago That's funny coming from a hockey mom. The one dude who grew up in my neighborhood who was a hockey player was absolutely terrible at baseball and basketball.  Dude was tough as nails though, and he's still a good friend to this day. I may just share this comment with him. Yes, he's MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago And they say his bb court cost more than the upcoming ballroom. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 2 days ago Cost to the taxpayers?  Yes, considering Trump got this ballroom done with private donations. permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 5 points 3 days ago Everybody knows he can't possibly be a BBall Player, because he's a Nut Gargler.... Yes, he plays WITH balls, just not Basket Balls.... permalink parent award report block reply XpatDemocrat 3 points 3 days ago He plays with the balls of a basket case? permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 3 days ago Well….i wasn’t going there….. but you’re not wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
XpatDemocrat 3 points 3 days ago He plays with the balls of a basket case? permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 3 points 3 days ago Well….i wasn’t going there….. but you’re not wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 4 points 3 days ago I never played basketball, but I could see Obama never had either. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 2 points 3 days ago That's funny coming from a hockey mom. The one dude who grew up in my neighborhood who was a hockey player was absolutely terrible at baseball and basketball.  Dude was tough as nails though, and he's still a good friend to this day. I may just share this comment with him. Yes, he's MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 2 points 3 days ago That's funny coming from a hockey mom. The one dude who grew up in my neighborhood who was a hockey player was absolutely terrible at baseball and basketball.  Dude was tough as nails though, and he's still a good friend to this day. I may just share this comment with him. Yes, he's MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago And they say his bb court cost more than the upcoming ballroom. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 2 days ago Cost to the taxpayers?  Yes, considering Trump got this ballroom done with private donations. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 1 points 2 days ago Cost to the taxpayers?  Yes, considering Trump got this ballroom done with private donations. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 10 points 3 days ago The White House won’t use a ballroom?! lol okay permalink award report block reply XpatDemocrat 4 points 3 days ago "Most americans" is not the white house. Just sayin. The white house will use tge ballroom to host and entertain foreign dignitaries. America will reap the benefits of not having the president host them in a damn easy-up like years past permalink parent award report block reply
XpatDemocrat 4 points 3 days ago "Most americans" is not the white house. Just sayin. The white house will use tge ballroom to host and entertain foreign dignitaries. America will reap the benefits of not having the president host them in a damn easy-up like years past permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 3 points 3 days ago Its like the Rock n Roll Hall Of Fame. Trying to include more basket ball players to visit. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 3 points 3 days ago I’ll never get to use either but one does make more sense. Wish we had more inward focus. permalink award report block reply HOSEQ 3 points 3 days ago I suppose so, but just how many Basketball Americans are going to the WH just to hang and play ball??? How many times did BrokeBackBarry go outside and shoot hoops??? How many times did any of the Worlds leaders play a game or shoot hoops??? And how many of the Worlds Leaders do we expect will go to the WH Ballroom just to rub elbows with other World Leaders??? The entire ballroom thing is a Power Flex FOR The U.S., whereas a BBall Court isn't.... permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 3 days ago If anyone at all is going to use it in the next 50 years it’s going to be kids and maybe five minutes while some college champions or NBA champions dribble for a couple seconds for a photo op. Absolutely useless. Just like all the hoops in driveways in my neighborhood. The kids use them for about five years and then done. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 3 days ago I absolutely agree but it's not a good look when the citizens are struggling. Who's benefiting from the Kennedy Center makeover? Not you or I I'm willing to bet. Let these year 2, ,3, or 4 accomplishments when the average person isn't working paycheck to paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago As long as the World sees it as a Massive Power Flex, I'm good with that.... The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the Enemy without Fighting.... Keep the enemy guessing.... Keep the Enemy Angry.... Keep the Enemy Confused.... Sun Tzu permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 3 days ago In just 2 more weeks I bet we win! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
HOSEQ 3 points 3 days ago I suppose so, but just how many Basketball Americans are going to the WH just to hang and play ball??? How many times did BrokeBackBarry go outside and shoot hoops??? How many times did any of the Worlds leaders play a game or shoot hoops??? And how many of the Worlds Leaders do we expect will go to the WH Ballroom just to rub elbows with other World Leaders??? The entire ballroom thing is a Power Flex FOR The U.S., whereas a BBall Court isn't.... permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 3 days ago If anyone at all is going to use it in the next 50 years it’s going to be kids and maybe five minutes while some college champions or NBA champions dribble for a couple seconds for a photo op. Absolutely useless. Just like all the hoops in driveways in my neighborhood. The kids use them for about five years and then done. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 3 days ago I absolutely agree but it's not a good look when the citizens are struggling. Who's benefiting from the Kennedy Center makeover? Not you or I I'm willing to bet. Let these year 2, ,3, or 4 accomplishments when the average person isn't working paycheck to paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago As long as the World sees it as a Massive Power Flex, I'm good with that.... The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the Enemy without Fighting.... Keep the enemy guessing.... Keep the Enemy Angry.... Keep the Enemy Confused.... Sun Tzu permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 3 days ago In just 2 more weeks I bet we win! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
vongregormench 2 points 3 days ago If anyone at all is going to use it in the next 50 years it’s going to be kids and maybe five minutes while some college champions or NBA champions dribble for a couple seconds for a photo op. Absolutely useless. Just like all the hoops in driveways in my neighborhood. The kids use them for about five years and then done. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 3 days ago I absolutely agree but it's not a good look when the citizens are struggling. Who's benefiting from the Kennedy Center makeover? Not you or I I'm willing to bet. Let these year 2, ,3, or 4 accomplishments when the average person isn't working paycheck to paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago As long as the World sees it as a Massive Power Flex, I'm good with that.... The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the Enemy without Fighting.... Keep the enemy guessing.... Keep the Enemy Angry.... Keep the Enemy Confused.... Sun Tzu permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 3 days ago In just 2 more weeks I bet we win! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago As long as the World sees it as a Massive Power Flex, I'm good with that.... The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the Enemy without Fighting.... Keep the enemy guessing.... Keep the Enemy Angry.... Keep the Enemy Confused.... Sun Tzu permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 3 days ago In just 2 more weeks I bet we win! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Aggrieved03 1 points 3 days ago In just 2 more weeks I bet we win! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BeauHD 3 points 3 days ago Typical MSDNC dog whistling kinda thing. The ballroom was paid for by donors, not the taxpayers! permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 3 points 3 days ago He should build two of them just to make them twice as angry. permalink award report block reply
DatabaseCentrals 3 points 3 days ago I'd argue if having a ballroom allows more visits and negotiations it would be used for the greater good permalink award report block reply
SnowSnake 2 points 3 days ago Or spares on Nixon's blowing alley? permalink award report block reply
XpatDemocrat 1 points 3 days ago Obamas TAXPAYER FUNDED basketball court permalink award report block reply
Megaboom2025 1 points 3 days ago Democrats lecturing us about wasting money huh permalink award report block reply
MarshallB 1 points 3 days ago When I was younger, I had a 10" jump. While awful, I now can't get off the ground. I could always jump higher from a standing start than a running start. Crazy, but true. permalink award report block reply
RoryMiller77 1 points 3 days ago To be fair I never used the bathrooms at the White House either but I understand why they were built permalink award report block reply
yepyep 1 points 3 days ago The basketball ball court was for Obama, Diddy and LeBron. permalink award report block reply
MAGA1773 1 points 3 days ago Not if we all stop paying and stand up to the tyrants. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 3 days ago How many future presidents are going to play basketball? permalink award report block reply
Kickass2001 0 points 3 days ago This is the dumbest meme I’ve ever seen. permalink award report block reply