1346 Trump Should Publicly Call Out Keir Starmer and just let him collapse. The escalating chaos documented real-time, transforms Starmer from a merely unreliable partner into a political liability in freefall. posted 22 hours ago by RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 115 comments award share download report block
115 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style Nachos_and_cheese 108 points 22 hours ago the uk is a shithole. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 38 points 21 hours ago It is up there with downtown Portland. Otherwise a gorgeous place. It was great when my mom was growing up there but things sure changed in the meantime. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 47 points 21 hours ago anywhere moslems infest like cockroaches goes to shit. The thing is that in the uk you are required by law to shut up and worship the goat fuckers, they never get punished under the law. Its a shithole. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 18 points 21 hours ago Time for an ethnic cleansing with tyre irons. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 19 points 21 hours ago something has to happen or our grandkids will be on a dirty mat with their ass in the air permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Sig229 4 points 14 hours ago Keir Starmer is one of the most evil subhuman cunts ever to draw breath on this planet but so are the subhuman cunts trying to topple him within government. They all hate Britain, western civilization in general and ESPECIALLY they hate President Trump. A surgical drone strike to take out the government would not upset true Britons. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp -6 points 20 hours ago More ‘brown guy bad’ boomer talk. Next you’ll tell me Mamdani won’t eat bacon on his Jewish bagel… This shit is retarded. If you have illegals in your communities, do something about it. Otherwise you’ll see it’s a much different issue. Family is being destroyed by a hungry socialist govt model, the admin class is on board.  No default divorces and support for a large portion of our society.    Who does the govt reward?  The agrarian male who doesn’t need assistance or the feminist who has to trade security for convenience? Nothing got ‘back’ since Covid-  just surveillance and cancellations. Laughing at the poor not getting food stamps…more diversions.  There are seniors whose kids bailed on them and rely on shit like that. Nobody wants welfare queens-  except for govt, institutions, fortune500…boomers think dindu run senior homes are proper care for their parents. We have so many issues under our nose but we’re told to give a fuck about Sudan. What about your local city?  Where the jobs are gone?  Constant confusion and attention away from what matters is their goal….nothing will get fixed. You will own nothing. permalink parent award report block reply MandAR15lorian 9 points 19 hours ago Unfortunately I don't think Trump condemning Starmer will do anything but help him. That country is so cucked the TDS there is off the charts. You can't spell cUcK without "UK." permalink parent award report block reply narvster 2 points 11 hours ago An ex-Tory here actually created the Change UK Party... the fucking CUK party.... permalink parent award report block reply spezi 4 points 21 hours ago Starmer is IRL Adam Sutler from V for Vendetta permalink parent award report block reply Hoshi 4 points 18 hours ago The EU likes to put people in charge with a 95% disapproval rating for a reason permalink parent award report block reply Ricky_CIA 3 points 21 hours ago A desert death cultist shithole. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... MEME-SUPREME 53 points 21 hours ago Ken Starmer is a traitor. permalink award report block reply GA_Logic 28 points 21 hours ago It appears he was groomed to be this way. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 30 points 21 hours ago For those who are unaware, the founder of the Labour Party was named “Keir”. His parents literally named him after the person who founded that cancerous party and thus groomed him to join and run it. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 12 hours ago fabian scum permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 22 points 21 hours ago Yeah he is a total puppet. I swear that man literally doesn’t have thoughts or an internal monologue. His eyes are soulless and empty. permalink parent award report block reply Ozmaga 13 points 21 hours ago He has already stated as much. He doesn't have an internal monologue, doesn't dream and he doesn't have a favourite book, movie or TV show. He is a literal political android man groomed and created to be a politician. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago Being violently raped and abused at an all boys school will do that to a guy. permalink parent award report block reply Gerned 2 points 21 hours ago Muppet permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 8 points 21 hours ago The tribe. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 6 points 21 hours ago We know the globohomo playbook as it is clear as day now. permalink parent award report block reply impera 5 points 17 hours ago https://x.com/WallStreetMav/status/1985855391314464934 Literally around pedophiles his entire life. And people yet still wonder why he is such a terrorist-enabling monster at war with every British child. permalink parent award report block reply FaustyArchaeus 3 points 20 hours ago Savile buggered him good permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 20 hours ago He’s an evil SOB. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 39 points 21 hours ago UK has been Islamified by globohomos. USA must send a stern message. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 10 points 21 hours ago A bioweapon targeting Muslim races? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 11 points 21 hours ago No, worse. Send 100% American bacon.  Loads of it. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 21 hours ago Wouldn't unwashed pork foreskins be more effective? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 2 points 21 hours ago Pork crackings is just as good to send on over the pond to the UK. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefe_And_Justice 3 points 17 hours ago Load up a ton of B-52's, then carpet bomb the living crap out of London with bacon!  Muslims will flee like the little goat rapists they are! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 17 hours ago Siege London with Christmas pork if need be.  Turn the raghead tactics against them.  Have leaflets drop pamphlets of different recipes using bacon for dishes too. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 2 points 14 hours ago All semites permalink parent award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 30 points 21 hours ago Surely a coincidence that it's going on right after the Intel sharing break was announced. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 20 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that the intel sharing break was announced after Trump's lawsuit against the BBC was announced. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that this happened after Sessions has been working on it behind the scenes for so long permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 20 hours ago "Trust Sessions", we had him and Fauci, how many damned Keebler Elves are in this gov't? permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 3 points 20 hours ago Rand Paul has entered the chat... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TenchuStealthAss 22 points 21 hours ago "Mahmood". Not gonna fix anything. permalink award report block reply Cuetardian 20 points 21 hours ago King Charles is a closet muslim along with his friend (and complete muslim sympathizer, Jewish or not,) Keir Starmer. They are a big part of the reason for the horror life in the UK has become. "The Andrew formerly known as Prince" is being sacrificed to take the attention off Charles, who is orders of magnitude worse when it comes to being a pedophile. Look up his best pal Jimmy Savile, just to start with. permalink award report block reply Scatter-Shot 15 points 21 hours ago Pres. Trump did exactly what you suggested in Canada last December and Trudeau resigned. Instead of ushering in a Conservative Majority and Canada pull its head out of its ass and started building pipelines, undoing all of Trudeau's gun bans, fix immigration, and work with Pres. Trump to get a good trade deal, Liberal replaced Trudeau with Carney and polling recovered and proceed to NOT do anything that fix Canada. If you want a PM Farage and stop British women and girls from being raped, stay out of UK politics. permalink award report block reply tholinz 17 points 20 hours ago I'm not sure Farage has what it takes to clean up the UK either. Short of full scale civil war, I don't see a way back for them. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 17 points 20 hours ago Nobody is voting their way out of this. It's going to come down to who is willing to spill blood. So far, it's the muslims and the left, which is why they are winning. permalink parent award report block reply Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Unlike America's system, Westminster Model of government is designed in a way to prevent insurgent outsiders from taking over a party. It is frankly a miracle that Farage took over Reform and they are polling in majority territory right now. Let's settle with Farage and worry about if he has what it takes or not when he become PM Farage. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 20 hours ago Settle your way straight into obliteration. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago He does not. Unless they remove all muslims and jeets, they're done for. There won't be an anglo-saxon left in 50 years. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 14 hours ago We need a couple bombs dropped on city of london and we could walk away after that. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 13 points 21 hours ago If anyone looking up Wes Streeting thinks he looks a bit weird and homosexual then you’d be correct. Same goes for Keir Stalin. permalink award report block reply Ozmaga 4 points 21 hours ago *Queer Stalin permalink parent award report block reply VictorThomas451 12 points 20 hours ago Keir Starmer is vicious.  The people who could replace him are an Islamist lawyer (Mahmoud), 3 literal communists and an intellectually challenged, violent Carribean man who wants reparations for everyone who is not white.  It's hell living here now.  This country has nuclear weapons and US bases everywhere so the USA has an interest, surely. permalink award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 14 hours ago Honestly, it's come to a point where the US might have to actually invade your Isles. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago this permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 12 points 20 hours ago And when he’s ousted the next PM will be a Moslem. I guarantee it. permalink award report block reply BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago A hindu is possible. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 14 hours ago Already done with Sunak. Now, it will be a Muslim. permalink parent award report block reply brainphreeze 10 points 21 hours ago The options that would replace him are the equivalent of the likes of Ilhan Omar, Pete Buttigieg, Bernie Sanders and AOC permalink award report block reply Bramage 9 points 21 hours ago FUCK starmer, what a complete piece of SHIT.  His opponents are looking to install a muzzie in his place. permalink award report block reply Ryunnsun 7 points 21 hours ago Nah he shouldn't. Everyone knows already and the people of the UK like us meddling in their politics about as much as we like them meddling in ours. permalink award report block reply Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Thankyou. What will happened in the US started meddling in UK politics is that Starmer will resign and his replacement will run on an anti-foreign interference (anti-Trump) platform and start associating any anti-Labor forces as being foreign backed and funded. They will then invoke British Nationalism with Charles III's backing and Labor polling will recover and Farage and Robinson's hard work over the last few years will be completely undone. Then, the new leader will call a snap election and proceed to win another Majority. You want to know how I predicted all this? Because I am a Canadian and this is Elbows Up. permalink parent award report block reply bigdar 4 points 20 hours ago I’m Also Canadian,  you are absolutely correct, I thought I recognized that blueprint permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 20 hours ago Anti-foreign interference? Your country is Indian. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 3 points 20 hours ago I saw their kids aren't allowed to take ham sandwiches to school. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 5 points 14 hours ago The UK was lobbying for Biden in 2024. Sent a delegation over. UK is the point of origin for the Russia hoax. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago the blue hairs and the politicos were , plenty of us saw through that useless old cunt and its crackhead brood permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 14 hours ago Worse, UK politicians absolutely did meddle in US elections. I think there is a push towards acceleration, at this point. Fuck it, have a Muslim PM, go ultra-Islamist and then go into full Lebanon mode and have the race, religion and class war everyone is keen to have. Nobody wants to fix this at this point. They want war. You really think one of the most powerful navies on the planet can't stop small little boats from showing up on the British Isles?? Cmon now! We know they're accelerating towards war. permalink parent award report block reply ScrewReddit 7 points 21 hours ago "unreliable partner? I doubt Trump's ever viewed him as a partner. permalink award report block reply Grumbledook 6 points 21 hours ago Why blame kier? He's an empty vessel, like all modern politicians. They want you to attack them, in fact, because it redirects flack away from the establishment puppeteers permalink award report block reply turdinthepunch 6 points 21 hours ago what happened now? can't be worse than importing a bunch muslims to rape your native children. permalink award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 10 points 21 hours ago From what I have gathered thus far - The British PM is having a bad day and people are saying his opponents (some from the same party) are trying to get him removed. I guess? permalink parent award report block reply stripperlover 4 points 21 hours ago it seems like every 6 months they have a new PM permalink award report block reply Tele_Plus 3 points 21 hours ago Trump has had opportunities to do this but always seems to go with backhanded or otherwise indirect comments.  Particularly at the joint press conference he had with Starmer recently, just seemed like a missed opportunity to call him out. permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago Once he IDs a total pussy  he keeps them around. Why get rid of a weak enemy? permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 3 points 20 hours ago It's not our fight. Reform is winning in the polls by significant margins. We need to keep focused on our country permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 3 points 20 hours ago I don’t follow politics in 3rd world countries or how their systems of government function. Can you give a brief run down of what is happening and what any of this means in American? permalink award report block reply possibletower 3 points 20 hours ago LMAO. Good. I hope they coup de tat Starmer. What a fucking piece of shit wanker he is. permalink award report block reply SoulSnipper 3 points 14 hours ago I recommend a short period of martial law in Britain while Caribbean, Hindu, Sikh, Islamic, and communist elements are rounded up and deported. Then discussions to create a Christian ethnic alliance with Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic. And possibly Russia. There will be some problems keeping the indian restaurants open, and a shortage of rapists, but I think it's for the best. permalink award report block reply the-new-style 2 points 12 hours ago Starmer is the Moderate of the party! permalink award report block reply Bldg_2019 2 points 21 hours ago Pull US troops from the UK and then bomb all palaces. permalink award report block reply Maskurbator 2 points 18 hours ago Starmer is a fag and the house of lords are also fags that don't let solutions rise to the top. They might be gayer than our US Senate. The Brits need to bumrum their government buildings and take that shit over already. This shit won't stop until they handle this the French way. permalink award report block reply learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago The French were infiltrated by British agents and the country was wrecked. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 19 hours ago Starmer won't help me start another foreign war. This is supposed to make him look bad? permalink award report block reply Couchbeer69 2 points 21 hours ago How many prime ministers have they had now in the last few years? permalink award report block reply Faintlight 2 points 15 hours ago It's going to be a muslim country with nukes and a modern military that they just inherited. permalink award report block reply Smdlegend 2 points 20 hours ago Love to see it. Watch it fucking burn forreal. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 2 points 21 hours ago I hope they pull starmer out of that house and gut him like a fish. I don't care who 'they' is just as long as someone does it. permalink award report block reply Motownmow 2 points 21 hours ago Starmer isn't going anywhere permalink award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 21 hours ago He sure isn't. He's like a coward Hitler hiding in his reichstagführerbünker. permalink parent award report block reply schmolck 1 points 18 hours ago It's kinda funny when Trump is being overly nice to his adversaries. However.... i would also like to see them destroyed. permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago What would that gain Trump? He knows. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 1 points 14 hours ago Why can’t any PM stay in office more than a year? permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago They fucking took New York with Mamdani and they think Trump is going to sit back and take it? permalink award report block reply Xahnel 1 points 19 hours ago the hell happened today? permalink award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 20 hours ago I don't know any of these names. permalink award report block reply PaleFace70 1 points 11 hours ago No matter who it is ....the US gets another McCain. The Uk just gets pansy  assholes every time. permalink award report block reply benjovikenobi 1 points 17 hours ago It's not dissatisfaction, it's controlled demolition to replace the current UK government with Muslims. The current crop of leftists aren't self-destructive enough. permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 1 points 18 hours ago I thought we stopped caring about Britain in 1776 permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago Uh, Teddy Roosevelt and the  Woodrow Wilson happened. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpWin 1 points 20 hours ago This is hard to follow - ELI5? permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 1 points 21 hours ago Caliphate? permalink award report block reply shaaarbucks 1 points 20 hours ago Fuck the UK.   We need to fix this affordable little crisis before we start getting more socialists. permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 1 points 13 hours ago Members of the UK military are now joining the voices for Starmer fatigue.
Maybe they should stage a coup; get rid of queer Starmer and his gang of thieves; then deport all the filth from the UK so that it will look like it did 40 years ago. permalink award report block reply tomthung 1 points 10 hours ago Who was PM while the BBC and others were interfering in our elections? That's a direct act of war and I bet the US is squeezing this asshole tightly. (I hope) permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 19 hours ago He should let JD do it. He has already pissed them off about thier socialist behavior thus year. permalink award report block reply NHMS_observer 1 points 20 hours ago Enemy F'ing territory. permalink award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 15 hours ago Push them over the edge. Suspend all relations, cooperation and contact. Wait 24 hours for their king to fire his govt and come begging. Cut off all trade, intelligence cooperation, participation in nato, etc. Cut it all off. Starmer decided to FA, now he can FO. We don’t need the UK at all. They need us very badly. Fuck’em. permalink award report block reply CmonPeopleGetReal 1 points 20 hours ago Starmer is the biggest cuck politician of this century permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 -1 points 19 hours ago Idc about that caliphate permalink award report block reply
Nachos_and_cheese 108 points 22 hours ago the uk is a shithole. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 38 points 21 hours ago It is up there with downtown Portland. Otherwise a gorgeous place. It was great when my mom was growing up there but things sure changed in the meantime. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 47 points 21 hours ago anywhere moslems infest like cockroaches goes to shit. The thing is that in the uk you are required by law to shut up and worship the goat fuckers, they never get punished under the law. Its a shithole. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 18 points 21 hours ago Time for an ethnic cleansing with tyre irons. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 19 points 21 hours ago something has to happen or our grandkids will be on a dirty mat with their ass in the air permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Sig229 4 points 14 hours ago Keir Starmer is one of the most evil subhuman cunts ever to draw breath on this planet but so are the subhuman cunts trying to topple him within government. They all hate Britain, western civilization in general and ESPECIALLY they hate President Trump. A surgical drone strike to take out the government would not upset true Britons. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp -6 points 20 hours ago More ‘brown guy bad’ boomer talk. Next you’ll tell me Mamdani won’t eat bacon on his Jewish bagel… This shit is retarded. If you have illegals in your communities, do something about it. Otherwise you’ll see it’s a much different issue. Family is being destroyed by a hungry socialist govt model, the admin class is on board.  No default divorces and support for a large portion of our society.    Who does the govt reward?  The agrarian male who doesn’t need assistance or the feminist who has to trade security for convenience? Nothing got ‘back’ since Covid-  just surveillance and cancellations. Laughing at the poor not getting food stamps…more diversions.  There are seniors whose kids bailed on them and rely on shit like that. Nobody wants welfare queens-  except for govt, institutions, fortune500…boomers think dindu run senior homes are proper care for their parents. We have so many issues under our nose but we’re told to give a fuck about Sudan. What about your local city?  Where the jobs are gone?  Constant confusion and attention away from what matters is their goal….nothing will get fixed. You will own nothing. permalink parent award report block reply MandAR15lorian 9 points 19 hours ago Unfortunately I don't think Trump condemning Starmer will do anything but help him. That country is so cucked the TDS there is off the charts. You can't spell cUcK without "UK." permalink parent award report block reply narvster 2 points 11 hours ago An ex-Tory here actually created the Change UK Party... the fucking CUK party.... permalink parent award report block reply spezi 4 points 21 hours ago Starmer is IRL Adam Sutler from V for Vendetta permalink parent award report block reply Hoshi 4 points 18 hours ago The EU likes to put people in charge with a 95% disapproval rating for a reason permalink parent award report block reply Ricky_CIA 3 points 21 hours ago A desert death cultist shithole. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
BeauHD 38 points 21 hours ago It is up there with downtown Portland. Otherwise a gorgeous place. It was great when my mom was growing up there but things sure changed in the meantime. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 47 points 21 hours ago anywhere moslems infest like cockroaches goes to shit. The thing is that in the uk you are required by law to shut up and worship the goat fuckers, they never get punished under the law. Its a shithole. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 18 points 21 hours ago Time for an ethnic cleansing with tyre irons. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 19 points 21 hours ago something has to happen or our grandkids will be on a dirty mat with their ass in the air permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Sig229 4 points 14 hours ago Keir Starmer is one of the most evil subhuman cunts ever to draw breath on this planet but so are the subhuman cunts trying to topple him within government. They all hate Britain, western civilization in general and ESPECIALLY they hate President Trump. A surgical drone strike to take out the government would not upset true Britons. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp -6 points 20 hours ago More ‘brown guy bad’ boomer talk. Next you’ll tell me Mamdani won’t eat bacon on his Jewish bagel… This shit is retarded. If you have illegals in your communities, do something about it. Otherwise you’ll see it’s a much different issue. Family is being destroyed by a hungry socialist govt model, the admin class is on board.  No default divorces and support for a large portion of our society.    Who does the govt reward?  The agrarian male who doesn’t need assistance or the feminist who has to trade security for convenience? Nothing got ‘back’ since Covid-  just surveillance and cancellations. Laughing at the poor not getting food stamps…more diversions.  There are seniors whose kids bailed on them and rely on shit like that. Nobody wants welfare queens-  except for govt, institutions, fortune500…boomers think dindu run senior homes are proper care for their parents. We have so many issues under our nose but we’re told to give a fuck about Sudan. What about your local city?  Where the jobs are gone?  Constant confusion and attention away from what matters is their goal….nothing will get fixed. You will own nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
Nachos_and_cheese 47 points 21 hours ago anywhere moslems infest like cockroaches goes to shit. The thing is that in the uk you are required by law to shut up and worship the goat fuckers, they never get punished under the law. Its a shithole. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 18 points 21 hours ago Time for an ethnic cleansing with tyre irons. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 19 points 21 hours ago something has to happen or our grandkids will be on a dirty mat with their ass in the air permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Sig229 4 points 14 hours ago Keir Starmer is one of the most evil subhuman cunts ever to draw breath on this planet but so are the subhuman cunts trying to topple him within government. They all hate Britain, western civilization in general and ESPECIALLY they hate President Trump. A surgical drone strike to take out the government would not upset true Britons. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp -6 points 20 hours ago More ‘brown guy bad’ boomer talk. Next you’ll tell me Mamdani won’t eat bacon on his Jewish bagel… This shit is retarded. If you have illegals in your communities, do something about it. Otherwise you’ll see it’s a much different issue. Family is being destroyed by a hungry socialist govt model, the admin class is on board.  No default divorces and support for a large portion of our society.    Who does the govt reward?  The agrarian male who doesn’t need assistance or the feminist who has to trade security for convenience? Nothing got ‘back’ since Covid-  just surveillance and cancellations. Laughing at the poor not getting food stamps…more diversions.  There are seniors whose kids bailed on them and rely on shit like that. Nobody wants welfare queens-  except for govt, institutions, fortune500…boomers think dindu run senior homes are proper care for their parents. We have so many issues under our nose but we’re told to give a fuck about Sudan. What about your local city?  Where the jobs are gone?  Constant confusion and attention away from what matters is their goal….nothing will get fixed. You will own nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 18 points 21 hours ago Time for an ethnic cleansing with tyre irons. permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 19 points 21 hours ago something has to happen or our grandkids will be on a dirty mat with their ass in the air permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Sig229 4 points 14 hours ago Keir Starmer is one of the most evil subhuman cunts ever to draw breath on this planet but so are the subhuman cunts trying to topple him within government. They all hate Britain, western civilization in general and ESPECIALLY they hate President Trump. A surgical drone strike to take out the government would not upset true Britons. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Nachos_and_cheese 19 points 21 hours ago something has to happen or our grandkids will be on a dirty mat with their ass in the air permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Sig229 4 points 14 hours ago Keir Starmer is one of the most evil subhuman cunts ever to draw breath on this planet but so are the subhuman cunts trying to topple him within government. They all hate Britain, western civilization in general and ESPECIALLY they hate President Trump. A surgical drone strike to take out the government would not upset true Britons. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MySidesGoUp -6 points 20 hours ago More ‘brown guy bad’ boomer talk. Next you’ll tell me Mamdani won’t eat bacon on his Jewish bagel… This shit is retarded. If you have illegals in your communities, do something about it. Otherwise you’ll see it’s a much different issue. Family is being destroyed by a hungry socialist govt model, the admin class is on board.  No default divorces and support for a large portion of our society.    Who does the govt reward?  The agrarian male who doesn’t need assistance or the feminist who has to trade security for convenience? Nothing got ‘back’ since Covid-  just surveillance and cancellations. Laughing at the poor not getting food stamps…more diversions.  There are seniors whose kids bailed on them and rely on shit like that. Nobody wants welfare queens-  except for govt, institutions, fortune500…boomers think dindu run senior homes are proper care for their parents. We have so many issues under our nose but we’re told to give a fuck about Sudan. What about your local city?  Where the jobs are gone?  Constant confusion and attention away from what matters is their goal….nothing will get fixed. You will own nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
MandAR15lorian 9 points 19 hours ago Unfortunately I don't think Trump condemning Starmer will do anything but help him. That country is so cucked the TDS there is off the charts. You can't spell cUcK without "UK." permalink parent award report block reply narvster 2 points 11 hours ago An ex-Tory here actually created the Change UK Party... the fucking CUK party.... permalink parent award report block reply
narvster 2 points 11 hours ago An ex-Tory here actually created the Change UK Party... the fucking CUK party.... permalink parent award report block reply
spezi 4 points 21 hours ago Starmer is IRL Adam Sutler from V for Vendetta permalink parent award report block reply
Hoshi 4 points 18 hours ago The EU likes to put people in charge with a 95% disapproval rating for a reason permalink parent award report block reply
Ricky_CIA 3 points 21 hours ago A desert death cultist shithole. permalink parent award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 53 points 21 hours ago Ken Starmer is a traitor. permalink award report block reply GA_Logic 28 points 21 hours ago It appears he was groomed to be this way. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 30 points 21 hours ago For those who are unaware, the founder of the Labour Party was named “Keir”. His parents literally named him after the person who founded that cancerous party and thus groomed him to join and run it. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 12 hours ago fabian scum permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 22 points 21 hours ago Yeah he is a total puppet. I swear that man literally doesn’t have thoughts or an internal monologue. His eyes are soulless and empty. permalink parent award report block reply Ozmaga 13 points 21 hours ago He has already stated as much. He doesn't have an internal monologue, doesn't dream and he doesn't have a favourite book, movie or TV show. He is a literal political android man groomed and created to be a politician. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago Being violently raped and abused at an all boys school will do that to a guy. permalink parent award report block reply Gerned 2 points 21 hours ago Muppet permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 8 points 21 hours ago The tribe. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 6 points 21 hours ago We know the globohomo playbook as it is clear as day now. permalink parent award report block reply impera 5 points 17 hours ago https://x.com/WallStreetMav/status/1985855391314464934 Literally around pedophiles his entire life. And people yet still wonder why he is such a terrorist-enabling monster at war with every British child. permalink parent award report block reply FaustyArchaeus 3 points 20 hours ago Savile buggered him good permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 20 hours ago He’s an evil SOB. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 28 points 21 hours ago It appears he was groomed to be this way. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 30 points 21 hours ago For those who are unaware, the founder of the Labour Party was named “Keir”. His parents literally named him after the person who founded that cancerous party and thus groomed him to join and run it. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 12 hours ago fabian scum permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 22 points 21 hours ago Yeah he is a total puppet. I swear that man literally doesn’t have thoughts or an internal monologue. His eyes are soulless and empty. permalink parent award report block reply Ozmaga 13 points 21 hours ago He has already stated as much. He doesn't have an internal monologue, doesn't dream and he doesn't have a favourite book, movie or TV show. He is a literal political android man groomed and created to be a politician. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago Being violently raped and abused at an all boys school will do that to a guy. permalink parent award report block reply Gerned 2 points 21 hours ago Muppet permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 8 points 21 hours ago The tribe. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 6 points 21 hours ago We know the globohomo playbook as it is clear as day now. permalink parent award report block reply impera 5 points 17 hours ago https://x.com/WallStreetMav/status/1985855391314464934 Literally around pedophiles his entire life. And people yet still wonder why he is such a terrorist-enabling monster at war with every British child. permalink parent award report block reply FaustyArchaeus 3 points 20 hours ago Savile buggered him good permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 30 points 21 hours ago For those who are unaware, the founder of the Labour Party was named “Keir”. His parents literally named him after the person who founded that cancerous party and thus groomed him to join and run it. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 12 hours ago fabian scum permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 2 points 12 hours ago fabian scum permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 22 points 21 hours ago Yeah he is a total puppet. I swear that man literally doesn’t have thoughts or an internal monologue. His eyes are soulless and empty. permalink parent award report block reply Ozmaga 13 points 21 hours ago He has already stated as much. He doesn't have an internal monologue, doesn't dream and he doesn't have a favourite book, movie or TV show. He is a literal political android man groomed and created to be a politician. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago Being violently raped and abused at an all boys school will do that to a guy. permalink parent award report block reply Gerned 2 points 21 hours ago Muppet permalink parent award report block reply
Ozmaga 13 points 21 hours ago He has already stated as much. He doesn't have an internal monologue, doesn't dream and he doesn't have a favourite book, movie or TV show. He is a literal political android man groomed and created to be a politician. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago Being violently raped and abused at an all boys school will do that to a guy. permalink parent award report block reply
Gerned 2 points 21 hours ago Muppet permalink parent award report block reply
NZbacon 8 points 21 hours ago The tribe. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 6 points 21 hours ago We know the globohomo playbook as it is clear as day now. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 6 points 21 hours ago We know the globohomo playbook as it is clear as day now. permalink parent award report block reply
impera 5 points 17 hours ago https://x.com/WallStreetMav/status/1985855391314464934 Literally around pedophiles his entire life. And people yet still wonder why he is such a terrorist-enabling monster at war with every British child. permalink parent award report block reply
FaustyArchaeus 3 points 20 hours ago Savile buggered him good permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 1 points 20 hours ago He’s an evil SOB. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 39 points 21 hours ago UK has been Islamified by globohomos. USA must send a stern message. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 10 points 21 hours ago A bioweapon targeting Muslim races? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 11 points 21 hours ago No, worse. Send 100% American bacon.  Loads of it. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 21 hours ago Wouldn't unwashed pork foreskins be more effective? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 2 points 21 hours ago Pork crackings is just as good to send on over the pond to the UK. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefe_And_Justice 3 points 17 hours ago Load up a ton of B-52's, then carpet bomb the living crap out of London with bacon!  Muslims will flee like the little goat rapists they are! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 17 hours ago Siege London with Christmas pork if need be.  Turn the raghead tactics against them.  Have leaflets drop pamphlets of different recipes using bacon for dishes too. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 2 points 14 hours ago All semites permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 10 points 21 hours ago A bioweapon targeting Muslim races? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 11 points 21 hours ago No, worse. Send 100% American bacon.  Loads of it. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 21 hours ago Wouldn't unwashed pork foreskins be more effective? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 2 points 21 hours ago Pork crackings is just as good to send on over the pond to the UK. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefe_And_Justice 3 points 17 hours ago Load up a ton of B-52's, then carpet bomb the living crap out of London with bacon!  Muslims will flee like the little goat rapists they are! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 17 hours ago Siege London with Christmas pork if need be.  Turn the raghead tactics against them.  Have leaflets drop pamphlets of different recipes using bacon for dishes too. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 2 points 14 hours ago All semites permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 11 points 21 hours ago No, worse. Send 100% American bacon.  Loads of it. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 21 hours ago Wouldn't unwashed pork foreskins be more effective? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 2 points 21 hours ago Pork crackings is just as good to send on over the pond to the UK. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefe_And_Justice 3 points 17 hours ago Load up a ton of B-52's, then carpet bomb the living crap out of London with bacon!  Muslims will flee like the little goat rapists they are! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 17 hours ago Siege London with Christmas pork if need be.  Turn the raghead tactics against them.  Have leaflets drop pamphlets of different recipes using bacon for dishes too. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 6 points 21 hours ago Wouldn't unwashed pork foreskins be more effective? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 2 points 21 hours ago Pork crackings is just as good to send on over the pond to the UK. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 2 points 21 hours ago Pork crackings is just as good to send on over the pond to the UK. permalink parent award report block reply
Covfefe_And_Justice 3 points 17 hours ago Load up a ton of B-52's, then carpet bomb the living crap out of London with bacon!  Muslims will flee like the little goat rapists they are! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 17 hours ago Siege London with Christmas pork if need be.  Turn the raghead tactics against them.  Have leaflets drop pamphlets of different recipes using bacon for dishes too. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 1 points 17 hours ago Siege London with Christmas pork if need be.  Turn the raghead tactics against them.  Have leaflets drop pamphlets of different recipes using bacon for dishes too. permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 2 points 14 hours ago All semites permalink parent award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 30 points 21 hours ago Surely a coincidence that it's going on right after the Intel sharing break was announced. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 20 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that the intel sharing break was announced after Trump's lawsuit against the BBC was announced. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that this happened after Sessions has been working on it behind the scenes for so long permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 20 hours ago "Trust Sessions", we had him and Fauci, how many damned Keebler Elves are in this gov't? permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 3 points 20 hours ago Rand Paul has entered the chat... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Build_Back_Bankrupt 20 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that the intel sharing break was announced after Trump's lawsuit against the BBC was announced. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that this happened after Sessions has been working on it behind the scenes for so long permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 20 hours ago "Trust Sessions", we had him and Fauci, how many damned Keebler Elves are in this gov't? permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 3 points 20 hours ago Rand Paul has entered the chat... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 21 hours ago Surely it was a coincidence that this happened after Sessions has been working on it behind the scenes for so long permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 20 hours ago "Trust Sessions", we had him and Fauci, how many damned Keebler Elves are in this gov't? permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 3 points 20 hours ago Rand Paul has entered the chat... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 20 hours ago "Trust Sessions", we had him and Fauci, how many damned Keebler Elves are in this gov't? permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 3 points 20 hours ago Rand Paul has entered the chat... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Agent_Orange 3 points 20 hours ago Rand Paul has entered the chat... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TenchuStealthAss 22 points 21 hours ago "Mahmood". Not gonna fix anything. permalink award report block reply
Cuetardian 20 points 21 hours ago King Charles is a closet muslim along with his friend (and complete muslim sympathizer, Jewish or not,) Keir Starmer. They are a big part of the reason for the horror life in the UK has become. "The Andrew formerly known as Prince" is being sacrificed to take the attention off Charles, who is orders of magnitude worse when it comes to being a pedophile. Look up his best pal Jimmy Savile, just to start with. permalink award report block reply
Scatter-Shot 15 points 21 hours ago Pres. Trump did exactly what you suggested in Canada last December and Trudeau resigned. Instead of ushering in a Conservative Majority and Canada pull its head out of its ass and started building pipelines, undoing all of Trudeau's gun bans, fix immigration, and work with Pres. Trump to get a good trade deal, Liberal replaced Trudeau with Carney and polling recovered and proceed to NOT do anything that fix Canada. If you want a PM Farage and stop British women and girls from being raped, stay out of UK politics. permalink award report block reply tholinz 17 points 20 hours ago I'm not sure Farage has what it takes to clean up the UK either. Short of full scale civil war, I don't see a way back for them. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 17 points 20 hours ago Nobody is voting their way out of this. It's going to come down to who is willing to spill blood. So far, it's the muslims and the left, which is why they are winning. permalink parent award report block reply Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Unlike America's system, Westminster Model of government is designed in a way to prevent insurgent outsiders from taking over a party. It is frankly a miracle that Farage took over Reform and they are polling in majority territory right now. Let's settle with Farage and worry about if he has what it takes or not when he become PM Farage. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 20 hours ago Settle your way straight into obliteration. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago He does not. Unless they remove all muslims and jeets, they're done for. There won't be an anglo-saxon left in 50 years. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 14 hours ago We need a couple bombs dropped on city of london and we could walk away after that. permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 17 points 20 hours ago I'm not sure Farage has what it takes to clean up the UK either. Short of full scale civil war, I don't see a way back for them. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 17 points 20 hours ago Nobody is voting their way out of this. It's going to come down to who is willing to spill blood. So far, it's the muslims and the left, which is why they are winning. permalink parent award report block reply Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Unlike America's system, Westminster Model of government is designed in a way to prevent insurgent outsiders from taking over a party. It is frankly a miracle that Farage took over Reform and they are polling in majority territory right now. Let's settle with Farage and worry about if he has what it takes or not when he become PM Farage. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 20 hours ago Settle your way straight into obliteration. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago He does not. Unless they remove all muslims and jeets, they're done for. There won't be an anglo-saxon left in 50 years. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 17 points 20 hours ago Nobody is voting their way out of this. It's going to come down to who is willing to spill blood. So far, it's the muslims and the left, which is why they are winning. permalink parent award report block reply
Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Unlike America's system, Westminster Model of government is designed in a way to prevent insurgent outsiders from taking over a party. It is frankly a miracle that Farage took over Reform and they are polling in majority territory right now. Let's settle with Farage and worry about if he has what it takes or not when he become PM Farage. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 20 hours ago Settle your way straight into obliteration. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 1 points 20 hours ago Settle your way straight into obliteration. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago He does not. Unless they remove all muslims and jeets, they're done for. There won't be an anglo-saxon left in 50 years. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 14 hours ago We need a couple bombs dropped on city of london and we could walk away after that. permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 13 points 21 hours ago If anyone looking up Wes Streeting thinks he looks a bit weird and homosexual then you’d be correct. Same goes for Keir Stalin. permalink award report block reply Ozmaga 4 points 21 hours ago *Queer Stalin permalink parent award report block reply
Ozmaga 4 points 21 hours ago *Queer Stalin permalink parent award report block reply
VictorThomas451 12 points 20 hours ago Keir Starmer is vicious.  The people who could replace him are an Islamist lawyer (Mahmoud), 3 literal communists and an intellectually challenged, violent Carribean man who wants reparations for everyone who is not white.  It's hell living here now.  This country has nuclear weapons and US bases everywhere so the USA has an interest, surely. permalink award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 14 hours ago Honestly, it's come to a point where the US might have to actually invade your Isles. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago this permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 3 points 14 hours ago Honestly, it's come to a point where the US might have to actually invade your Isles. permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago this permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 12 points 20 hours ago And when he’s ousted the next PM will be a Moslem. I guarantee it. permalink award report block reply BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago A hindu is possible. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 14 hours ago Already done with Sunak. Now, it will be a Muslim. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 4 points 20 hours ago A hindu is possible. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 14 hours ago Already done with Sunak. Now, it will be a Muslim. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 2 points 14 hours ago Already done with Sunak. Now, it will be a Muslim. permalink parent award report block reply
brainphreeze 10 points 21 hours ago The options that would replace him are the equivalent of the likes of Ilhan Omar, Pete Buttigieg, Bernie Sanders and AOC permalink award report block reply
Bramage 9 points 21 hours ago FUCK starmer, what a complete piece of SHIT.  His opponents are looking to install a muzzie in his place. permalink award report block reply
Ryunnsun 7 points 21 hours ago Nah he shouldn't. Everyone knows already and the people of the UK like us meddling in their politics about as much as we like them meddling in ours. permalink award report block reply Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Thankyou. What will happened in the US started meddling in UK politics is that Starmer will resign and his replacement will run on an anti-foreign interference (anti-Trump) platform and start associating any anti-Labor forces as being foreign backed and funded. They will then invoke British Nationalism with Charles III's backing and Labor polling will recover and Farage and Robinson's hard work over the last few years will be completely undone. Then, the new leader will call a snap election and proceed to win another Majority. You want to know how I predicted all this? Because I am a Canadian and this is Elbows Up. permalink parent award report block reply bigdar 4 points 20 hours ago I’m Also Canadian,  you are absolutely correct, I thought I recognized that blueprint permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 20 hours ago Anti-foreign interference? Your country is Indian. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 3 points 20 hours ago I saw their kids aren't allowed to take ham sandwiches to school. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 5 points 14 hours ago The UK was lobbying for Biden in 2024. Sent a delegation over. UK is the point of origin for the Russia hoax. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago the blue hairs and the politicos were , plenty of us saw through that useless old cunt and its crackhead brood permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 14 hours ago Worse, UK politicians absolutely did meddle in US elections. I think there is a push towards acceleration, at this point. Fuck it, have a Muslim PM, go ultra-Islamist and then go into full Lebanon mode and have the race, religion and class war everyone is keen to have. Nobody wants to fix this at this point. They want war. You really think one of the most powerful navies on the planet can't stop small little boats from showing up on the British Isles?? Cmon now! We know they're accelerating towards war. permalink parent award report block reply
Scatter-Shot 5 points 20 hours ago Thankyou. What will happened in the US started meddling in UK politics is that Starmer will resign and his replacement will run on an anti-foreign interference (anti-Trump) platform and start associating any anti-Labor forces as being foreign backed and funded. They will then invoke British Nationalism with Charles III's backing and Labor polling will recover and Farage and Robinson's hard work over the last few years will be completely undone. Then, the new leader will call a snap election and proceed to win another Majority. You want to know how I predicted all this? Because I am a Canadian and this is Elbows Up. permalink parent award report block reply bigdar 4 points 20 hours ago I’m Also Canadian,  you are absolutely correct, I thought I recognized that blueprint permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 20 hours ago Anti-foreign interference? Your country is Indian. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 3 points 20 hours ago I saw their kids aren't allowed to take ham sandwiches to school. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply
bigdar 4 points 20 hours ago I’m Also Canadian,  you are absolutely correct, I thought I recognized that blueprint permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 20 hours ago Anti-foreign interference? Your country is Indian. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 3 points 20 hours ago I saw their kids aren't allowed to take ham sandwiches to school. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 3 points 20 hours ago I saw their kids aren't allowed to take ham sandwiches to school. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 5 points 14 hours ago The UK was lobbying for Biden in 2024. Sent a delegation over. UK is the point of origin for the Russia hoax. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago the blue hairs and the politicos were , plenty of us saw through that useless old cunt and its crackhead brood permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 1 points 12 hours ago the blue hairs and the politicos were , plenty of us saw through that useless old cunt and its crackhead brood permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 1 points 14 hours ago Worse, UK politicians absolutely did meddle in US elections. I think there is a push towards acceleration, at this point. Fuck it, have a Muslim PM, go ultra-Islamist and then go into full Lebanon mode and have the race, religion and class war everyone is keen to have. Nobody wants to fix this at this point. They want war. You really think one of the most powerful navies on the planet can't stop small little boats from showing up on the British Isles?? Cmon now! We know they're accelerating towards war. permalink parent award report block reply
ScrewReddit 7 points 21 hours ago "unreliable partner? I doubt Trump's ever viewed him as a partner. permalink award report block reply
Grumbledook 6 points 21 hours ago Why blame kier? He's an empty vessel, like all modern politicians. They want you to attack them, in fact, because it redirects flack away from the establishment puppeteers permalink award report block reply
turdinthepunch 6 points 21 hours ago what happened now? can't be worse than importing a bunch muslims to rape your native children. permalink award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 10 points 21 hours ago From what I have gathered thus far - The British PM is having a bad day and people are saying his opponents (some from the same party) are trying to get him removed. I guess? permalink parent award report block reply
MixedBlacknWhite 10 points 21 hours ago From what I have gathered thus far - The British PM is having a bad day and people are saying his opponents (some from the same party) are trying to get him removed. I guess? permalink parent award report block reply
stripperlover 4 points 21 hours ago it seems like every 6 months they have a new PM permalink award report block reply
Tele_Plus 3 points 21 hours ago Trump has had opportunities to do this but always seems to go with backhanded or otherwise indirect comments.  Particularly at the joint press conference he had with Starmer recently, just seemed like a missed opportunity to call him out. permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago Once he IDs a total pussy  he keeps them around. Why get rid of a weak enemy? permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago Once he IDs a total pussy  he keeps them around. Why get rid of a weak enemy? permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 3 points 20 hours ago It's not our fight. Reform is winning in the polls by significant margins. We need to keep focused on our country permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 3 points 20 hours ago I don’t follow politics in 3rd world countries or how their systems of government function. Can you give a brief run down of what is happening and what any of this means in American? permalink award report block reply
possibletower 3 points 20 hours ago LMAO. Good. I hope they coup de tat Starmer. What a fucking piece of shit wanker he is. permalink award report block reply
SoulSnipper 3 points 14 hours ago I recommend a short period of martial law in Britain while Caribbean, Hindu, Sikh, Islamic, and communist elements are rounded up and deported. Then discussions to create a Christian ethnic alliance with Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic. And possibly Russia. There will be some problems keeping the indian restaurants open, and a shortage of rapists, but I think it's for the best. permalink award report block reply
the-new-style 2 points 12 hours ago Starmer is the Moderate of the party! permalink award report block reply
Bldg_2019 2 points 21 hours ago Pull US troops from the UK and then bomb all palaces. permalink award report block reply
Maskurbator 2 points 18 hours ago Starmer is a fag and the house of lords are also fags that don't let solutions rise to the top. They might be gayer than our US Senate. The Brits need to bumrum their government buildings and take that shit over already. This shit won't stop until they handle this the French way. permalink award report block reply learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago The French were infiltrated by British agents and the country was wrecked. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 2 points 14 hours ago The French were infiltrated by British agents and the country was wrecked. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 2 points 19 hours ago Starmer won't help me start another foreign war. This is supposed to make him look bad? permalink award report block reply
Couchbeer69 2 points 21 hours ago How many prime ministers have they had now in the last few years? permalink award report block reply
Faintlight 2 points 15 hours ago It's going to be a muslim country with nukes and a modern military that they just inherited. permalink award report block reply
Smdlegend 2 points 20 hours ago Love to see it. Watch it fucking burn forreal. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 2 points 21 hours ago I hope they pull starmer out of that house and gut him like a fish. I don't care who 'they' is just as long as someone does it. permalink award report block reply
Motownmow 2 points 21 hours ago Starmer isn't going anywhere permalink award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 21 hours ago He sure isn't. He's like a coward Hitler hiding in his reichstagführerbünker. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 1 points 21 hours ago He sure isn't. He's like a coward Hitler hiding in his reichstagführerbünker. permalink parent award report block reply
schmolck 1 points 18 hours ago It's kinda funny when Trump is being overly nice to his adversaries. However.... i would also like to see them destroyed. permalink award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago What would that gain Trump? He knows. permalink award report block reply
Megaboom2025 1 points 14 hours ago Why can’t any PM stay in office more than a year? permalink award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago They fucking took New York with Mamdani and they think Trump is going to sit back and take it? permalink award report block reply
Xahnel 1 points 19 hours ago the hell happened today? permalink award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 20 hours ago I don't know any of these names. permalink award report block reply
PaleFace70 1 points 11 hours ago No matter who it is ....the US gets another McCain. The Uk just gets pansy  assholes every time. permalink award report block reply
benjovikenobi 1 points 17 hours ago It's not dissatisfaction, it's controlled demolition to replace the current UK government with Muslims. The current crop of leftists aren't self-destructive enough. permalink award report block reply
For_All_Mankind 1 points 18 hours ago I thought we stopped caring about Britain in 1776 permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago Uh, Teddy Roosevelt and the  Woodrow Wilson happened. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 14 hours ago Uh, Teddy Roosevelt and the  Woodrow Wilson happened. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpWin 1 points 20 hours ago This is hard to follow - ELI5? permalink award report block reply
BartzFFV 1 points 21 hours ago Caliphate? permalink award report block reply
shaaarbucks 1 points 20 hours ago Fuck the UK.   We need to fix this affordable little crisis before we start getting more socialists. permalink award report block reply
Tacitus1963 1 points 13 hours ago Members of the UK military are now joining the voices for Starmer fatigue.
Maybe they should stage a coup; get rid of queer Starmer and his gang of thieves; then deport all the filth from the UK so that it will look like it did 40 years ago. permalink award report block reply
tomthung 1 points 10 hours ago Who was PM while the BBC and others were interfering in our elections? That's a direct act of war and I bet the US is squeezing this asshole tightly. (I hope) permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 19 hours ago He should let JD do it. He has already pissed them off about thier socialist behavior thus year. permalink award report block reply
NHMS_observer 1 points 20 hours ago Enemy F'ing territory. permalink award report block reply
corntortilla 1 points 15 hours ago Push them over the edge. Suspend all relations, cooperation and contact. Wait 24 hours for their king to fire his govt and come begging. Cut off all trade, intelligence cooperation, participation in nato, etc. Cut it all off. Starmer decided to FA, now he can FO. We don’t need the UK at all. They need us very badly. Fuck’em. permalink award report block reply
CmonPeopleGetReal 1 points 20 hours ago Starmer is the biggest cuck politician of this century permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 -1 points 19 hours ago Idc about that caliphate permalink award report block reply