25 University of California, San Diego math department administered a test to 138 students in a remedial math class, and 25% of them got this simple question wrong. posted 3 hours ago by rdvs34283 21 comments award share report block Steve McGuire @sfmcguire79 • 23h The UCSD math department administered a test to 138 students in a remedial math class, and 25% of them got this question wrong: Steve McGuire @sfmcguire79 • 1d NEW: UC San Diego has released a new report documenting a “steep decline in the academic preparedness” of its freshmen. The number of entering students needing remedial math has exploded from 1/100 to 1/8. They’ve had to create a second remedial class covering elementary and
21 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style RedStoneDeepState 4 points 3 hours ago ...that should be stopped at admissions. permalink award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 3 points 3 hours ago All about that money, right?  Get the dumb fucks in the door and start saddling them with all that student loan debt they'll never be able to repay, on account of being a fucking sub 90 IQ retard, no matter how much they're educated. Turning retards into socialist foot-soldiers, one student loan at a time. permalink award report block reply MAGAMight 2 points 3 hours ago Future accountants permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 2 hours ago There should be no "remedial" classes in COLLEGE. College used to be for the top 10% of students. Let's get back to that. MCGA. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 2 points 2 hours ago I had to take "remedial" math in college.  It was basically to fill in the gaps that the public education system and my laziness left.  After that, I had all As in every single mathematics class. permalink award report block reply Moebius 1 points 1 hour ago Fill in the box...like they do on their stolen mail in ballots... permalink award report block reply breadbaker 0 points 3 hours ago That's because the question is stupidly arranged and oddly designed. Standard question would be without an annoying box. 7+2=x+6  Solve for x. Then everyone would have gotten it. permalink award report block reply empiretc 6 points 3 hours ago yep... this is common core stupidest shit ever.  had a difficult time helping the kids because of this, and the teacher did not like the way we were teaching them (the old fashioned way).  they understood it a lot better instead of the common core nonsense. https://mysunshinelearning.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/common-core-math-.jpeg permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Occam's Razor informs me that is fucking dumb as shit. The old way is better. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 4 points 2 hours ago shit man, you should see how they teach division..... https://imgur.com/G7x4EoG https://5thgradecc.weebly.com/uploads/1/5/6/3/15636004/4010067.jpg?409 This shit drove me nuts.  Taught them the old-fashioned way, and the kids aced their tests no problem...  but, the fucking teacher docked them points because they did not show all the "common core" work.... because they didn't do it that way! permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Oh c'mon. That's insanity. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 2 hours ago This is effectively how you'd do it in your head without pen and paper but you need to walk before you run.  Insanity. permalink parent award report block reply MamaLlama2pointOh 1 points 34 minutes ago I LOATHE common core math! permalink parent award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 2 points 3 hours ago It's so damned easy it shouldn't matter. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. And if they can’t figure it out maybe they need remedial reading as well. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 1 points 2 hours ago Everyone? You're not from these parts, are you? permalink parent award report block reply MAGAMight 1 points 3 hours ago They use a crayon to put the answer in the box. permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 0 points 1 hour ago I agree it isn't formatted as a standard equation, but if you have two braincells to rub together and take just a second to look at it, there's no problem here. It just requires a tiny little bit of critical thinking above a simple math problem. So really, it isn't even about the math. It's a test to see if the monkey can put the square peg in the square hole. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 1 points 31 minutes ago It's a test. Kids move through questions to get points not do navel gazing on why a question is posed obtusely. Seems to me more likely that whatever remedial study group put this test together wanted to have some reason to put out a blurb how desperately needed their work is required. Meanwhile hur hur dee dee anti-intellectual 3-brain cell collective likes to show it off to feel good about their miserable lives. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 4 points 3 hours ago ...that should be stopped at admissions. permalink award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs 3 points 3 hours ago All about that money, right?  Get the dumb fucks in the door and start saddling them with all that student loan debt they'll never be able to repay, on account of being a fucking sub 90 IQ retard, no matter how much they're educated. Turning retards into socialist foot-soldiers, one student loan at a time. permalink award report block reply
MAGAMight 2 points 3 hours ago Future accountants permalink award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 2 hours ago There should be no "remedial" classes in COLLEGE. College used to be for the top 10% of students. Let's get back to that. MCGA. permalink award report block reply
Watermelons 2 points 2 hours ago I had to take "remedial" math in college.  It was basically to fill in the gaps that the public education system and my laziness left.  After that, I had all As in every single mathematics class. permalink award report block reply
Moebius 1 points 1 hour ago Fill in the box...like they do on their stolen mail in ballots... permalink award report block reply
breadbaker 0 points 3 hours ago That's because the question is stupidly arranged and oddly designed. Standard question would be without an annoying box. 7+2=x+6  Solve for x. Then everyone would have gotten it. permalink award report block reply empiretc 6 points 3 hours ago yep... this is common core stupidest shit ever.  had a difficult time helping the kids because of this, and the teacher did not like the way we were teaching them (the old fashioned way).  they understood it a lot better instead of the common core nonsense. https://mysunshinelearning.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/common-core-math-.jpeg permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Occam's Razor informs me that is fucking dumb as shit. The old way is better. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 4 points 2 hours ago shit man, you should see how they teach division..... https://imgur.com/G7x4EoG https://5thgradecc.weebly.com/uploads/1/5/6/3/15636004/4010067.jpg?409 This shit drove me nuts.  Taught them the old-fashioned way, and the kids aced their tests no problem...  but, the fucking teacher docked them points because they did not show all the "common core" work.... because they didn't do it that way! permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Oh c'mon. That's insanity. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 2 hours ago This is effectively how you'd do it in your head without pen and paper but you need to walk before you run.  Insanity. permalink parent award report block reply MamaLlama2pointOh 1 points 34 minutes ago I LOATHE common core math! permalink parent award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 2 points 3 hours ago It's so damned easy it shouldn't matter. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. And if they can’t figure it out maybe they need remedial reading as well. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 1 points 2 hours ago Everyone? You're not from these parts, are you? permalink parent award report block reply MAGAMight 1 points 3 hours ago They use a crayon to put the answer in the box. permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 0 points 1 hour ago I agree it isn't formatted as a standard equation, but if you have two braincells to rub together and take just a second to look at it, there's no problem here. It just requires a tiny little bit of critical thinking above a simple math problem. So really, it isn't even about the math. It's a test to see if the monkey can put the square peg in the square hole. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 1 points 31 minutes ago It's a test. Kids move through questions to get points not do navel gazing on why a question is posed obtusely. Seems to me more likely that whatever remedial study group put this test together wanted to have some reason to put out a blurb how desperately needed their work is required. Meanwhile hur hur dee dee anti-intellectual 3-brain cell collective likes to show it off to feel good about their miserable lives. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
empiretc 6 points 3 hours ago yep... this is common core stupidest shit ever.  had a difficult time helping the kids because of this, and the teacher did not like the way we were teaching them (the old fashioned way).  they understood it a lot better instead of the common core nonsense. https://mysunshinelearning.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/common-core-math-.jpeg permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Occam's Razor informs me that is fucking dumb as shit. The old way is better. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 4 points 2 hours ago shit man, you should see how they teach division..... https://imgur.com/G7x4EoG https://5thgradecc.weebly.com/uploads/1/5/6/3/15636004/4010067.jpg?409 This shit drove me nuts.  Taught them the old-fashioned way, and the kids aced their tests no problem...  but, the fucking teacher docked them points because they did not show all the "common core" work.... because they didn't do it that way! permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Oh c'mon. That's insanity. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 2 hours ago This is effectively how you'd do it in your head without pen and paper but you need to walk before you run.  Insanity. permalink parent award report block reply MamaLlama2pointOh 1 points 34 minutes ago I LOATHE common core math! permalink parent award report block reply
SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Occam's Razor informs me that is fucking dumb as shit. The old way is better. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 4 points 2 hours ago shit man, you should see how they teach division..... https://imgur.com/G7x4EoG https://5thgradecc.weebly.com/uploads/1/5/6/3/15636004/4010067.jpg?409 This shit drove me nuts.  Taught them the old-fashioned way, and the kids aced their tests no problem...  but, the fucking teacher docked them points because they did not show all the "common core" work.... because they didn't do it that way! permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Oh c'mon. That's insanity. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 2 hours ago This is effectively how you'd do it in your head without pen and paper but you need to walk before you run.  Insanity. permalink parent award report block reply
empiretc 4 points 2 hours ago shit man, you should see how they teach division..... https://imgur.com/G7x4EoG https://5thgradecc.weebly.com/uploads/1/5/6/3/15636004/4010067.jpg?409 This shit drove me nuts.  Taught them the old-fashioned way, and the kids aced their tests no problem...  but, the fucking teacher docked them points because they did not show all the "common core" work.... because they didn't do it that way! permalink parent award report block reply SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Oh c'mon. That's insanity. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 2 hours ago This is effectively how you'd do it in your head without pen and paper but you need to walk before you run.  Insanity. permalink parent award report block reply
SnowSnake 2 points 2 hours ago Oh c'mon. That's insanity. permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 1 points 2 hours ago This is effectively how you'd do it in your head without pen and paper but you need to walk before you run.  Insanity. permalink parent award report block reply
MamaLlama2pointOh 1 points 34 minutes ago I LOATHE common core math! permalink parent award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs 2 points 3 hours ago It's so damned easy it shouldn't matter. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. And if they can’t figure it out maybe they need remedial reading as well. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. And if they can’t figure it out maybe they need remedial reading as well. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 1 points 2 hours ago Everyone? You're not from these parts, are you? permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAMight 1 points 3 hours ago They use a crayon to put the answer in the box. permalink parent award report block reply
Madnote1984 0 points 1 hour ago I agree it isn't formatted as a standard equation, but if you have two braincells to rub together and take just a second to look at it, there's no problem here. It just requires a tiny little bit of critical thinking above a simple math problem. So really, it isn't even about the math. It's a test to see if the monkey can put the square peg in the square hole. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 1 points 31 minutes ago It's a test. Kids move through questions to get points not do navel gazing on why a question is posed obtusely. Seems to me more likely that whatever remedial study group put this test together wanted to have some reason to put out a blurb how desperately needed their work is required. Meanwhile hur hur dee dee anti-intellectual 3-brain cell collective likes to show it off to feel good about their miserable lives. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker 1 points 31 minutes ago It's a test. Kids move through questions to get points not do navel gazing on why a question is posed obtusely. Seems to me more likely that whatever remedial study group put this test together wanted to have some reason to put out a blurb how desperately needed their work is required. Meanwhile hur hur dee dee anti-intellectual 3-brain cell collective likes to show it off to feel good about their miserable lives. permalink parent award report block reply