1318 I remember like it was yesterday. posted 6 days ago by Crucible 36 comments award share download report block
36 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget heavyD 54 points 6 days ago I still have a John Rocker for president sticker in my shop. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 25 points 6 days ago Met him once at a nightclub in Orlando, based! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 31 points 6 days ago Based permalink award report block reply RedditSucksChinaPoo 24 points 6 days ago I had to look this up to determine who he was and what he was 'ordered' to do.  It is true : https://www.espn.com/mlb/news/2000/0106/273341.html It stemmed from an interview where he sounded like a normal, well rounded, based PDW member ( like ME) : In a story published in the December 27, 1999, issue of Sports Illustrated, Rocker made a number of allegations stemming from his experiences in New York City and answering a question about whether he would ever play for the New York Yankees or the New York Mets: I'd retire first. It's the most hectic, nerve-wracking city. Imagine having to take the 7 Train to the ballpark looking like you're riding through Beirut next to some kid with purple hair, next to some queer with AIDS, right next to some dude who just got out of jail for the fourth time, right next to some 20-year-old mom with four kids. It's depressing... The biggest thing I don't like about New York are the foreigners. You can walk an entire block in Times Square and not hear anybody speaking English. Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Spanish people and everything up there. How the hell did they get in this country? permalink award report block reply Long_time_lurker 24 points 6 days ago NYC didn't forget 9/11, it was replaced.  If one looks at the data based on how long the person has been in NYC, all the Mamdani voters are new arrivals. permalink parent award report block reply duraveritatem 12 points 6 days ago Barry orchestrated this invasion, and still does. It is part of the Muslim take over, like London, Paris and Amsterdam, etc... I remember Barry Wwanted a Mosque to be allowed opened at ground zero. Giuliani I think stopped that. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 9 points 6 days ago I was originally mad at NYC. I pay extra every year to have patriotic plates that say "We Will Never Forget" and my ass is all the way over here on the West Coast... I was wondering how the hell they could  forget? Then I saw the voting figures and that 40% of NYC is foreign-born... New Yorkers didn't forget, they were simply replaced I always say "Demographics are destiny!"... Crazy to see the first big city fall permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised that anywhere on the west coast even has the option of a "We will never forget" plate. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 2 points 5 days ago https://dmv.nv.gov/plate-unitedwestand.htm permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago The left were successful. Hot take. 30 years ago nothing was about "race"; then suddenly the left made EVERYTHING about race because the argument was that races needed special privledges. Fast forward 20 years and now everything is about race for both sides; folks used to care very little about the overwhelming majority of racial issues and were more concerned if the person was an asshole. Now racial identity for better or worse is front and center of the majority of minds. permalink parent award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 21 points 6 days ago #NationalTreasure permalink award report block reply covok48 13 points 6 days ago He and Curt Shilling deserve apologies all around. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 13 points 6 days ago If this or anything else related to it happens again it time for a new government from the ground up. I refuse to go through another covid power grab. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 6 days ago No government is good govt permalink parent award report block reply TravelingSalesman 9 points 6 days ago Good to know he’s still alive and well.  He was handing out red pills back in the 1990s before it was a thing. permalink award report block reply dogcatfud 6 points 6 days ago I remember hearing about John Rocker as a teen in the 1990s. MSM made him infamous by portraying him as a racist xenophobe. I thought his comments were insightful because they were true. permalink parent award report block reply SeeFreeDJ 4 points 6 days ago I was a teenager from metro Atlanta when he made those comments. Had visited NYC recently, and couldn't understand why everyone flipped their air at him. Everything he said was 100% accurate. I was too naive back then to understand that's exactly why he had to be ostracized and silenced. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 8 points 6 days ago Been saying that since forever :p permalink award report block reply wilburh09 7 points 6 days ago Amen! permalink award report block reply Captainlizard 4 points 6 days ago Based survivor player. Got voted out by weak cucked faggots because of the statements. Totally unfair. permalink award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 6 days ago Yet he's got a pic of that poseur, Chaim Witz, vax addict and Trump hater, on his wall. permalink award report block reply TravelingSalesman 2 points 6 days ago Ever notice how the SS in the KISS band logo looks like the nazi SS logo?  As Arsenio used to say, it’s one of those things that make you go hmmmmmmm. permalink parent award report block reply DJT4547 1 points 6 days ago And? Just like me, they're all dance monkeys to me. Don't care about musicians and actors politics. permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 1 points 5 days ago That's the ticket. Keep giving your money to people who hate you and want you dead. Such an intellectual take! I'm sure it will work every bit as well as "faggots for Palestine". permalink parent award report block reply Frenchie619 3 points 6 days ago Ace and Gene in the background.  Nice! permalink award report block reply Ligersrule1 3 points 6 days ago Favorite Brave permalink award report block reply birddogz 3 points 6 days ago Legend permalink award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 6 days ago What happened in London happens to New York City too. The NYLON prophecy is complete. permalink award report block reply TrumpRideorDie74 2 points 6 days ago I remember when all that went down. Even back then I didn't see what the big deal was about what he said that got people riled up. Looking back I can see that it was around this time that the global fags had to quell any such banter as they were beginning their agenda on what we see in full stride today. permalink award report block reply 2025WhatIsTrue 2 points 6 days ago LOL!  LIBs are nitjobs Supreme! permalink award report block reply entERmyMAtrix 2 points 6 days ago Best closer ever! permalink award report block reply Another_rando 2 points 6 days ago Still believe voting it real?  Suckers... permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago Ahead of his time. Brave even. permalink award report block reply breadbaker -4 points 6 days ago NYC metro GDP is greater than Florida's. Get the fuck out of here with third world racist shit. permalink award report block reply ionian -6 points 6 days ago Lol are we doomed for this to get reposted every 3 days now for the rest of the year? permalink award report block reply Kael 4 points 6 days ago If only we could be so lucky permalink parent award report block reply
heavyD 54 points 6 days ago I still have a John Rocker for president sticker in my shop. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 25 points 6 days ago Met him once at a nightclub in Orlando, based! permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 25 points 6 days ago Met him once at a nightclub in Orlando, based! permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 31 points 6 days ago Based permalink award report block reply
RedditSucksChinaPoo 24 points 6 days ago I had to look this up to determine who he was and what he was 'ordered' to do.  It is true : https://www.espn.com/mlb/news/2000/0106/273341.html It stemmed from an interview where he sounded like a normal, well rounded, based PDW member ( like ME) : In a story published in the December 27, 1999, issue of Sports Illustrated, Rocker made a number of allegations stemming from his experiences in New York City and answering a question about whether he would ever play for the New York Yankees or the New York Mets: I'd retire first. It's the most hectic, nerve-wracking city. Imagine having to take the 7 Train to the ballpark looking like you're riding through Beirut next to some kid with purple hair, next to some queer with AIDS, right next to some dude who just got out of jail for the fourth time, right next to some 20-year-old mom with four kids. It's depressing... The biggest thing I don't like about New York are the foreigners. You can walk an entire block in Times Square and not hear anybody speaking English. Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Spanish people and everything up there. How the hell did they get in this country? permalink award report block reply Long_time_lurker 24 points 6 days ago NYC didn't forget 9/11, it was replaced.  If one looks at the data based on how long the person has been in NYC, all the Mamdani voters are new arrivals. permalink parent award report block reply duraveritatem 12 points 6 days ago Barry orchestrated this invasion, and still does. It is part of the Muslim take over, like London, Paris and Amsterdam, etc... I remember Barry Wwanted a Mosque to be allowed opened at ground zero. Giuliani I think stopped that. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 9 points 6 days ago I was originally mad at NYC. I pay extra every year to have patriotic plates that say "We Will Never Forget" and my ass is all the way over here on the West Coast... I was wondering how the hell they could  forget? Then I saw the voting figures and that 40% of NYC is foreign-born... New Yorkers didn't forget, they were simply replaced I always say "Demographics are destiny!"... Crazy to see the first big city fall permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised that anywhere on the west coast even has the option of a "We will never forget" plate. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 2 points 5 days ago https://dmv.nv.gov/plate-unitedwestand.htm permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago The left were successful. Hot take. 30 years ago nothing was about "race"; then suddenly the left made EVERYTHING about race because the argument was that races needed special privledges. Fast forward 20 years and now everything is about race for both sides; folks used to care very little about the overwhelming majority of racial issues and were more concerned if the person was an asshole. Now racial identity for better or worse is front and center of the majority of minds. permalink parent award report block reply
Long_time_lurker 24 points 6 days ago NYC didn't forget 9/11, it was replaced.  If one looks at the data based on how long the person has been in NYC, all the Mamdani voters are new arrivals. permalink parent award report block reply duraveritatem 12 points 6 days ago Barry orchestrated this invasion, and still does. It is part of the Muslim take over, like London, Paris and Amsterdam, etc... I remember Barry Wwanted a Mosque to be allowed opened at ground zero. Giuliani I think stopped that. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 9 points 6 days ago I was originally mad at NYC. I pay extra every year to have patriotic plates that say "We Will Never Forget" and my ass is all the way over here on the West Coast... I was wondering how the hell they could  forget? Then I saw the voting figures and that 40% of NYC is foreign-born... New Yorkers didn't forget, they were simply replaced I always say "Demographics are destiny!"... Crazy to see the first big city fall permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised that anywhere on the west coast even has the option of a "We will never forget" plate. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 2 points 5 days ago https://dmv.nv.gov/plate-unitedwestand.htm permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago The left were successful. Hot take. 30 years ago nothing was about "race"; then suddenly the left made EVERYTHING about race because the argument was that races needed special privledges. Fast forward 20 years and now everything is about race for both sides; folks used to care very little about the overwhelming majority of racial issues and were more concerned if the person was an asshole. Now racial identity for better or worse is front and center of the majority of minds. permalink parent award report block reply
duraveritatem 12 points 6 days ago Barry orchestrated this invasion, and still does. It is part of the Muslim take over, like London, Paris and Amsterdam, etc... I remember Barry Wwanted a Mosque to be allowed opened at ground zero. Giuliani I think stopped that. permalink parent award report block reply
realPhantomFuck 9 points 6 days ago I was originally mad at NYC. I pay extra every year to have patriotic plates that say "We Will Never Forget" and my ass is all the way over here on the West Coast... I was wondering how the hell they could  forget? Then I saw the voting figures and that 40% of NYC is foreign-born... New Yorkers didn't forget, they were simply replaced I always say "Demographics are destiny!"... Crazy to see the first big city fall permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised that anywhere on the west coast even has the option of a "We will never forget" plate. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 2 points 5 days ago https://dmv.nv.gov/plate-unitedwestand.htm permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
fazaman 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised that anywhere on the west coast even has the option of a "We will never forget" plate. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 2 points 5 days ago https://dmv.nv.gov/plate-unitedwestand.htm permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
realPhantomFuck 2 points 5 days ago https://dmv.nv.gov/plate-unitedwestand.htm permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago The left were successful. Hot take. 30 years ago nothing was about "race"; then suddenly the left made EVERYTHING about race because the argument was that races needed special privledges. Fast forward 20 years and now everything is about race for both sides; folks used to care very little about the overwhelming majority of racial issues and were more concerned if the person was an asshole. Now racial identity for better or worse is front and center of the majority of minds. permalink parent award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 21 points 6 days ago #NationalTreasure permalink award report block reply
covok48 13 points 6 days ago He and Curt Shilling deserve apologies all around. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 13 points 6 days ago If this or anything else related to it happens again it time for a new government from the ground up. I refuse to go through another covid power grab. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 6 days ago No government is good govt permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 1 points 6 days ago No government is good govt permalink parent award report block reply
TravelingSalesman 9 points 6 days ago Good to know he’s still alive and well.  He was handing out red pills back in the 1990s before it was a thing. permalink award report block reply dogcatfud 6 points 6 days ago I remember hearing about John Rocker as a teen in the 1990s. MSM made him infamous by portraying him as a racist xenophobe. I thought his comments were insightful because they were true. permalink parent award report block reply SeeFreeDJ 4 points 6 days ago I was a teenager from metro Atlanta when he made those comments. Had visited NYC recently, and couldn't understand why everyone flipped their air at him. Everything he said was 100% accurate. I was too naive back then to understand that's exactly why he had to be ostracized and silenced. permalink parent award report block reply
dogcatfud 6 points 6 days ago I remember hearing about John Rocker as a teen in the 1990s. MSM made him infamous by portraying him as a racist xenophobe. I thought his comments were insightful because they were true. permalink parent award report block reply SeeFreeDJ 4 points 6 days ago I was a teenager from metro Atlanta when he made those comments. Had visited NYC recently, and couldn't understand why everyone flipped their air at him. Everything he said was 100% accurate. I was too naive back then to understand that's exactly why he had to be ostracized and silenced. permalink parent award report block reply
SeeFreeDJ 4 points 6 days ago I was a teenager from metro Atlanta when he made those comments. Had visited NYC recently, and couldn't understand why everyone flipped their air at him. Everything he said was 100% accurate. I was too naive back then to understand that's exactly why he had to be ostracized and silenced. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 8 points 6 days ago Been saying that since forever :p permalink award report block reply
wilburh09 7 points 6 days ago Amen! permalink award report block reply
Captainlizard 4 points 6 days ago Based survivor player. Got voted out by weak cucked faggots because of the statements. Totally unfair. permalink award report block reply
freebirdie 3 points 6 days ago Yet he's got a pic of that poseur, Chaim Witz, vax addict and Trump hater, on his wall. permalink award report block reply TravelingSalesman 2 points 6 days ago Ever notice how the SS in the KISS band logo looks like the nazi SS logo?  As Arsenio used to say, it’s one of those things that make you go hmmmmmmm. permalink parent award report block reply DJT4547 1 points 6 days ago And? Just like me, they're all dance monkeys to me. Don't care about musicians and actors politics. permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 1 points 5 days ago That's the ticket. Keep giving your money to people who hate you and want you dead. Such an intellectual take! I'm sure it will work every bit as well as "faggots for Palestine". permalink parent award report block reply
TravelingSalesman 2 points 6 days ago Ever notice how the SS in the KISS band logo looks like the nazi SS logo?  As Arsenio used to say, it’s one of those things that make you go hmmmmmmm. permalink parent award report block reply
DJT4547 1 points 6 days ago And? Just like me, they're all dance monkeys to me. Don't care about musicians and actors politics. permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 1 points 5 days ago That's the ticket. Keep giving your money to people who hate you and want you dead. Such an intellectual take! I'm sure it will work every bit as well as "faggots for Palestine". permalink parent award report block reply
freebirdie 1 points 5 days ago That's the ticket. Keep giving your money to people who hate you and want you dead. Such an intellectual take! I'm sure it will work every bit as well as "faggots for Palestine". permalink parent award report block reply
Frenchie619 3 points 6 days ago Ace and Gene in the background.  Nice! permalink award report block reply
Ligersrule1 3 points 6 days ago Favorite Brave permalink award report block reply
birddogz 3 points 6 days ago Legend permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 3 points 6 days ago What happened in London happens to New York City too. The NYLON prophecy is complete. permalink award report block reply
TrumpRideorDie74 2 points 6 days ago I remember when all that went down. Even back then I didn't see what the big deal was about what he said that got people riled up. Looking back I can see that it was around this time that the global fags had to quell any such banter as they were beginning their agenda on what we see in full stride today. permalink award report block reply
2025WhatIsTrue 2 points 6 days ago LOL!  LIBs are nitjobs Supreme! permalink award report block reply
entERmyMAtrix 2 points 6 days ago Best closer ever! permalink award report block reply
Another_rando 2 points 6 days ago Still believe voting it real?  Suckers... permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago Ahead of his time. Brave even. permalink award report block reply
breadbaker -4 points 6 days ago NYC metro GDP is greater than Florida's. Get the fuck out of here with third world racist shit. permalink award report block reply
ionian -6 points 6 days ago Lol are we doomed for this to get reposted every 3 days now for the rest of the year? permalink award report block reply Kael 4 points 6 days ago If only we could be so lucky permalink parent award report block reply
Kael 4 points 6 days ago If only we could be so lucky permalink parent award report block reply