29 You can't afford the rent,Dave Chappelle responds to Ben-MIGA's comment,"Billions for me and my first love" but “If you’re a young person and you can’t afford to live here, then maybe you should consider living elsewhere,” posted 7 hours ago by DITTOPatriot 2 comments award share report block
2 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Belleoffreedom 2 points 7 hours ago I notice this clip provides not one bit of information about what Ben Shapiro actually said, and it sure does not include the video. That is, Ben Shapiro is getting the Trump Treatment. I agree that we need to address the needs of our young people, that's why I voted for Trump in the first place, and why I support DOGE, the Abraham Accords, the tariffs, all the negotiations to bring jobs back into the country, and the removal of illegal and fraudulent immigrants. I have strong reason for concern:  one of my kids recently went to work for the same amount my husband did in 1979.  Meanwhile, the average family dwelling in my area is over $400k. But the pearl-clutching over advising young people to find better places to live and thrive that NYC  strikes me as very -- eh, Democrat -- in nature.  Instead of encouraging vigorous young people to take their lives into their own hands, we have talking heads pretending they can't or shouldn't help themselves. Moving for opportunity is a classic American strategy.  When I went looking for work after college, I moved 180 miles away, because that's where the jobs in my field were.  Shortly after I went to work, it seemed like the entire State of Michigan had moved to my city.  It's where the jobs were. And with the housing bust, many of them went elsewhere.  My family is scattered across several non-contiguous States, again because they moved to where they could find good places to live, and opportunity. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot OP 0 points 5 hours ago It clearly reflects his mindset regarding the USA and its citizens, and this isn't the first time he's expressed such opinions. He’s effectively Israeli by choice and not American. Every thought, action, or act of support is aimed at bolstering the ethnostate of Israel. For this country, it seems he believes there can be no culture, no religion, or any protection of its citizens' birthright. He resides in a Jewish compound, creating an ethnostate of like-minded individuals. He goes to great lengths to separate himself from Americans, and at every opportunity, he dilutes the culture of what it means to be American. He remains in the U.S. solely to ply his trade and commerce and to propagate his views. He gladly exploits the U.S. for blood and treasure. In effect, his practices reflect cultural Bolshevism; although rebranded, its tenets remain the same. The video is easily found by googling the subject. I didn’t splice it in because I don't have the software. permalink parent award report block reply
Belleoffreedom 2 points 7 hours ago I notice this clip provides not one bit of information about what Ben Shapiro actually said, and it sure does not include the video. That is, Ben Shapiro is getting the Trump Treatment. I agree that we need to address the needs of our young people, that's why I voted for Trump in the first place, and why I support DOGE, the Abraham Accords, the tariffs, all the negotiations to bring jobs back into the country, and the removal of illegal and fraudulent immigrants. I have strong reason for concern:  one of my kids recently went to work for the same amount my husband did in 1979.  Meanwhile, the average family dwelling in my area is over $400k. But the pearl-clutching over advising young people to find better places to live and thrive that NYC  strikes me as very -- eh, Democrat -- in nature.  Instead of encouraging vigorous young people to take their lives into their own hands, we have talking heads pretending they can't or shouldn't help themselves. Moving for opportunity is a classic American strategy.  When I went looking for work after college, I moved 180 miles away, because that's where the jobs in my field were.  Shortly after I went to work, it seemed like the entire State of Michigan had moved to my city.  It's where the jobs were. And with the housing bust, many of them went elsewhere.  My family is scattered across several non-contiguous States, again because they moved to where they could find good places to live, and opportunity. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot OP 0 points 5 hours ago It clearly reflects his mindset regarding the USA and its citizens, and this isn't the first time he's expressed such opinions. He’s effectively Israeli by choice and not American. Every thought, action, or act of support is aimed at bolstering the ethnostate of Israel. For this country, it seems he believes there can be no culture, no religion, or any protection of its citizens' birthright. He resides in a Jewish compound, creating an ethnostate of like-minded individuals. He goes to great lengths to separate himself from Americans, and at every opportunity, he dilutes the culture of what it means to be American. He remains in the U.S. solely to ply his trade and commerce and to propagate his views. He gladly exploits the U.S. for blood and treasure. In effect, his practices reflect cultural Bolshevism; although rebranded, its tenets remain the same. The video is easily found by googling the subject. I didn’t splice it in because I don't have the software. permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot OP 0 points 5 hours ago It clearly reflects his mindset regarding the USA and its citizens, and this isn't the first time he's expressed such opinions. He’s effectively Israeli by choice and not American. Every thought, action, or act of support is aimed at bolstering the ethnostate of Israel. For this country, it seems he believes there can be no culture, no religion, or any protection of its citizens' birthright. He resides in a Jewish compound, creating an ethnostate of like-minded individuals. He goes to great lengths to separate himself from Americans, and at every opportunity, he dilutes the culture of what it means to be American. He remains in the U.S. solely to ply his trade and commerce and to propagate his views. He gladly exploits the U.S. for blood and treasure. In effect, his practices reflect cultural Bolshevism; although rebranded, its tenets remain the same. The video is easily found by googling the subject. I didn’t splice it in because I don't have the software. permalink parent award report block reply