1391 Immigration without assimilation is invasion.  ~ Charlie Kirk. posted 2 days ago by IronWolve 51 comments award share report block Freyja™ @FreyjaTarte • 3d Immigration without assimilation is invasion.  ~ Charlie Kirk.
51 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Trumpwon306 39 points 2 days ago If a cat is born in a stable, can it assimilate and become a horse? Just asking. permalink award report block reply 0111000001100101 12 points 2 days ago We're not supposed to notice. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago Notice what, that cats and horses are two totally generically separate and incompatible species/races, and how all humans are just one race? … permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 8 points 2 days ago A Muslim, according to their Satanic book has everyone who is not a Muslim as filth and the worst of God's creatures. So when it comes to Islam we are not apart of the same race. They only hide their hatred for you and everything about you for the sake of politeness in a nation they have eyes on conquering for their Satan masquerading as their Allah. Quran 98:6 Indeed, those who disbelieve from the People of the Book and the polytheists will be in the Fire of Hell, to stay there forever. They are the worst of ˹all˺ beings. Quran (Al-Baqarah 2:191) Kill them wherever you come upon them and drive them out of the places from which they have driven you out. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, I agree with you that Islam sucks.  But Stop. Just stop. I don’t care about Muslims or their world view. Their.   World  —-> View. Islam is not a race. Its just an opinion, a shitty one at that, not genetics.   They can believe what they want, but reality doesn’t care. They are humans, genetically compatible with other humans ~~> meaning that they can procreate with other humans and successfully make offspring. A cat cannot make offspring with a horse, hence they’re different races and Not compatible. Islam is not a race, and Muslims do leave Islam and learn to have a better, more *objective, less Islamified view of the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 1 day ago Now do Goyim and the Talmud. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 4 points 1 day ago A German Shepard and a Chihuahua are genetically more similar than Europeans and sub-saharan Africans. Let me ask you this: if you removed all the blacks from Madagascar and put them in Japan and removed all the Japanese from Japan and put them into Madagascar, keeping the same infrastructure in each place--in 100 years which would be a better place to live? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 day ago More than species. Taxonomic families. Family is closest to the Biblical kind we know of. Not species. Not genus. permalink parent award report block reply Ur2sm4rt 4 points 2 days ago Take it up with kash and how slow FBI is moving. permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 7 points 2 days ago Hey, atleast his GF is suing somebody for posting an public image. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 2 points 1 day ago How about I take it up with the guy who can fire him and Bondi in the next twenty seconds? permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 1 points 1 day ago Enoch Powell said something similar. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob -2 points 2 days ago lol yeah, because cats and horses are totally comparable to different ethnicities of humans lmao Next you’re gonna be like “evolution!?  Then how come monkeys still alive!?  I ain’t no monkey!” permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 23 points 2 days ago Assimilation is basically a myth. It can be accomplished by a few individuals, but those are rare exceptions. We need to stop expecting people to assimilate. Most people couldn't even if they wanted to, and most don't even want to or try to. permalink award report block reply ViagraFalls 12 points 2 days ago Some people are culturally incompatible and some people are biologically incompatible. The latter is why black Americans have been here over a century and still can’t assimilate with the exception of a small portion of them. permalink parent award report block reply tralbolh 2 points 1 day ago They were better assimilated 100 years ago than now. Fully assimilated, no, but more so. They were better assimilated 20 years ago than now. What we have now is the result of a century of leftist prodding and propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob -3 points 2 days ago Ehh, it seems like maybe it’s just your country? Blacks all over the world, and they don’t act like American wakanda.  Or nah? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 1 day ago Crime, violence, and poverty follow them everywhere. The only exception is if they’re still living in the jungle at the most primitive level. In those situations they don’t steal, because nobody has anything worth stealing. They don’t kill each other in the tribe, but they might go slaughter the neighboring tribe. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 1 day ago Blacks haven't assimilated here in the UK. Similar crime stats in London to any high population black town or city in the USA. Edit: and why is there an assumption that we want them to assimilate ? I'd rather have other British people living near me than people from other continents. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 8 points 2 days ago I had to point out to few Christians a similar concept.  that there are mass deportations in the Bible.  Several books end with mass deportations of those who are not assimilating. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago "b b but the Bible is made up!1!1!1" -atheihaters permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 7 points 2 days ago correct quote: “… is an invasion” permalink award report block reply kwakkles 5 points 2 days ago I had been hoping someday, in some future decade, there would be President Charlie Kirk. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 2 days ago I didn't know Charlie predicted Zorhan becoming the mayor.  We need to remain focused on deportations and speeding them up. permalink award report block reply 0111000001100101 6 points 2 days ago Something is just off about the whole Charlie Kirk thing. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 2 days ago It is very off.  Charlie seems to have had more protection alive than he has dead.  With a loss of the leader, you expect some chaos and sabotaging but it is very brutal reading some of the live chat on that stream. permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 1 points 1 day ago Every time there is a significant event like that, dozens of disparate interests and splinter groups will try to use the event to show why their particular niche is the correct one. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 1 day ago He started questioning his Jewish donors, gets shot in the neck with no exit wound, we see dudes acting sus while "helping" him, his Jew "best friend" starts tweeting out horse shit, and on and on. No one seems interested in investigating it any further. The one suspect has all but disappeared from the news cycle. Yeah, I don't buy it. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 4 points 2 days ago Small levels of immigration is fine and will assimilate. But you have to bring people who hold similar values to you to help with the assimilation. You cannot assimilate ppl who have a completely different value system to your nation. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 3 points 2 days ago Very, very few people can actually assimilate to a foreign culture. America is a White Christian based culture so assimilation for non-Whites and non-Christians is much harder, to the point that it  rarely happens. permalink parent award report block reply HazelHen 4 points 2 days ago Immigration with assimilation is replacement. permalink award report block reply drmrboy 3 points 2 days ago He probably thought murder without an autopsy would be considered suspicious of a cover-up as well.  🤓 permalink award report block reply monkadelic 1 points 1 day ago Really not being an asshole, but what would that accomplish? I unfortunately watched it live, its burned into my brain.  I have no question as to cause of death. permalink parent award report block reply BasedAI 2 points 1 day ago Prophetic. permalink award report block reply tralbolh 2 points 1 day ago Immigration without permission of the government and of the people is invasion as well. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 1 day ago Some cultures are incapable of doing that. They are like the BORG Collective, they will assimilate you . Best is to keep the out, and eradicate the traitors within who agitate to open the doors for those invaders. permalink award report block reply IlhansBrother 2 points 2 days ago If we surrender our homelands - where will our kids be safe? Other countries are far more racist against whites : https://x.com/lisajanespencer/status/1987813039375348042 permalink award report block reply BigMikesChef 2 points 1 day ago Muslum immigration is always invasion. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 1 day ago ABSOLUTELY!!! permalink award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 1 points 1 day ago the alien invasion IS the replacement population. permalink award report block reply getup 1 points 2 days ago RIP man. permalink award report block reply UltraMagaWA 1 points 1 day ago 100% permalink award report block reply whataboob -2 points 2 days ago Umm, yeah, unless your own government and fellow countrymen import it lol cuz then it’s just America 🇺🇸 permalink award report block reply mohel -2 points 2 days ago No shit, Sherlock. permalink award report block reply
Trumpwon306 39 points 2 days ago If a cat is born in a stable, can it assimilate and become a horse? Just asking. permalink award report block reply 0111000001100101 12 points 2 days ago We're not supposed to notice. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago Notice what, that cats and horses are two totally generically separate and incompatible species/races, and how all humans are just one race? … permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 8 points 2 days ago A Muslim, according to their Satanic book has everyone who is not a Muslim as filth and the worst of God's creatures. So when it comes to Islam we are not apart of the same race. They only hide their hatred for you and everything about you for the sake of politeness in a nation they have eyes on conquering for their Satan masquerading as their Allah. Quran 98:6 Indeed, those who disbelieve from the People of the Book and the polytheists will be in the Fire of Hell, to stay there forever. They are the worst of ˹all˺ beings. Quran (Al-Baqarah 2:191) Kill them wherever you come upon them and drive them out of the places from which they have driven you out. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, I agree with you that Islam sucks.  But Stop. Just stop. I don’t care about Muslims or their world view. Their.   World  —-> View. Islam is not a race. Its just an opinion, a shitty one at that, not genetics.   They can believe what they want, but reality doesn’t care. They are humans, genetically compatible with other humans ~~> meaning that they can procreate with other humans and successfully make offspring. A cat cannot make offspring with a horse, hence they’re different races and Not compatible. Islam is not a race, and Muslims do leave Islam and learn to have a better, more *objective, less Islamified view of the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 1 day ago Now do Goyim and the Talmud. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 4 points 1 day ago A German Shepard and a Chihuahua are genetically more similar than Europeans and sub-saharan Africans. Let me ask you this: if you removed all the blacks from Madagascar and put them in Japan and removed all the Japanese from Japan and put them into Madagascar, keeping the same infrastructure in each place--in 100 years which would be a better place to live? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 day ago More than species. Taxonomic families. Family is closest to the Biblical kind we know of. Not species. Not genus. permalink parent award report block reply Ur2sm4rt 4 points 2 days ago Take it up with kash and how slow FBI is moving. permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 7 points 2 days ago Hey, atleast his GF is suing somebody for posting an public image. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 2 points 1 day ago How about I take it up with the guy who can fire him and Bondi in the next twenty seconds? permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 1 points 1 day ago Enoch Powell said something similar. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob -2 points 2 days ago lol yeah, because cats and horses are totally comparable to different ethnicities of humans lmao Next you’re gonna be like “evolution!?  Then how come monkeys still alive!?  I ain’t no monkey!” permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 12 points 2 days ago We're not supposed to notice. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago Notice what, that cats and horses are two totally generically separate and incompatible species/races, and how all humans are just one race? … permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 8 points 2 days ago A Muslim, according to their Satanic book has everyone who is not a Muslim as filth and the worst of God's creatures. So when it comes to Islam we are not apart of the same race. They only hide their hatred for you and everything about you for the sake of politeness in a nation they have eyes on conquering for their Satan masquerading as their Allah. Quran 98:6 Indeed, those who disbelieve from the People of the Book and the polytheists will be in the Fire of Hell, to stay there forever. They are the worst of ˹all˺ beings. Quran (Al-Baqarah 2:191) Kill them wherever you come upon them and drive them out of the places from which they have driven you out. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, I agree with you that Islam sucks.  But Stop. Just stop. I don’t care about Muslims or their world view. Their.   World  —-> View. Islam is not a race. Its just an opinion, a shitty one at that, not genetics.   They can believe what they want, but reality doesn’t care. They are humans, genetically compatible with other humans ~~> meaning that they can procreate with other humans and successfully make offspring. A cat cannot make offspring with a horse, hence they’re different races and Not compatible. Islam is not a race, and Muslims do leave Islam and learn to have a better, more *objective, less Islamified view of the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 1 day ago Now do Goyim and the Talmud. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 4 points 1 day ago A German Shepard and a Chihuahua are genetically more similar than Europeans and sub-saharan Africans. Let me ask you this: if you removed all the blacks from Madagascar and put them in Japan and removed all the Japanese from Japan and put them into Madagascar, keeping the same infrastructure in each place--in 100 years which would be a better place to live? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 day ago More than species. Taxonomic families. Family is closest to the Biblical kind we know of. Not species. Not genus. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob 1 points 2 days ago Notice what, that cats and horses are two totally generically separate and incompatible species/races, and how all humans are just one race? … permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 8 points 2 days ago A Muslim, according to their Satanic book has everyone who is not a Muslim as filth and the worst of God's creatures. So when it comes to Islam we are not apart of the same race. They only hide their hatred for you and everything about you for the sake of politeness in a nation they have eyes on conquering for their Satan masquerading as their Allah. Quran 98:6 Indeed, those who disbelieve from the People of the Book and the polytheists will be in the Fire of Hell, to stay there forever. They are the worst of ˹all˺ beings. Quran (Al-Baqarah 2:191) Kill them wherever you come upon them and drive them out of the places from which they have driven you out. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, I agree with you that Islam sucks.  But Stop. Just stop. I don’t care about Muslims or their world view. Their.   World  —-> View. Islam is not a race. Its just an opinion, a shitty one at that, not genetics.   They can believe what they want, but reality doesn’t care. They are humans, genetically compatible with other humans ~~> meaning that they can procreate with other humans and successfully make offspring. A cat cannot make offspring with a horse, hence they’re different races and Not compatible. Islam is not a race, and Muslims do leave Islam and learn to have a better, more *objective, less Islamified view of the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 1 day ago Now do Goyim and the Talmud. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 4 points 1 day ago A German Shepard and a Chihuahua are genetically more similar than Europeans and sub-saharan Africans. Let me ask you this: if you removed all the blacks from Madagascar and put them in Japan and removed all the Japanese from Japan and put them into Madagascar, keeping the same infrastructure in each place--in 100 years which would be a better place to live? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 day ago More than species. Taxonomic families. Family is closest to the Biblical kind we know of. Not species. Not genus. permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 8 points 2 days ago A Muslim, according to their Satanic book has everyone who is not a Muslim as filth and the worst of God's creatures. So when it comes to Islam we are not apart of the same race. They only hide their hatred for you and everything about you for the sake of politeness in a nation they have eyes on conquering for their Satan masquerading as their Allah. Quran 98:6 Indeed, those who disbelieve from the People of the Book and the polytheists will be in the Fire of Hell, to stay there forever. They are the worst of ˹all˺ beings. Quran (Al-Baqarah 2:191) Kill them wherever you come upon them and drive them out of the places from which they have driven you out. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, I agree with you that Islam sucks.  But Stop. Just stop. I don’t care about Muslims or their world view. Their.   World  —-> View. Islam is not a race. Its just an opinion, a shitty one at that, not genetics.   They can believe what they want, but reality doesn’t care. They are humans, genetically compatible with other humans ~~> meaning that they can procreate with other humans and successfully make offspring. A cat cannot make offspring with a horse, hence they’re different races and Not compatible. Islam is not a race, and Muslims do leave Islam and learn to have a better, more *objective, less Islamified view of the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 1 day ago Now do Goyim and the Talmud. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, I agree with you that Islam sucks.  But Stop. Just stop. I don’t care about Muslims or their world view. Their.   World  —-> View. Islam is not a race. Its just an opinion, a shitty one at that, not genetics.   They can believe what they want, but reality doesn’t care. They are humans, genetically compatible with other humans ~~> meaning that they can procreate with other humans and successfully make offspring. A cat cannot make offspring with a horse, hence they’re different races and Not compatible. Islam is not a race, and Muslims do leave Islam and learn to have a better, more *objective, less Islamified view of the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Mortal_Wombat 2 points 1 day ago Now do Goyim and the Talmud. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpwon306 4 points 1 day ago A German Shepard and a Chihuahua are genetically more similar than Europeans and sub-saharan Africans. Let me ask you this: if you removed all the blacks from Madagascar and put them in Japan and removed all the Japanese from Japan and put them into Madagascar, keeping the same infrastructure in each place--in 100 years which would be a better place to live? permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 day ago More than species. Taxonomic families. Family is closest to the Biblical kind we know of. Not species. Not genus. permalink parent award report block reply
Ur2sm4rt 4 points 2 days ago Take it up with kash and how slow FBI is moving. permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 7 points 2 days ago Hey, atleast his GF is suing somebody for posting an public image. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 2 points 1 day ago How about I take it up with the guy who can fire him and Bondi in the next twenty seconds? permalink parent award report block reply
CounterStrike 7 points 2 days ago Hey, atleast his GF is suing somebody for posting an public image. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpwon306 2 points 1 day ago How about I take it up with the guy who can fire him and Bondi in the next twenty seconds? permalink parent award report block reply
Tongs_Ya_Bass 1 points 1 day ago Enoch Powell said something similar. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob -2 points 2 days ago lol yeah, because cats and horses are totally comparable to different ethnicities of humans lmao Next you’re gonna be like “evolution!?  Then how come monkeys still alive!?  I ain’t no monkey!” permalink parent award report block reply
VoteThing 23 points 2 days ago Assimilation is basically a myth. It can be accomplished by a few individuals, but those are rare exceptions. We need to stop expecting people to assimilate. Most people couldn't even if they wanted to, and most don't even want to or try to. permalink award report block reply ViagraFalls 12 points 2 days ago Some people are culturally incompatible and some people are biologically incompatible. The latter is why black Americans have been here over a century and still can’t assimilate with the exception of a small portion of them. permalink parent award report block reply tralbolh 2 points 1 day ago They were better assimilated 100 years ago than now. Fully assimilated, no, but more so. They were better assimilated 20 years ago than now. What we have now is the result of a century of leftist prodding and propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob -3 points 2 days ago Ehh, it seems like maybe it’s just your country? Blacks all over the world, and they don’t act like American wakanda.  Or nah? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 1 day ago Crime, violence, and poverty follow them everywhere. The only exception is if they’re still living in the jungle at the most primitive level. In those situations they don’t steal, because nobody has anything worth stealing. They don’t kill each other in the tribe, but they might go slaughter the neighboring tribe. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 1 day ago Blacks haven't assimilated here in the UK. Similar crime stats in London to any high population black town or city in the USA. Edit: and why is there an assumption that we want them to assimilate ? I'd rather have other British people living near me than people from other continents. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 8 points 2 days ago I had to point out to few Christians a similar concept.  that there are mass deportations in the Bible.  Several books end with mass deportations of those who are not assimilating. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago "b b but the Bible is made up!1!1!1" -atheihaters permalink parent award report block reply
ViagraFalls 12 points 2 days ago Some people are culturally incompatible and some people are biologically incompatible. The latter is why black Americans have been here over a century and still can’t assimilate with the exception of a small portion of them. permalink parent award report block reply tralbolh 2 points 1 day ago They were better assimilated 100 years ago than now. Fully assimilated, no, but more so. They were better assimilated 20 years ago than now. What we have now is the result of a century of leftist prodding and propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob -3 points 2 days ago Ehh, it seems like maybe it’s just your country? Blacks all over the world, and they don’t act like American wakanda.  Or nah? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 1 day ago Crime, violence, and poverty follow them everywhere. The only exception is if they’re still living in the jungle at the most primitive level. In those situations they don’t steal, because nobody has anything worth stealing. They don’t kill each other in the tribe, but they might go slaughter the neighboring tribe. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 1 day ago Blacks haven't assimilated here in the UK. Similar crime stats in London to any high population black town or city in the USA. Edit: and why is there an assumption that we want them to assimilate ? I'd rather have other British people living near me than people from other continents. permalink parent award report block reply
tralbolh 2 points 1 day ago They were better assimilated 100 years ago than now. Fully assimilated, no, but more so. They were better assimilated 20 years ago than now. What we have now is the result of a century of leftist prodding and propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob -3 points 2 days ago Ehh, it seems like maybe it’s just your country? Blacks all over the world, and they don’t act like American wakanda.  Or nah? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 1 day ago Crime, violence, and poverty follow them everywhere. The only exception is if they’re still living in the jungle at the most primitive level. In those situations they don’t steal, because nobody has anything worth stealing. They don’t kill each other in the tribe, but they might go slaughter the neighboring tribe. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 1 day ago Blacks haven't assimilated here in the UK. Similar crime stats in London to any high population black town or city in the USA. Edit: and why is there an assumption that we want them to assimilate ? I'd rather have other British people living near me than people from other continents. permalink parent award report block reply
ViagraFalls 5 points 1 day ago Crime, violence, and poverty follow them everywhere. The only exception is if they’re still living in the jungle at the most primitive level. In those situations they don’t steal, because nobody has anything worth stealing. They don’t kill each other in the tribe, but they might go slaughter the neighboring tribe. permalink parent award report block reply
Tongs_Ya_Bass 4 points 1 day ago Blacks haven't assimilated here in the UK. Similar crime stats in London to any high population black town or city in the USA. Edit: and why is there an assumption that we want them to assimilate ? I'd rather have other British people living near me than people from other continents. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 8 points 2 days ago I had to point out to few Christians a similar concept.  that there are mass deportations in the Bible.  Several books end with mass deportations of those who are not assimilating. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago "b b but the Bible is made up!1!1!1" -atheihaters permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago "b b but the Bible is made up!1!1!1" -atheihaters permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 7 points 2 days ago correct quote: “… is an invasion” permalink award report block reply
kwakkles 5 points 2 days ago I had been hoping someday, in some future decade, there would be President Charlie Kirk. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 2 days ago I didn't know Charlie predicted Zorhan becoming the mayor.  We need to remain focused on deportations and speeding them up. permalink award report block reply 0111000001100101 6 points 2 days ago Something is just off about the whole Charlie Kirk thing. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 2 days ago It is very off.  Charlie seems to have had more protection alive than he has dead.  With a loss of the leader, you expect some chaos and sabotaging but it is very brutal reading some of the live chat on that stream. permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 1 points 1 day ago Every time there is a significant event like that, dozens of disparate interests and splinter groups will try to use the event to show why their particular niche is the correct one. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 1 day ago He started questioning his Jewish donors, gets shot in the neck with no exit wound, we see dudes acting sus while "helping" him, his Jew "best friend" starts tweeting out horse shit, and on and on. No one seems interested in investigating it any further. The one suspect has all but disappeared from the news cycle. Yeah, I don't buy it. permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 6 points 2 days ago Something is just off about the whole Charlie Kirk thing. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 2 days ago It is very off.  Charlie seems to have had more protection alive than he has dead.  With a loss of the leader, you expect some chaos and sabotaging but it is very brutal reading some of the live chat on that stream. permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 1 points 1 day ago Every time there is a significant event like that, dozens of disparate interests and splinter groups will try to use the event to show why their particular niche is the correct one. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 1 day ago He started questioning his Jewish donors, gets shot in the neck with no exit wound, we see dudes acting sus while "helping" him, his Jew "best friend" starts tweeting out horse shit, and on and on. No one seems interested in investigating it any further. The one suspect has all but disappeared from the news cycle. Yeah, I don't buy it. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 5 points 2 days ago It is very off.  Charlie seems to have had more protection alive than he has dead.  With a loss of the leader, you expect some chaos and sabotaging but it is very brutal reading some of the live chat on that stream. permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 1 points 1 day ago Every time there is a significant event like that, dozens of disparate interests and splinter groups will try to use the event to show why their particular niche is the correct one. permalink parent award report block reply
MuslimsWorshipSatan 1 points 1 day ago Every time there is a significant event like that, dozens of disparate interests and splinter groups will try to use the event to show why their particular niche is the correct one. permalink parent award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 1 day ago He started questioning his Jewish donors, gets shot in the neck with no exit wound, we see dudes acting sus while "helping" him, his Jew "best friend" starts tweeting out horse shit, and on and on. No one seems interested in investigating it any further. The one suspect has all but disappeared from the news cycle. Yeah, I don't buy it. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 4 points 2 days ago Small levels of immigration is fine and will assimilate. But you have to bring people who hold similar values to you to help with the assimilation. You cannot assimilate ppl who have a completely different value system to your nation. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 3 points 2 days ago Very, very few people can actually assimilate to a foreign culture. America is a White Christian based culture so assimilation for non-Whites and non-Christians is much harder, to the point that it  rarely happens. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 3 points 2 days ago Very, very few people can actually assimilate to a foreign culture. America is a White Christian based culture so assimilation for non-Whites and non-Christians is much harder, to the point that it  rarely happens. permalink parent award report block reply
HazelHen 4 points 2 days ago Immigration with assimilation is replacement. permalink award report block reply
drmrboy 3 points 2 days ago He probably thought murder without an autopsy would be considered suspicious of a cover-up as well.  🤓 permalink award report block reply monkadelic 1 points 1 day ago Really not being an asshole, but what would that accomplish? I unfortunately watched it live, its burned into my brain.  I have no question as to cause of death. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 1 points 1 day ago Really not being an asshole, but what would that accomplish? I unfortunately watched it live, its burned into my brain.  I have no question as to cause of death. permalink parent award report block reply
BasedAI 2 points 1 day ago Prophetic. permalink award report block reply
tralbolh 2 points 1 day ago Immigration without permission of the government and of the people is invasion as well. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 1 day ago Some cultures are incapable of doing that. They are like the BORG Collective, they will assimilate you . Best is to keep the out, and eradicate the traitors within who agitate to open the doors for those invaders. permalink award report block reply
IlhansBrother 2 points 2 days ago If we surrender our homelands - where will our kids be safe? Other countries are far more racist against whites : https://x.com/lisajanespencer/status/1987813039375348042 permalink award report block reply
BigMikesChef 2 points 1 day ago Muslum immigration is always invasion. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 1 points 1 day ago ABSOLUTELY!!! permalink award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 1 points 1 day ago the alien invasion IS the replacement population. permalink award report block reply
getup 1 points 2 days ago RIP man. permalink award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 1 points 1 day ago 100% permalink award report block reply
whataboob -2 points 2 days ago Umm, yeah, unless your own government and fellow countrymen import it lol cuz then it’s just America 🇺🇸 permalink award report block reply
mohel -2 points 2 days ago No shit, Sherlock. permalink award report block reply