1102 Looking at you NYC posted 3 days ago by TheLawofOne- 21 comments award share download report block
21 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Meister_Bockmist 15 points 3 days ago I had to check if it was the Bee, that is the state of politics now... permalink award report block reply Noadhominem 12 points 3 days ago She votes now.  Age checks out. permalink award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 days ago I bring the kids with me when I vote.  Every year the poll workers ask me if the kids will be voting... not in joking way either. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 7 points 3 days ago Buttgig looking creepy as per permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 4 points 3 days ago Only possible look he has. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 3 points 3 days ago Well the girl is perfectly safe around him.  If it were a boy?  Would need to worry big time. permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 6 points 3 days ago They didn't like the idea about "why don't we just print more money to give to poor people?" permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 4 points 3 days ago They still do that. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 3 days ago "Why not both?" [/meme] permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 4 points 3 days ago They keep talking about free college, health care, rent controls, and food security for the poor. We already have all that. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 3 days ago Right. And Mamdani is just another democrat, really. Yeah he’s saying the quiet part out loud because that’s what NYC is now, but he’s just there to scam and enrich himself. permalink parent award report block reply warlord30 3 points 3 days ago LOL BB is so on point. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago ……and more recess, plus free soda machines in the lunchroom. permalink award report block reply WarGreymon77 3 points 3 days ago Funny thing is that they'll never pass UBI ("universal basic income") nationwide because that would be giving money to the poor, and we can't have that.  Citizens aren't allowed free money.  Only illegals. permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 3 points 3 days ago Get her away from Pete! permalink award report block reply Tellman125 3 points 3 days ago Bernie was 6 years old in that picture? permalink award report block reply DomTullipso 3 points 3 days ago Fuck Seth Dillon permalink award report block reply Fakehistory2 3 points 3 days ago Democrats are in a state of arrested development. They might as well be children running for president. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 3 points 3 days ago She was encouraged to run when democrats visited Epstein Island permalink award report block reply birb_never_dies 2 points 3 days ago She is also a girl, is oppressed at school and sexualized by the Jews! permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 2 points 3 days ago At least she is honest. permalink award report block reply
Meister_Bockmist 15 points 3 days ago I had to check if it was the Bee, that is the state of politics now... permalink award report block reply
Noadhominem 12 points 3 days ago She votes now.  Age checks out. permalink award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 days ago I bring the kids with me when I vote.  Every year the poll workers ask me if the kids will be voting... not in joking way either. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 3 points 3 days ago I bring the kids with me when I vote.  Every year the poll workers ask me if the kids will be voting... not in joking way either. permalink parent award report block reply
Bohemyth_2 7 points 3 days ago Buttgig looking creepy as per permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 4 points 3 days ago Only possible look he has. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 3 points 3 days ago Well the girl is perfectly safe around him.  If it were a boy?  Would need to worry big time. permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 4 points 3 days ago Only possible look he has. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 3 points 3 days ago Well the girl is perfectly safe around him.  If it were a boy?  Would need to worry big time. permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 6 points 3 days ago They didn't like the idea about "why don't we just print more money to give to poor people?" permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 4 points 3 days ago They still do that. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 3 days ago "Why not both?" [/meme] permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 4 points 3 days ago They still do that. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 1 points 3 days ago "Why not both?" [/meme] permalink parent award report block reply
footinmouth 4 points 3 days ago They keep talking about free college, health care, rent controls, and food security for the poor. We already have all that. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 3 days ago Right. And Mamdani is just another democrat, really. Yeah he’s saying the quiet part out loud because that’s what NYC is now, but he’s just there to scam and enrich himself. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 3 days ago Right. And Mamdani is just another democrat, really. Yeah he’s saying the quiet part out loud because that’s what NYC is now, but he’s just there to scam and enrich himself. permalink parent award report block reply
warlord30 3 points 3 days ago LOL BB is so on point. permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago ……and more recess, plus free soda machines in the lunchroom. permalink award report block reply
WarGreymon77 3 points 3 days ago Funny thing is that they'll never pass UBI ("universal basic income") nationwide because that would be giving money to the poor, and we can't have that.  Citizens aren't allowed free money.  Only illegals. permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 3 points 3 days ago Get her away from Pete! permalink award report block reply
Tellman125 3 points 3 days ago Bernie was 6 years old in that picture? permalink award report block reply
DomTullipso 3 points 3 days ago Fuck Seth Dillon permalink award report block reply
Fakehistory2 3 points 3 days ago Democrats are in a state of arrested development. They might as well be children running for president. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 3 points 3 days ago She was encouraged to run when democrats visited Epstein Island permalink award report block reply
birb_never_dies 2 points 3 days ago She is also a girl, is oppressed at school and sexualized by the Jews! permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 2 points 3 days ago At least she is honest. permalink award report block reply