125 I PRESSED President Trump on H-1B visas.🚨 posted 20 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 85 comments award share report block Laura Ingraham @IngrahamAngle • 22h 🚨I PRESSED President Trump on H-1B visas.🚨 “If you want to RAISE WAGES for Americans, you can’t flood the country with THOUSANDS of foreign workers.” @POTUS: “You have to bring in talent… You can’t take people off the unemployment line and say, ‘go make missiles.’” The
85 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Ghostphaez 48 points 20 hours ago He will lose the midterms over this and similar issues. GenZ and Millennials are fucking pissed about this shit (and this affects many of us GenXers as well - Baby Boomers are almost all out of the workforce, so they don't care). permalink award report block reply Awakened 16 points 19 hours ago Yeah, he really lost all but the boomers over the last 10 months. It's heart breaking for our movement and country.  Impeachment city is coming. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 13 points 19 hours ago He's taking advice from an old, white woman (Susan Wiles) - which isn't the most clued-in demographic. But it's his legacy to tarnish... I just wish his bad choices weren't also going to destroy the country. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -3 points 18 hours ago You see, the problem lies in the fact people lay blame on those he chooses to surround himself with - yet will not entertain the fact he has never been America first despite his catch phrases and cult following. He said all the right things, yet has done all the wrong things. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply necrosexy 4 points 18 hours ago Impeach? lol, he's a lame duck permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 8 hours ago They'll still impeach him for the sound bites for their campaign commercials. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 5 points 18 hours ago I'm pissed and have no motivation to give a fuck anymore. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 16 hours ago He's not losing midterms due to H-1B's retard. Absolutely no one other than cringe woke right retards like Fed Fuentes cares about this nothingburger of an issue. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 4 points 17 hours ago GenZ is going to be an important voting block from here on out, moron. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Get your garbage snap out of here. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -6 points 18 hours ago Trump has done more to crack down on H-1B abuse than any politician on either side but even if that weren't the case, H-1B makes up a tiny percentage of foreign workers and voting for the Democrats makes zero sense. Not only do the Democrats support H-1B but they support open borders, which means tens of millions of foreign workers flooding every industry. You people are pathetic beyond belief, and I'm glad that nobody is buying your bullshit in the real world. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 3 points 18 hours ago While I might criticize Trump on issues like this, it really is balanced by the fact that, even if he fails on some issues, the alternative was those who are actively trying to destroy the US. Can't even really use unemployment data because they remove those who are looking for work but no longer qualify for unemployment. There aren't many areas of the economy that I could think of where there's a legitimate lack of skilled workers, except maybe some nice areas of expertise where there are only handfuls that have an adequate education on the specifics... in most cases, could take someone with adjacent relevant experience and train them to the specific roles that Trump seems to think the skillset doesn't exist... permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Hasn’t done shit. My office is still all White women and jeets. He just told us White Americans that we were too stupid & lazy to work. Edit: And go home. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply load 15 more comments... GeorgeBailey 32 points 19 hours ago So now he’s for keeping Americans on the unemployment line and bringing in “better” foreign workers? What in the hell is he doing? He doesn’t even sound MAGA anymore. He sounds MAFO - Make American Foreign Owned. permalink award report block reply possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -5 points 16 hours ago This isn't about selling out stormfag. It's about finding talent around the world and bringing in the best talent to America. If millennials and Gen Z can't compete that's their fucking problem. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Go back to your shithole hell. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply GeorgeBailey 1 points 11 hours ago The United States used to be the leader in “talent”. It was once called, “American Exceptionalism”. We could do it all. Not anymore, at least in Trump’s eyes. We are all unexceptional and need to be replaced by those talented geniuses from China and India. This will destroy Trump’s legacy if he doesn’t walk this back. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 26 points 19 hours ago We're cooked. More of the same shit. Back to America Last. permalink award report block reply Immafancyboy 10 points 18 hours ago No matter who you vote for, you just end up with John McCain. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 4 points 18 hours ago John McCain vs. Obama permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 16 points 20 hours ago Make companies give H-1B recipients the same compensation package the CEO gets and they'll all of a sudden find the fucking talent in the United States, I'll tell you that right now! permalink award report block reply xanaxagoras 16 points 19 hours ago Not our guy. 🖕🖕 Fuck you Trump. Deport me you jeet loving faggots. permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -6 points 16 hours ago Fuck you asshole. You are not MAGA. You fucking woke right retard. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 6 points 16 hours ago I am MAGA. Trump is not MAGA, not anymore. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -10 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -12 points 19 hours ago Deport yourself, pedophile. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 14 points 18 hours ago Fuck every Israel first faggot permalink award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 3 points 17 hours ago Is there anything we can do to make Israel's life easier? Is there any portion of America that they don't run? permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -4 points 16 hours ago Fuck you in the asshole Mudslime faggot! Your idol Muhummad got zutted, never forget. permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 2 points 8 hours ago You Israel simps are pathetic. Anyone who doesn't bow down to Israel is a Muslim?  Lol fuck Islam fuck Palestine and fuck Israel! permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 13 points 19 hours ago Bringing in mass H1-Bs is practically taking a person off the unemployment line and telling them to make missiles. You think Punjab and Rajit got their diploams legitimately and know anything about what job they are brought in to do? permalink award report block reply Plutossextape1 7 points 18 hours ago Yeah he's getting impeached as the Republicans will lose massive seats in 26.. I hope letting Israel fuck us in the ass was worth it.. permalink award report block reply RaymondBPanelli 6 points 18 hours ago Aren't H1-B workers not allowed to work on missles in the first place? I remember Musk talking about how that was not allowed even at SpaceX because rockets are too closely related to sensitive war technology. permalink award report block reply QSWO1 5 points 18 hours ago Make the wetbacks build shit before they get deposited in their home country. Wetbacks autocorrects to setbacks. permalink award report block reply militantnationalist6 3 points 18 hours ago Honestly, they’re both right. But let’s take software engineers. Plenty of talented individuals here in the US for this but it’s one of the classic industries where H1B is taken advantage of. Until every US citizen who has a degree in CS gets a job we should deport every fucking Indian here in that field. Period. permalink award report block reply p0nchik 4 points 18 hours ago I want to be a software engineer. How can I do so at 35 with a career, family, and student debt? The economy is broken. School was never that expensive and the govt has made it so, now you can't pivot. That's a tenet of the free market. Reorganize the  labor but you can't reorganize it because the system is fundamentally broken by the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago No, they’re not right. At all. The tech industry was built by Whites, for Whites. This is the same shot we told blue collar workers decades ago. H1Bs are the illegal Mexicans of white-collar work. permalink parent award report block reply DatabaseCentrals 0 points 18 hours ago That's the thing, he is right in what he's saying. If we want to be the best, we need to take the best to teach those to grow in this country. We have lost tech creation to South Korea but he's bringing in billions of dollars of investment to open here. The people here don't have the years of knowledge and experience they already figured out. Take people from there to help develop the infrastructure and future. But that doesnt mean we shouldn't be fine tuning the H1B visa to prevent the abuse for cheaper labor. If you add certain fees to prevent cheap jobs that someone off the unemployment line can do, then you need to instill it to prevent the H1B abuse. But there's also got to be sunsets to these "battery factories". In 3 years when we are training Americans and they understand they should then be able to take over and no additional H1B should be needed. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago We have the talent here. But we are “expensive” and big corporations hate nothing more than paying high wages. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago The betrayal is complete. I am SO DONE with this admin. permalink award report block reply Immafancyboy 2 points 18 hours ago Maybe let’s not have a missile-based economy. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 18 hours ago Now that's just antisemitic right there. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Israel needs them. permalink parent award report block reply p0nchik 2 points 18 hours ago Gotta stop the college con. There's no fluidity. An 18 year old who knows no better, saddles themselves with 59k in student debt for a liberal arts degree. It's not easy to pivot. The subsidies to universities, gi bill, and all of that bullshit has made universities insanely expensive. There is talent. It's just doing the wrong thing permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 1 points 17 hours ago Then maybe stormfags and faggot millennials should learn to work their way up instead of bitching about their problems and projecting their insecurities onto us. Go to college and get educated, don't get those woke underwater basket weaving degrees. Go pursue STEM degrees and get yourself an engineering internship. Not that fucking hard. But instead faggy millennials and zoomers never grew up. They would rather bitch about their problems due to their laziness and blame Trump for their problems. They prefer to watch their gay cartoons from China and masturbate to video games all day long. Maybe if millennials and zoomers weren't so gay they would understand why they're being replaced and why legal immigrants like H-1B's are more MAGA then they are. They deserve to be where they are due to their apathy. permalink award report block reply covok48 0 points 11 hours ago Fuck off jeet. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 7 hours ago The Georgia example.  When this happened a few months back, I swear that he said that we needed to bring people here to teach then they can go home once the workforce is up to speed.  I feel like his opinion may be more nuanced than "let's import everyone and give them citizenship." permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal -24 points 19 hours ago Its a hard pill to swallow, but he's not wrong. Look at what our top universities focus on.  Then compare them to every other country's top universities. What most miss with thia rhetoric is that Trump is trying to weaken other nations while strengthening the United States by importing knowledge. It will take at least 2 generations for American Universities to unfuck themselves. permalink award report block reply Awakened 19 points 19 hours ago This just isn't factual. We've had tens of thousands of tech layoffs this year alone. They could be brought in for these positions. And just like some of them had to train their foreign replacement they could be trained as well. We also have many thousands of Americans graduating from tech schools every year and they're having a hard time finding work now. Trump really has thrown the midterms at this point. We desperately needed them, but he won't get the turn out he needed with this bullshit. Big loses incoming. permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 7 points 19 hours ago You dumb mother f***** gen x is still in the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 9 hours ago Don't recall talking about genx or the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 1 points 5 hours ago Gen x has been screaming about this shit since the early 2000s permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 hours ago Yeah no. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 6 points 18 hours ago Trump is trying to weaken other nations while strengthening the United States This is the most idiotic, brain dead, fucking stupid strategy you could possibly think of. Let’s say it’s true, play it forward. If we brain drain developing nations, they will never develop. We will have an unending flow of infinite Third World immigrants desperate to come to western countries. These people need to stay home and civilize their own nations. The best defense against mass Third World immigration is to enable them to create a country that they don’t all want to leave. They’re simply not enough room here for all of them, and if there were and they all came here, this would be the worst country on earth, quick. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 9 hours ago Your "play it forward" scenario is fucking retarded. Immigrants don't come to America because they aren't developed. Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Your logic is at the level of a 7th grader that just learned about immigration. Nothing related to H1B is preventing countries from developing.  But it could be used to prevent them from having strangleholds on high end manufacturing and technology. Not sure what the Congo is going to do with a Robotics Engineer to help them figure out how to not make their huts out of shit. And India completely wrecks your explanation even further.  They shit in the streets while having a space program. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 1 points 9 hours ago Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Somolia? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 7 hours ago So the reason the Somalis are here is because their top talent left to go to the United States with H1Bs? Or is it because of refugee protected status and other bullshit immigration? I'm thinking probably the latter considering there have been about 10 H1B visas for Somalis over the last 40 years. Unless you're suggesting those 10 visa holders from the 1990s would have reshaped Somalia, ended the Civil wars, stabilized their government, and made the country prosperous? permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Go home Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 10 hours ago Explain how I'm wrong. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 19 hours ago True, and who cares? That statement was incorrect. permalink parent award report block reply
Ghostphaez 48 points 20 hours ago He will lose the midterms over this and similar issues. GenZ and Millennials are fucking pissed about this shit (and this affects many of us GenXers as well - Baby Boomers are almost all out of the workforce, so they don't care). permalink award report block reply Awakened 16 points 19 hours ago Yeah, he really lost all but the boomers over the last 10 months. It's heart breaking for our movement and country.  Impeachment city is coming. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 13 points 19 hours ago He's taking advice from an old, white woman (Susan Wiles) - which isn't the most clued-in demographic. But it's his legacy to tarnish... I just wish his bad choices weren't also going to destroy the country. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -3 points 18 hours ago You see, the problem lies in the fact people lay blame on those he chooses to surround himself with - yet will not entertain the fact he has never been America first despite his catch phrases and cult following. He said all the right things, yet has done all the wrong things. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply necrosexy 4 points 18 hours ago Impeach? lol, he's a lame duck permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 8 hours ago They'll still impeach him for the sound bites for their campaign commercials. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 5 points 18 hours ago I'm pissed and have no motivation to give a fuck anymore. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 16 hours ago He's not losing midterms due to H-1B's retard. Absolutely no one other than cringe woke right retards like Fed Fuentes cares about this nothingburger of an issue. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 4 points 17 hours ago GenZ is going to be an important voting block from here on out, moron. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Get your garbage snap out of here. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -6 points 18 hours ago Trump has done more to crack down on H-1B abuse than any politician on either side but even if that weren't the case, H-1B makes up a tiny percentage of foreign workers and voting for the Democrats makes zero sense. Not only do the Democrats support H-1B but they support open borders, which means tens of millions of foreign workers flooding every industry. You people are pathetic beyond belief, and I'm glad that nobody is buying your bullshit in the real world. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 3 points 18 hours ago While I might criticize Trump on issues like this, it really is balanced by the fact that, even if he fails on some issues, the alternative was those who are actively trying to destroy the US. Can't even really use unemployment data because they remove those who are looking for work but no longer qualify for unemployment. There aren't many areas of the economy that I could think of where there's a legitimate lack of skilled workers, except maybe some nice areas of expertise where there are only handfuls that have an adequate education on the specifics... in most cases, could take someone with adjacent relevant experience and train them to the specific roles that Trump seems to think the skillset doesn't exist... permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Hasn’t done shit. My office is still all White women and jeets. He just told us White Americans that we were too stupid & lazy to work. Edit: And go home. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply load 15 more comments...
Awakened 16 points 19 hours ago Yeah, he really lost all but the boomers over the last 10 months. It's heart breaking for our movement and country.  Impeachment city is coming. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 13 points 19 hours ago He's taking advice from an old, white woman (Susan Wiles) - which isn't the most clued-in demographic. But it's his legacy to tarnish... I just wish his bad choices weren't also going to destroy the country. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -3 points 18 hours ago You see, the problem lies in the fact people lay blame on those he chooses to surround himself with - yet will not entertain the fact he has never been America first despite his catch phrases and cult following. He said all the right things, yet has done all the wrong things. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply necrosexy 4 points 18 hours ago Impeach? lol, he's a lame duck permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 8 hours ago They'll still impeach him for the sound bites for their campaign commercials. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 13 points 19 hours ago He's taking advice from an old, white woman (Susan Wiles) - which isn't the most clued-in demographic. But it's his legacy to tarnish... I just wish his bad choices weren't also going to destroy the country. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -3 points 18 hours ago You see, the problem lies in the fact people lay blame on those he chooses to surround himself with - yet will not entertain the fact he has never been America first despite his catch phrases and cult following. He said all the right things, yet has done all the wrong things. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
ParmesanCartel -3 points 18 hours ago You see, the problem lies in the fact people lay blame on those he chooses to surround himself with - yet will not entertain the fact he has never been America first despite his catch phrases and cult following. He said all the right things, yet has done all the wrong things. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
necrosexy 4 points 18 hours ago Impeach? lol, he's a lame duck permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 8 hours ago They'll still impeach him for the sound bites for their campaign commercials. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 8 hours ago They'll still impeach him for the sound bites for their campaign commercials. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -3 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
Plutossextape1 5 points 18 hours ago I'm pissed and have no motivation to give a fuck anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 16 hours ago He's not losing midterms due to H-1B's retard. Absolutely no one other than cringe woke right retards like Fed Fuentes cares about this nothingburger of an issue. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 4 points 17 hours ago GenZ is going to be an important voting block from here on out, moron. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Get your garbage snap out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
Ghostphaez 4 points 17 hours ago GenZ is going to be an important voting block from here on out, moron. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Get your garbage snap out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage -6 points 18 hours ago Trump has done more to crack down on H-1B abuse than any politician on either side but even if that weren't the case, H-1B makes up a tiny percentage of foreign workers and voting for the Democrats makes zero sense. Not only do the Democrats support H-1B but they support open borders, which means tens of millions of foreign workers flooding every industry. You people are pathetic beyond belief, and I'm glad that nobody is buying your bullshit in the real world. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 3 points 18 hours ago While I might criticize Trump on issues like this, it really is balanced by the fact that, even if he fails on some issues, the alternative was those who are actively trying to destroy the US. Can't even really use unemployment data because they remove those who are looking for work but no longer qualify for unemployment. There aren't many areas of the economy that I could think of where there's a legitimate lack of skilled workers, except maybe some nice areas of expertise where there are only handfuls that have an adequate education on the specifics... in most cases, could take someone with adjacent relevant experience and train them to the specific roles that Trump seems to think the skillset doesn't exist... permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Hasn’t done shit. My office is still all White women and jeets. He just told us White Americans that we were too stupid & lazy to work. Edit: And go home. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 3 points 18 hours ago While I might criticize Trump on issues like this, it really is balanced by the fact that, even if he fails on some issues, the alternative was those who are actively trying to destroy the US. Can't even really use unemployment data because they remove those who are looking for work but no longer qualify for unemployment. There aren't many areas of the economy that I could think of where there's a legitimate lack of skilled workers, except maybe some nice areas of expertise where there are only handfuls that have an adequate education on the specifics... in most cases, could take someone with adjacent relevant experience and train them to the specific roles that Trump seems to think the skillset doesn't exist... permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Hasn’t done shit. My office is still all White women and jeets. He just told us White Americans that we were too stupid & lazy to work. Edit: And go home. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 32 points 19 hours ago So now he’s for keeping Americans on the unemployment line and bringing in “better” foreign workers? What in the hell is he doing? He doesn’t even sound MAGA anymore. He sounds MAFO - Make American Foreign Owned. permalink award report block reply possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -5 points 16 hours ago This isn't about selling out stormfag. It's about finding talent around the world and bringing in the best talent to America. If millennials and Gen Z can't compete that's their fucking problem. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Go back to your shithole hell. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply GeorgeBailey 1 points 11 hours ago The United States used to be the leader in “talent”. It was once called, “American Exceptionalism”. We could do it all. Not anymore, at least in Trump’s eyes. We are all unexceptional and need to be replaced by those talented geniuses from China and India. This will destroy Trump’s legacy if he doesn’t walk this back. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -4 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -5 points 16 hours ago This isn't about selling out stormfag. It's about finding talent around the world and bringing in the best talent to America. If millennials and Gen Z can't compete that's their fucking problem. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Go back to your shithole hell. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply GeorgeBailey 1 points 11 hours ago The United States used to be the leader in “talent”. It was once called, “American Exceptionalism”. We could do it all. Not anymore, at least in Trump’s eyes. We are all unexceptional and need to be replaced by those talented geniuses from China and India. This will destroy Trump’s legacy if he doesn’t walk this back. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Go back to your shithole hell. Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 1 points 11 hours ago The United States used to be the leader in “talent”. It was once called, “American Exceptionalism”. We could do it all. Not anymore, at least in Trump’s eyes. We are all unexceptional and need to be replaced by those talented geniuses from China and India. This will destroy Trump’s legacy if he doesn’t walk this back. permalink parent award report block reply
MoldyLocksNesMonste 26 points 19 hours ago We're cooked. More of the same shit. Back to America Last. permalink award report block reply Immafancyboy 10 points 18 hours ago No matter who you vote for, you just end up with John McCain. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 4 points 18 hours ago John McCain vs. Obama permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
Immafancyboy 10 points 18 hours ago No matter who you vote for, you just end up with John McCain. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 4 points 18 hours ago John McCain vs. Obama permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriotParrot OP 4 points 18 hours ago John McCain vs. Obama permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs 16 points 20 hours ago Make companies give H-1B recipients the same compensation package the CEO gets and they'll all of a sudden find the fucking talent in the United States, I'll tell you that right now! permalink award report block reply
xanaxagoras 16 points 19 hours ago Not our guy. 🖕🖕 Fuck you Trump. Deport me you jeet loving faggots. permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -6 points 16 hours ago Fuck you asshole. You are not MAGA. You fucking woke right retard. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 6 points 16 hours ago I am MAGA. Trump is not MAGA, not anymore. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -10 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -12 points 19 hours ago Deport yourself, pedophile. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -6 points 16 hours ago Fuck you asshole. You are not MAGA. You fucking woke right retard. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 6 points 16 hours ago I am MAGA. Trump is not MAGA, not anymore. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
xanaxagoras 6 points 16 hours ago I am MAGA. Trump is not MAGA, not anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 3 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -10 points 18 hours ago Gen Z never supported him despite the LARPing faggots here in 2024. And Gen Z is begging Trump to do socialism "price controls" for food prices, healthcare costs, and house prices. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage -12 points 19 hours ago Deport yourself, pedophile. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 4 points 11 hours ago Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
Plutossextape1 14 points 18 hours ago Fuck every Israel first faggot permalink award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 3 points 17 hours ago Is there anything we can do to make Israel's life easier? Is there any portion of America that they don't run? permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -4 points 16 hours ago Fuck you in the asshole Mudslime faggot! Your idol Muhummad got zutted, never forget. permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 2 points 8 hours ago You Israel simps are pathetic. Anyone who doesn't bow down to Israel is a Muslim?  Lol fuck Islam fuck Palestine and fuck Israel! permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriotParrot OP 3 points 17 hours ago Is there anything we can do to make Israel's life easier? Is there any portion of America that they don't run? permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -4 points 16 hours ago Fuck you in the asshole Mudslime faggot! Your idol Muhummad got zutted, never forget. permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 2 points 8 hours ago You Israel simps are pathetic. Anyone who doesn't bow down to Israel is a Muslim?  Lol fuck Islam fuck Palestine and fuck Israel! permalink parent award report block reply
Plutossextape1 2 points 8 hours ago You Israel simps are pathetic. Anyone who doesn't bow down to Israel is a Muslim?  Lol fuck Islam fuck Palestine and fuck Israel! permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 13 points 19 hours ago Bringing in mass H1-Bs is practically taking a person off the unemployment line and telling them to make missiles. You think Punjab and Rajit got their diploams legitimately and know anything about what job they are brought in to do? permalink award report block reply
Plutossextape1 7 points 18 hours ago Yeah he's getting impeached as the Republicans will lose massive seats in 26.. I hope letting Israel fuck us in the ass was worth it.. permalink award report block reply
RaymondBPanelli 6 points 18 hours ago Aren't H1-B workers not allowed to work on missles in the first place? I remember Musk talking about how that was not allowed even at SpaceX because rockets are too closely related to sensitive war technology. permalink award report block reply
QSWO1 5 points 18 hours ago Make the wetbacks build shit before they get deposited in their home country. Wetbacks autocorrects to setbacks. permalink award report block reply
militantnationalist6 3 points 18 hours ago Honestly, they’re both right. But let’s take software engineers. Plenty of talented individuals here in the US for this but it’s one of the classic industries where H1B is taken advantage of. Until every US citizen who has a degree in CS gets a job we should deport every fucking Indian here in that field. Period. permalink award report block reply p0nchik 4 points 18 hours ago I want to be a software engineer. How can I do so at 35 with a career, family, and student debt? The economy is broken. School was never that expensive and the govt has made it so, now you can't pivot. That's a tenet of the free market. Reorganize the  labor but you can't reorganize it because the system is fundamentally broken by the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago No, they’re not right. At all. The tech industry was built by Whites, for Whites. This is the same shot we told blue collar workers decades ago. H1Bs are the illegal Mexicans of white-collar work. permalink parent award report block reply DatabaseCentrals 0 points 18 hours ago That's the thing, he is right in what he's saying. If we want to be the best, we need to take the best to teach those to grow in this country. We have lost tech creation to South Korea but he's bringing in billions of dollars of investment to open here. The people here don't have the years of knowledge and experience they already figured out. Take people from there to help develop the infrastructure and future. But that doesnt mean we shouldn't be fine tuning the H1B visa to prevent the abuse for cheaper labor. If you add certain fees to prevent cheap jobs that someone off the unemployment line can do, then you need to instill it to prevent the H1B abuse. But there's also got to be sunsets to these "battery factories". In 3 years when we are training Americans and they understand they should then be able to take over and no additional H1B should be needed. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago We have the talent here. But we are “expensive” and big corporations hate nothing more than paying high wages. permalink parent award report block reply
p0nchik 4 points 18 hours ago I want to be a software engineer. How can I do so at 35 with a career, family, and student debt? The economy is broken. School was never that expensive and the govt has made it so, now you can't pivot. That's a tenet of the free market. Reorganize the  labor but you can't reorganize it because the system is fundamentally broken by the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 11 hours ago No, they’re not right. At all. The tech industry was built by Whites, for Whites. This is the same shot we told blue collar workers decades ago. H1Bs are the illegal Mexicans of white-collar work. permalink parent award report block reply
DatabaseCentrals 0 points 18 hours ago That's the thing, he is right in what he's saying. If we want to be the best, we need to take the best to teach those to grow in this country. We have lost tech creation to South Korea but he's bringing in billions of dollars of investment to open here. The people here don't have the years of knowledge and experience they already figured out. Take people from there to help develop the infrastructure and future. But that doesnt mean we shouldn't be fine tuning the H1B visa to prevent the abuse for cheaper labor. If you add certain fees to prevent cheap jobs that someone off the unemployment line can do, then you need to instill it to prevent the H1B abuse. But there's also got to be sunsets to these "battery factories". In 3 years when we are training Americans and they understand they should then be able to take over and no additional H1B should be needed. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago We have the talent here. But we are “expensive” and big corporations hate nothing more than paying high wages. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 11 hours ago We have the talent here. But we are “expensive” and big corporations hate nothing more than paying high wages. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 3 points 11 hours ago The betrayal is complete. I am SO DONE with this admin. permalink award report block reply
Immafancyboy 2 points 18 hours ago Maybe let’s not have a missile-based economy. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 18 hours ago Now that's just antisemitic right there. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Israel needs them. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 3 points 18 hours ago Now that's just antisemitic right there. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Israel needs them. permalink parent award report block reply
p0nchik 2 points 18 hours ago Gotta stop the college con. There's no fluidity. An 18 year old who knows no better, saddles themselves with 59k in student debt for a liberal arts degree. It's not easy to pivot. The subsidies to universities, gi bill, and all of that bullshit has made universities insanely expensive. There is talent. It's just doing the wrong thing permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 1 points 17 hours ago Then maybe stormfags and faggot millennials should learn to work their way up instead of bitching about their problems and projecting their insecurities onto us. Go to college and get educated, don't get those woke underwater basket weaving degrees. Go pursue STEM degrees and get yourself an engineering internship. Not that fucking hard. But instead faggy millennials and zoomers never grew up. They would rather bitch about their problems due to their laziness and blame Trump for their problems. They prefer to watch their gay cartoons from China and masturbate to video games all day long. Maybe if millennials and zoomers weren't so gay they would understand why they're being replaced and why legal immigrants like H-1B's are more MAGA then they are. They deserve to be where they are due to their apathy. permalink award report block reply covok48 0 points 11 hours ago Fuck off jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 0 points 11 hours ago Fuck off jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 1 points 7 hours ago The Georgia example.  When this happened a few months back, I swear that he said that we needed to bring people here to teach then they can go home once the workforce is up to speed.  I feel like his opinion may be more nuanced than "let's import everyone and give them citizenship." permalink award report block reply
FatigueIsReal -24 points 19 hours ago Its a hard pill to swallow, but he's not wrong. Look at what our top universities focus on.  Then compare them to every other country's top universities. What most miss with thia rhetoric is that Trump is trying to weaken other nations while strengthening the United States by importing knowledge. It will take at least 2 generations for American Universities to unfuck themselves. permalink award report block reply Awakened 19 points 19 hours ago This just isn't factual. We've had tens of thousands of tech layoffs this year alone. They could be brought in for these positions. And just like some of them had to train their foreign replacement they could be trained as well. We also have many thousands of Americans graduating from tech schools every year and they're having a hard time finding work now. Trump really has thrown the midterms at this point. We desperately needed them, but he won't get the turn out he needed with this bullshit. Big loses incoming. permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 7 points 19 hours ago You dumb mother f***** gen x is still in the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 9 hours ago Don't recall talking about genx or the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 1 points 5 hours ago Gen x has been screaming about this shit since the early 2000s permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 hours ago Yeah no. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 6 points 18 hours ago Trump is trying to weaken other nations while strengthening the United States This is the most idiotic, brain dead, fucking stupid strategy you could possibly think of. Let’s say it’s true, play it forward. If we brain drain developing nations, they will never develop. We will have an unending flow of infinite Third World immigrants desperate to come to western countries. These people need to stay home and civilize their own nations. The best defense against mass Third World immigration is to enable them to create a country that they don’t all want to leave. They’re simply not enough room here for all of them, and if there were and they all came here, this would be the worst country on earth, quick. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 9 hours ago Your "play it forward" scenario is fucking retarded. Immigrants don't come to America because they aren't developed. Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Your logic is at the level of a 7th grader that just learned about immigration. Nothing related to H1B is preventing countries from developing.  But it could be used to prevent them from having strangleholds on high end manufacturing and technology. Not sure what the Congo is going to do with a Robotics Engineer to help them figure out how to not make their huts out of shit. And India completely wrecks your explanation even further.  They shit in the streets while having a space program. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 1 points 9 hours ago Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Somolia? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 7 hours ago So the reason the Somalis are here is because their top talent left to go to the United States with H1Bs? Or is it because of refugee protected status and other bullshit immigration? I'm thinking probably the latter considering there have been about 10 H1B visas for Somalis over the last 40 years. Unless you're suggesting those 10 visa holders from the 1990s would have reshaped Somalia, ended the Civil wars, stabilized their government, and made the country prosperous? permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Go home Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 10 hours ago Explain how I'm wrong. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 19 hours ago True, and who cares? That statement was incorrect. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 19 points 19 hours ago This just isn't factual. We've had tens of thousands of tech layoffs this year alone. They could be brought in for these positions. And just like some of them had to train their foreign replacement they could be trained as well. We also have many thousands of Americans graduating from tech schools every year and they're having a hard time finding work now. Trump really has thrown the midterms at this point. We desperately needed them, but he won't get the turn out he needed with this bullshit. Big loses incoming. permalink parent award report block reply
snakeoil 7 points 19 hours ago You dumb mother f***** gen x is still in the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 9 hours ago Don't recall talking about genx or the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 1 points 5 hours ago Gen x has been screaming about this shit since the early 2000s permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 hours ago Yeah no. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 9 hours ago Don't recall talking about genx or the workforce. permalink parent award report block reply snakeoil 1 points 5 hours ago Gen x has been screaming about this shit since the early 2000s permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 hours ago Yeah no. permalink parent award report block reply
snakeoil 1 points 5 hours ago Gen x has been screaming about this shit since the early 2000s permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 hours ago Yeah no. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 hours ago Yeah no. permalink parent award report block reply
xanaxagoras 6 points 18 hours ago Trump is trying to weaken other nations while strengthening the United States This is the most idiotic, brain dead, fucking stupid strategy you could possibly think of. Let’s say it’s true, play it forward. If we brain drain developing nations, they will never develop. We will have an unending flow of infinite Third World immigrants desperate to come to western countries. These people need to stay home and civilize their own nations. The best defense against mass Third World immigration is to enable them to create a country that they don’t all want to leave. They’re simply not enough room here for all of them, and if there were and they all came here, this would be the worst country on earth, quick. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 9 hours ago Your "play it forward" scenario is fucking retarded. Immigrants don't come to America because they aren't developed. Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Your logic is at the level of a 7th grader that just learned about immigration. Nothing related to H1B is preventing countries from developing.  But it could be used to prevent them from having strangleholds on high end manufacturing and technology. Not sure what the Congo is going to do with a Robotics Engineer to help them figure out how to not make their huts out of shit. And India completely wrecks your explanation even further.  They shit in the streets while having a space program. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 1 points 9 hours ago Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Somolia? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 7 hours ago So the reason the Somalis are here is because their top talent left to go to the United States with H1Bs? Or is it because of refugee protected status and other bullshit immigration? I'm thinking probably the latter considering there have been about 10 H1B visas for Somalis over the last 40 years. Unless you're suggesting those 10 visa holders from the 1990s would have reshaped Somalia, ended the Civil wars, stabilized their government, and made the country prosperous? permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 9 hours ago Your "play it forward" scenario is fucking retarded. Immigrants don't come to America because they aren't developed. Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Your logic is at the level of a 7th grader that just learned about immigration. Nothing related to H1B is preventing countries from developing.  But it could be used to prevent them from having strangleholds on high end manufacturing and technology. Not sure what the Congo is going to do with a Robotics Engineer to help them figure out how to not make their huts out of shit. And India completely wrecks your explanation even further.  They shit in the streets while having a space program. permalink parent award report block reply xanaxagoras 1 points 9 hours ago Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Somolia? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 7 hours ago So the reason the Somalis are here is because their top talent left to go to the United States with H1Bs? Or is it because of refugee protected status and other bullshit immigration? I'm thinking probably the latter considering there have been about 10 H1B visas for Somalis over the last 40 years. Unless you're suggesting those 10 visa holders from the 1990s would have reshaped Somalia, ended the Civil wars, stabilized their government, and made the country prosperous? permalink parent award report block reply
xanaxagoras 1 points 9 hours ago Otherwise we'd have thousands upon thousands from the Congo, Madagascar, Indonesia. Somolia? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 7 hours ago So the reason the Somalis are here is because their top talent left to go to the United States with H1Bs? Or is it because of refugee protected status and other bullshit immigration? I'm thinking probably the latter considering there have been about 10 H1B visas for Somalis over the last 40 years. Unless you're suggesting those 10 visa holders from the 1990s would have reshaped Somalia, ended the Civil wars, stabilized their government, and made the country prosperous? permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 7 hours ago So the reason the Somalis are here is because their top talent left to go to the United States with H1Bs? Or is it because of refugee protected status and other bullshit immigration? I'm thinking probably the latter considering there have been about 10 H1B visas for Somalis over the last 40 years. Unless you're suggesting those 10 visa holders from the 1990s would have reshaped Somalia, ended the Civil wars, stabilized their government, and made the country prosperous? permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 11 hours ago Go home Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 10 hours ago Explain how I'm wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 10 hours ago Explain how I'm wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 1 points 19 hours ago True, and who cares? That statement was incorrect. permalink parent award report block reply