114 "BANNON: Now you’ve got Bessent and a whole new crew saying it’s just temp training, specific industries, a couple years. The H1B scam is indentured servitude, competing against Americans for lower wages. We have 12M STEM workers sidelined. That’s a national tragedy. We don’t need foreigners" posted 3 hours ago by bleeje 12 comments award share report block Grace Chong, MBI @gc22gc • 4h BANNON: Now you’ve got Bessent and a whole new crew saying it’s just temp training, specific industries, a couple years. The H1B scam is indentured servitude, competing against Americans for lower wages. We have 12M STEM workers sidelined. That’s a national tragedy. We don’t need
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save GA_Logic 10 points 3 hours ago The quagmire we are seeing is you can not be heavily for H1B and then at the same time allow these foreign student to use the US education system. If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 hours ago It's all about ending the middle class once And for all. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 2 hours ago If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. And if our massively overpriced education system isn't good enough then we all deserve refunds. permalink parent award report block reply GeorgeBailey 8 points 3 hours ago India Prime Minister Modi stated publicly that he wants more India citizens infesting western countries and taking away jobs. Trump knows this. Trump is following Modi’s orders, but why? permalink award report block reply SneakyPete 8 points 3 hours ago Cuz he's running it like a business rather than a country. Not maga, and I feel disrespected for my countrymen. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 1 points 2 hours ago Because then he thinks he can get a sweet trade deal done that will be dropped like a gay man in the Middle East once Trump is out of office permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t care how “short term” it may be I want NONE of it permalink award report block reply Trajano 2 points 2 hours ago We don't need any H-1B visa workers; we have plenty of talent here. permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 21 minutes ago Minimum wage in India is about 9 to 12 USD per day. "Currently, the lowest minimum wage is Rs. 783 per day (for unskilled labourers), The highest minimum wage increased to Rs. 1,035 a day (for highly skilled workers). " $1 US is currently 88.5 Indian Rupee (IR) https://cleartax.in/s/minimum-wages-in-india permalink award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 2 hours ago Don’t forget the chain immigration permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 2 points 2 hours ago There is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program. permalink award report block reply 42rle 2 points 2 hours ago I’ve lost so many jobs and had my pay reduced because of this shit. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 2 points 2 hours ago I hope the GOP gets body slammed in the mid terms and they impeach and arrest trump. permalink award report block reply
GA_Logic 10 points 3 hours ago The quagmire we are seeing is you can not be heavily for H1B and then at the same time allow these foreign student to use the US education system. If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 hours ago It's all about ending the middle class once And for all. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 2 hours ago If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. And if our massively overpriced education system isn't good enough then we all deserve refunds. permalink parent award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 hours ago It's all about ending the middle class once And for all. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 3 points 2 hours ago If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. And if our massively overpriced education system isn't good enough then we all deserve refunds. permalink parent award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 8 points 3 hours ago India Prime Minister Modi stated publicly that he wants more India citizens infesting western countries and taking away jobs. Trump knows this. Trump is following Modi’s orders, but why? permalink award report block reply SneakyPete 8 points 3 hours ago Cuz he's running it like a business rather than a country. Not maga, and I feel disrespected for my countrymen. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 1 points 2 hours ago Because then he thinks he can get a sweet trade deal done that will be dropped like a gay man in the Middle East once Trump is out of office permalink parent award report block reply
SneakyPete 8 points 3 hours ago Cuz he's running it like a business rather than a country. Not maga, and I feel disrespected for my countrymen. permalink parent award report block reply
Cakes4077 1 points 2 hours ago Because then he thinks he can get a sweet trade deal done that will be dropped like a gay man in the Middle East once Trump is out of office permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t care how “short term” it may be I want NONE of it permalink award report block reply
Trajano 2 points 2 hours ago We don't need any H-1B visa workers; we have plenty of talent here. permalink award report block reply
SpellingContable 2 points 21 minutes ago Minimum wage in India is about 9 to 12 USD per day. "Currently, the lowest minimum wage is Rs. 783 per day (for unskilled labourers), The highest minimum wage increased to Rs. 1,035 a day (for highly skilled workers). " $1 US is currently 88.5 Indian Rupee (IR) https://cleartax.in/s/minimum-wages-in-india permalink award report block reply
Cakes4077 2 points 2 hours ago Don’t forget the chain immigration permalink award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 2 points 2 hours ago There is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program. permalink award report block reply
42rle 2 points 2 hours ago I’ve lost so many jobs and had my pay reduced because of this shit. permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 2 points 2 hours ago I hope the GOP gets body slammed in the mid terms and they impeach and arrest trump. permalink award report block reply