701 Democrat Arizona Governor Katie Hobbs is under investigation for Racketeering.

A operator for group homes for foster children gave Katie Hobbs $400,000, in return Katie Hobbs let the company increase rates 65% allowing them to steal millions from taxpayers. posted 3 hours ago by rdvs34283 43 comments award share report block Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 6h Democrat Arizona Governor Katie Hobbs is under investigation for Racketeering A operator for group homes for foster children gave Katie Hobbs $400,000, in return Katie Hobbs let the company increase rates 65% allowing them to steal millions from taxpayers - Sunshine Residential
43 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save HumphreyPlowjogger 31 points 2 hours ago Couldn’t happen to a more deserving politician. permalink award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 16 points 2 hours ago She's a rotten fucking bitch and I hope to see her behind bars. She stole that State from the voters. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 46 minutes ago Wasn’t she the sec of state of the fraudulent 2020 election in Arizona, the first state to be objected to on January 6 before the feds started breaking the windows? permalink parent award report block reply ohwell316 9 points 2 hours ago If anything  happens.  She should  swing from a tree branch permalink parent award report block reply HunterBidensPC 6 points 2 hours ago Whatever cartel she’s attached to we should drop her off at their competitor and let them have her permalink parent award report block reply halcyondream 3 points 58 minutes ago How is this possible? Surely government officials are incapable of committing any kind of fraud? Well at least they don't commit election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply k-doe3 22 points 2 hours ago lock 𝗁̶𝖾̶𝗋̶ .. anybody up permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 14 points 2 hours ago The worst part about corrupt politicians is how cheaply they sell themselves. If you are going to be a traitor, at least get generational wealth out of the deal, like Pelosi. permalink award report block reply leakmouth 9 points 2 hours ago she’s a lot stupider than Pelosi, which is like AOC/Crockett stupid permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 3 points 2 hours ago If President Trump had lost she wouldn't have been exposed so it wouldn't have mattered how dumb she is. Now do an investigation on how she stole her election from Karri Lake. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 5 points 2 hours ago This is what she was allegedly caught for. Imagine the other shenanigans she has been up to. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 3 points 2 hours ago Politicians aren’t known for being smart. They are known for being greedy.  They will take whatever money they can get their hands on permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 2 hours ago Pelosi didn’t directly take payments so it couldn’t be traced to her. Impossible to really prove she acted on a stock tip without someone wearing a wire and selling her out. Pelosi is much smarter than this ho bag. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 11 points 2 hours ago Group home for foster children in a border state = trafficking center permalink award report block reply leakmouth 7 points 2 hours ago she’s as corrupt as they come. The cartels are the ones that stole the election for her. permalink award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 6 points 2 hours ago Only $400k? Cheap whore. permalink award report block reply yodayoda 6 points 2 hours ago "under investigation" 🥱 permalink award report block reply Pener_Parker 5 points 2 hours ago We have to stop with the pins on these posts. There’s no 2 weeks. No one’s getting arrested and perp walked.  Shiff will go free. As will Obama, Clapper, Cheney, Comey, Biden, Clinton, EVERYONE. But let’s pardon Netanyahu in case he gets any scrutiny. permalink award report block reply Krat 4 points 2 hours ago And is not behind bars right now permalink award report block reply InfinitesimalOrange 3 points 2 hours ago Oh man, the bitch who literally cheated to get elected is breaking the law again? I'm not surprised. You know what would surprise me? This fucking cunt going to prison for breaking the law. She should've been in prison the first time she broke the law. I hope they put her in prison before a vigilante blows her head off. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 2 hours ago I know someone who worked for an NGO that checks in on foster homes / foster parents, as well as the biological parents if they're not dead or in jail and if they have any kind of legal proceedings where they're trying to get their kids back.  He was told by his boss (black lady of course) to write his reports on the birth mother in a way that the court would strip her of her rights so the kid could be adopted out, and this was for the reason that the NGO boss lady had someone who offered to 'donate' $250,000 to her NGO if they were moved to the top of the list to adopt, they wanted this specific kid, because it was a baby.  He gave his 2 weeks notice and moved to another job, told his boss she can do what she wants but he wouldn't have any part in it. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 2 hours ago This is a good reason why a foster agency should probably not be the ones observing or reporting on the birth parents. I realize bribes can go across agencies, but it’s harder. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 2 hours ago Imagine my shock. permalink award report block reply surgeriot 2 points 2 hours ago Please throw her ass in jail permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 2 hours ago Bondi will do nothing and the cartels own Arizona. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 2 hours ago I know you guys want her arrested for election rigging, but if we can get her on any other charge then fucking take it. They got Al Capone on tax evasion. permalink award report block reply Rudy_DankMemer 2 points 1 hour ago Katie Hobbs is a Feckless Cunt. permalink award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 2 hours ago Once you sell your soul, and believe the rules don't apply to you, you think you can do whatever you want. This chick blatantly stole an election, why would she think anything would ever happen to her? Every politician we hate, is more than likely just as bad as Hobbs if you take a closer look. Probably the rare few we like too. permalink award report block reply Jota211 2 points 1 hour ago I want to be hopeful, but she’s pretty much been “under investigation” the whole time she’s occupied the governor’s mansion. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 1 hour ago It sounds like this is separate from any allegations of bribes from drug cartels. She needs to be locked up for whatever sticks, because Kari Lake was robbed of multiple elections in Arizona permalink award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 1 points 2 hours ago I noticed https://www.reddit.com/r/phoenix/ didn't mention this at all, but they'll always post something about a Republican senator, and they posted all day about the Charlie Kirk memorial permalink award report block reply PatriotDawg 1 points 1 hour ago Prison will be hard on that bitch. Bet she looks 75 years old within a year of conviction. permalink award report block reply davidw881 1 points 18 minutes ago Hey, don't forget G.Gordon Liddy's son is the prosecutor of Maricopa County, and looked the other way when the election fraud came to his office! permalink award report block reply redneckrevival 1 points 2 hours ago YAWN. permalink award report block reply bigbossman2 1 points 1 hour ago Every year for the last 3 years story makes the news and just quickly gets forgotten and nothing happens. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 1 points 1 hour ago I’m sure something will actually happen to her, in two weeks. permalink award report block reply MAGA-Fett 1 points 52 minutes ago “Investigated” by who? If it isn’t the fbi then it’s worthless. Inspector Generals or utterly worthless. permalink award report block reply maverick202 1 points 1 hour ago Again? permalink award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 1 points 26 minutes ago This was supposed to happen back in 2023.  A conservative GOP state senator exposed this and the leftist Arizona AG said she would investigate (she is buddies with Hobbs).  Crickets since. Is a good thing that something is happening now. permalink award report block reply TrumpLandslide20201 1 points 1 hour ago Cartel Katie didn't win and she is a filthy corrupt piece of SHIT! permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 2 hours ago Don’t we also have rumors she was colluding with drug cartels? permalink award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 1 points 1 hour ago Why the fuck does a foster home operator have $400,000 extra to donate to politics? permalink award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago She's not "under investigation". This is old. And if people who donate to campaigns benefitting from the policies of the person they helped elect is bribery, the our entire system is going to crash tomorrow, with President Trump along with it. Wait till you see our donors and their benefits. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 59 minutes ago Arrest when!? permalink award report block reply 12345SIX 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
HumphreyPlowjogger 31 points 2 hours ago Couldn’t happen to a more deserving politician. permalink award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 16 points 2 hours ago She's a rotten fucking bitch and I hope to see her behind bars. She stole that State from the voters. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 46 minutes ago Wasn’t she the sec of state of the fraudulent 2020 election in Arizona, the first state to be objected to on January 6 before the feds started breaking the windows? permalink parent award report block reply ohwell316 9 points 2 hours ago If anything  happens.  She should  swing from a tree branch permalink parent award report block reply HunterBidensPC 6 points 2 hours ago Whatever cartel she’s attached to we should drop her off at their competitor and let them have her permalink parent award report block reply halcyondream 3 points 58 minutes ago How is this possible? Surely government officials are incapable of committing any kind of fraud? Well at least they don't commit election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 16 points 2 hours ago She's a rotten fucking bitch and I hope to see her behind bars. She stole that State from the voters. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 46 minutes ago Wasn’t she the sec of state of the fraudulent 2020 election in Arizona, the first state to be objected to on January 6 before the feds started breaking the windows? permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 1 points 46 minutes ago Wasn’t she the sec of state of the fraudulent 2020 election in Arizona, the first state to be objected to on January 6 before the feds started breaking the windows? permalink parent award report block reply
ohwell316 9 points 2 hours ago If anything  happens.  She should  swing from a tree branch permalink parent award report block reply HunterBidensPC 6 points 2 hours ago Whatever cartel she’s attached to we should drop her off at their competitor and let them have her permalink parent award report block reply
HunterBidensPC 6 points 2 hours ago Whatever cartel she’s attached to we should drop her off at their competitor and let them have her permalink parent award report block reply
halcyondream 3 points 58 minutes ago How is this possible? Surely government officials are incapable of committing any kind of fraud? Well at least they don't commit election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
k-doe3 22 points 2 hours ago lock 𝗁̶𝖾̶𝗋̶ .. anybody up permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 14 points 2 hours ago The worst part about corrupt politicians is how cheaply they sell themselves. If you are going to be a traitor, at least get generational wealth out of the deal, like Pelosi. permalink award report block reply leakmouth 9 points 2 hours ago she’s a lot stupider than Pelosi, which is like AOC/Crockett stupid permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 3 points 2 hours ago If President Trump had lost she wouldn't have been exposed so it wouldn't have mattered how dumb she is. Now do an investigation on how she stole her election from Karri Lake. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 5 points 2 hours ago This is what she was allegedly caught for. Imagine the other shenanigans she has been up to. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 3 points 2 hours ago Politicians aren’t known for being smart. They are known for being greedy.  They will take whatever money they can get their hands on permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 2 hours ago Pelosi didn’t directly take payments so it couldn’t be traced to her. Impossible to really prove she acted on a stock tip without someone wearing a wire and selling her out. Pelosi is much smarter than this ho bag. permalink parent award report block reply
leakmouth 9 points 2 hours ago she’s a lot stupider than Pelosi, which is like AOC/Crockett stupid permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 3 points 2 hours ago If President Trump had lost she wouldn't have been exposed so it wouldn't have mattered how dumb she is. Now do an investigation on how she stole her election from Karri Lake. permalink parent award report block reply
Modern_Times 3 points 2 hours ago If President Trump had lost she wouldn't have been exposed so it wouldn't have mattered how dumb she is. Now do an investigation on how she stole her election from Karri Lake. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 5 points 2 hours ago This is what she was allegedly caught for. Imagine the other shenanigans she has been up to. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 3 points 2 hours ago Politicians aren’t known for being smart. They are known for being greedy.  They will take whatever money they can get their hands on permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 2 hours ago Pelosi didn’t directly take payments so it couldn’t be traced to her. Impossible to really prove she acted on a stock tip without someone wearing a wire and selling her out. Pelosi is much smarter than this ho bag. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 11 points 2 hours ago Group home for foster children in a border state = trafficking center permalink award report block reply
leakmouth 7 points 2 hours ago she’s as corrupt as they come. The cartels are the ones that stole the election for her. permalink award report block reply
SisterCovfefeToo 6 points 2 hours ago Only $400k? Cheap whore. permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 6 points 2 hours ago "under investigation" 🥱 permalink award report block reply
Pener_Parker 5 points 2 hours ago We have to stop with the pins on these posts. There’s no 2 weeks. No one’s getting arrested and perp walked.  Shiff will go free. As will Obama, Clapper, Cheney, Comey, Biden, Clinton, EVERYONE. But let’s pardon Netanyahu in case he gets any scrutiny. permalink award report block reply
Krat 4 points 2 hours ago And is not behind bars right now permalink award report block reply
InfinitesimalOrange 3 points 2 hours ago Oh man, the bitch who literally cheated to get elected is breaking the law again? I'm not surprised. You know what would surprise me? This fucking cunt going to prison for breaking the law. She should've been in prison the first time she broke the law. I hope they put her in prison before a vigilante blows her head off. permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 3 points 2 hours ago I know someone who worked for an NGO that checks in on foster homes / foster parents, as well as the biological parents if they're not dead or in jail and if they have any kind of legal proceedings where they're trying to get their kids back.  He was told by his boss (black lady of course) to write his reports on the birth mother in a way that the court would strip her of her rights so the kid could be adopted out, and this was for the reason that the NGO boss lady had someone who offered to 'donate' $250,000 to her NGO if they were moved to the top of the list to adopt, they wanted this specific kid, because it was a baby.  He gave his 2 weeks notice and moved to another job, told his boss she can do what she wants but he wouldn't have any part in it. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 2 hours ago This is a good reason why a foster agency should probably not be the ones observing or reporting on the birth parents. I realize bribes can go across agencies, but it’s harder. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 2 points 2 hours ago This is a good reason why a foster agency should probably not be the ones observing or reporting on the birth parents. I realize bribes can go across agencies, but it’s harder. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 2 hours ago Imagine my shock. permalink award report block reply
surgeriot 2 points 2 hours ago Please throw her ass in jail permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 2 hours ago Bondi will do nothing and the cartels own Arizona. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 2 hours ago Bondi will do nothing and the cartels own Arizona. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 2 points 2 hours ago I know you guys want her arrested for election rigging, but if we can get her on any other charge then fucking take it. They got Al Capone on tax evasion. permalink award report block reply
Rudy_DankMemer 2 points 1 hour ago Katie Hobbs is a Feckless Cunt. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 2 points 2 hours ago Once you sell your soul, and believe the rules don't apply to you, you think you can do whatever you want. This chick blatantly stole an election, why would she think anything would ever happen to her? Every politician we hate, is more than likely just as bad as Hobbs if you take a closer look. Probably the rare few we like too. permalink award report block reply
Jota211 2 points 1 hour ago I want to be hopeful, but she’s pretty much been “under investigation” the whole time she’s occupied the governor’s mansion. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 1 hour ago It sounds like this is separate from any allegations of bribes from drug cartels. She needs to be locked up for whatever sticks, because Kari Lake was robbed of multiple elections in Arizona permalink award report block reply
TheMAGAnificent 1 points 2 hours ago I noticed https://www.reddit.com/r/phoenix/ didn't mention this at all, but they'll always post something about a Republican senator, and they posted all day about the Charlie Kirk memorial permalink award report block reply
PatriotDawg 1 points 1 hour ago Prison will be hard on that bitch. Bet she looks 75 years old within a year of conviction. permalink award report block reply
davidw881 1 points 18 minutes ago Hey, don't forget G.Gordon Liddy's son is the prosecutor of Maricopa County, and looked the other way when the election fraud came to his office! permalink award report block reply
redneckrevival 1 points 2 hours ago YAWN. permalink award report block reply
bigbossman2 1 points 1 hour ago Every year for the last 3 years story makes the news and just quickly gets forgotten and nothing happens. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 1 points 1 hour ago I’m sure something will actually happen to her, in two weeks. permalink award report block reply
MAGA-Fett 1 points 52 minutes ago “Investigated” by who? If it isn’t the fbi then it’s worthless. Inspector Generals or utterly worthless. permalink award report block reply
maverick202 1 points 1 hour ago Again? permalink award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 1 points 26 minutes ago This was supposed to happen back in 2023.  A conservative GOP state senator exposed this and the leftist Arizona AG said she would investigate (she is buddies with Hobbs).  Crickets since. Is a good thing that something is happening now. permalink award report block reply
TrumpLandslide20201 1 points 1 hour ago Cartel Katie didn't win and she is a filthy corrupt piece of SHIT! permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 2 hours ago Don’t we also have rumors she was colluding with drug cartels? permalink award report block reply
IlhanOmarsFagBrother 1 points 1 hour ago Why the fuck does a foster home operator have $400,000 extra to donate to politics? permalink award report block reply
Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago She's not "under investigation". This is old. And if people who donate to campaigns benefitting from the policies of the person they helped elect is bribery, the our entire system is going to crash tomorrow, with President Trump along with it. Wait till you see our donors and their benefits. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 59 minutes ago Arrest when!? permalink award report block reply
12345SIX 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply