835 The Democrats will terminate the Filibuster in THE FIRST HOUR, if and when they assume “control” or power. Republicans have what the Democrats want — We should do it, NOW, and have the greatest three years in History! TRUMP  TRUTH posted 6 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 164 comments award share download report block
164 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Hanging_Chad 40 points 6 days ago touché permalink award report block reply Oldman6541E5 17 points 6 days ago He is OUR President! permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside 8 points 6 days ago If Democrats ever get power back they would pack the Supreme Court, make DC and Puerto Rico states, gaining electoral college votes and 4 extra Democrat Senators, they'd enshrine abortion "rights" into the constitution. And that's just on day one. No one wanted John Thune as Senate Majority Leader in the first place, MAGA wanted Rick Scott. permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 2 points 6 days ago Why can’t they end the filibuster and then pass simple 1 page laws requiring 80 senator votes to approve abortion. 90 senators to agree to make dc or Puerto Rico a state. 90 senators to add a Supreme Court justice pass the count of 9?  I mean you’d have to obey the laws and get real consensus to pass those bullshit laws permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 3 points 6 days ago No one Congress can be bound by the ones before it. Pretty basic congressional law, fren. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... The_Yakuza 2 points 6 days ago They already tried to terminate the filibuster, but were missing a few votes from their side. Today's dem party is so in lock step with their radicalism that they will terminate it the next chance they get. But this doesn’t affect constitutional amendments. You will still need 2/3rds of the vote. Never going to happen regardless. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago There are not enough votes to enshrine the right to an abortion  in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 1 points 6 days ago Exactly! That's why we need to do this. permalink parent award report block reply lash 2 points 6 days ago Master of harsh tweets and no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 6 points 6 days ago Bondi needs to fucking go, but he is too weak to do it. permalink parent award report block reply braveheartonsol 3 points 6 days ago America is on the brink of total collapse and we're just going to say oh he has total control to fire her at any moment but it's too hard? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... lash 0 points 6 days ago If this was the apprentice, he would have fired himself. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hoshi 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to hire people who don't peddle their own financial interests before the countries best interest permalink parent award report block reply Sea_Still 33 points 6 days ago Retardicans need to grow some balls and do it permalink award report block reply OpusX 10 points 6 days ago My biggest concern is that if Republicans do actually manage to get rid of the fillibuster, they'll squander the opportunity like always, basically gift-wrapping the Senate for Democrats the next time they take the majority. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 5 points 6 days ago This, exactly. The sad reality is that you and I are probably stauncher preservationists of the filibuster than anyone in the Republican Senate, it's just their convenient excuse for running the clock on the second Trump term and his agenda.  If they ditch it they will find the next excuse, most commonly ceding the power of the majority to the fucking parliamentarian. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago That is my real fear. They do the word of removing the filibuster for Democrats, don't do jack shit about it for a year, and if/when the Democrats gain seats following the 2026 elections, the right is screwed. permalink parent award report block reply Taupkek 2 points 6 days ago As Rush Limbaugh used to say, Republicans are masters of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. permalink parent award report block reply RomanCatholicPatriot 9 points 6 days ago Agreed. For one, we should pray about it. For two, PRESSURE your congress critter to do the RIGHT thing. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago How do you know that what is happening isn't according to God's Plan? From what I can tell, we are well along in the End Times and there is not much we are going to do to change it. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago He never said when the end times come we don't still fight like hell. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago I'm not advocating passivity, I'm advocating calm; do what we can where we are and for who we're with. The rest will pass as it has been ordained. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hanrahan 1 points 6 days ago GOA is asking people to email their Senators to keep the filibuster permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago Republicans might nuke the filibuster, but then they won't get 50 votes on anything truly impactful in the Senate, anyway. The filibuster is just an excuse for several RINOs to hide their intentions. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 6 days ago Even RINOs should be interested in passing federal laws to stop voter fraud, because the voter fraud will be used by Democrats to steal RINO seats in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Yes, I'm sure the Senator who had the entire voting system of her state changed to a commie scam apparatus to keep her boney ass in her Senate seat as, effectively, a democrat in a red state is highly interested in stopping democrat election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago You'd think, but RINOs don't seem to care. They like things the way they are. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Which is weird because the climate has changed, and things aren't going to stay the same. Democrats will go after everybody on the right, RINOs included, if they are allowed back into power. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KernalMustard 2 points 6 days ago I explained this yesterday. Our government is built on grift. The Dems open the door the GOP keeps it open while the everybody runs in and robs the vault. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 6 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 27 points 6 days ago The one thing about it is that I was under the impression that Trump was going to use the shutdown for mass firings but I haven't seen much in terms of mass firings yet. Pointed firings here and there but pretty much nothing in the grand scheme of things. permalink award report block reply Viewer01 27 points 6 days ago The republicans are more worried about being graceful losers than permanent winners. The left is at war trying to install one party rule and republicans want them to do it legally. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 13 points 6 days ago Simply stated, you can’t have elections when one party is trying to game the system to stay in power permanently like the Dems are. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 4 points 6 days ago like someone taking money from the bank every turn to buy streets in monopoly. and then tell him that he cant do it but still play the game fair and lose over and over again. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 6 days ago Not just the bank but from you too. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 4 points 6 days ago One party might be working hard to subvert elections, but the other party is just as guilty; the republicans resisted DOGE cuts just as much as the democrats did. Essentially, anyone who works for the federal government has joined forces to prevent Trump from ever making any meaningful changes. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago DOGE is cooking up massive deregulation plans right now. Expect RINOs and Dems to shit their pants in Jan 2026 when they go into effect. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... HoganT 1 points 6 days ago What in the fuck do you think half the suggestions about what we should do here are based on trying to attain? permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 7 points 6 days ago The left has been at winner-take-all war for over a decade, while the "right" refuses to even acknowledge there's anything going on beyond politics as usual. You can't win a war if you don't even see that you are in one. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 6 days ago Pretty much the long and short of it. permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight 12 points 6 days ago No mass firings. No Epstein files. No Fort Knox audit. I'm not big on dooming but there's a good amount to be disappointed about. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 6 days ago Stacking it up too. Still nothing done to electronic voting permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 5 points 6 days ago He's been trying, but judges keep halting it. Why he doesn't just ignore the judges is another question. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago Butthurt federal employees ran to the courthouse the moment the government shutdown began and got an injunction to prevent layoffs, despite the fact that President Trump has the authority to fire people in this exact situation permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 6 days ago AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Legally not possible until 61 days. Then lets get to 61 days, Trump can drain the swamp by firing everyone who's not needed and/or is detrimental to the MAGA agenda, and then we can ax the filibuster so Republicans can steamroll the MAGA agenda through. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... Doritalos 20 points 6 days ago This is exactly right, which is why I don't understand why people on this forum say "we need muh filibuster to protect ourselves when the dems are in power". Sorry, you are bigly retarded. Do you have a memory of a goldfish? Do you not remember that the Democrats came within a cunt's hair of terminating the filibuster recently, when pedo Joe was in power? Or that they first watered down the filibuster with the judicial nominees? Then, republicans followed suit and were heavily criticized as if they were the ones that were getting rid of the filibuster? Stop following their narrative. Save your ice cold retard takes for r/Conservative . permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 6 days ago The conservative subreddit isn’t really conservative. Due to vote manipulation and brigading, it’s leftists posing as conservatives. For the 2024 primaries, they wanted shitty ass candidates like Vivek and DeSantis over Trump permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 6 days ago The thing about Reddit is that anyone can upvote/downvote in a subreddit. So you might have a thread in /r/conservative filled with 100 conservative comments, 25 moderate comments and 10 leftist comments, but then 5000 leftists view the page and upvote the leftist comments to the top and downvote anything conservative. It's a very shitty system and the Reddit owners have rigged the whole site. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 6 days ago if they would IP-lock users to a single account, they could get rid of the astroturfing problem but then again, they don't want to! permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 7 points 6 days ago This site is flooded with redditors pretending to be MAGA and offering the most retarded takes possible to “divide the base” permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 6 days ago such a healthy way to live! fucking sociopaths permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago They didn’t come with a cunts hair if terminating the filibuster. They lost by two votes the ability to avoid the filibuster for one single bill. It would seem to be you that forgets we’re the last ones to have abolished the filibuster for something. We abolished it for Supreme Court confirmations, after having spent the entire year before using it to block Obama from having a final appointment. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 1 points 6 days ago "Not a cunt's hair, only two votes" lmfao what. Yes, only two votes short. But some goons think that's a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 6 days ago Not a cunt's hair of abolishing the filibuster . You might learn to read, bub. They weren't abolishing the filibuster, they were trying to dodge it for one bill. We're the last one's to actually abolish the filibuster for something permanently. And now we're talking about doing it for everything. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 -1 points 6 days ago People are forgetting the basic principles of 4D chess. Neither party wants to end the filibuster. Trump saying this is a tactic called anchoring. Dems know if anyone will end the filibuster, it's Trump, and that he'll use it to ram through the most comprehensive legislation reform since we founded the country. This terrifies the dems, so it gets them to the negotiating table. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago Not the fucking 4D chess again... permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 6 days ago I mean, Trump's been doing this shit for 60 years, wrote a book on it, and even his supporters are still completely oblivious. No wonder he beats everyone. permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle -11 points 6 days ago Do you have a memory of a goldfish? No. The filibuster was used to stop communist bills from passing under Biden that would've: enabled mass mail-in balloting, harvesting, banned voter ID made DC/PR states (+4 Dem Senators) packed the SCOTUS with 4 new communist justices (for a 7-6 communist majority) stopped state laws that ban tranny surgeries on children ....and so much more. I absolutely want the filibuster around for as long as possible. permalink parent award report block reply Coslin 5 points 6 days ago I don't understand how most people here don't remember this. When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. And everyone knows it'll be the Dems because the republicans are too busy being bitches right now with both houses. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. We have the majority right now. So why don't we just do this, and then we never have to worry about Democrats again? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago and then we never have to worry about Democrats again Bwahahaha! permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 15 points 6 days ago wont have the greatest 3 years unless that option is used to advance America First permalink award report block reply RonPaulWasRight 5 points 6 days ago The leftist Republicans in the senate will activate and stymie any decent legislation. I guarantee it. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago Senators Rand and Graham enter the chat permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 6 days ago Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago You're right, they've been so bad for so long I just think of them as Demoncrats now permalink parent award report block reply jatergator 11 points 6 days ago For those that say, “this will come to bite us” if we remove the filibuster, please read what he is saying slowly. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago If that's what it takes to get major shit done, I'm all for it. I think it will come back to bite us in the future. But if the Democrats are going to do it anyway (and they will), why not do it now when we still have the power for at least another year? permalink parent award report block reply BoughtByBloomberg2 7 points 6 days ago Just as a reminder. The fillibuster can still be employed. They'd just have to actually fucking do it and talk for hourd instead of get 60 votes. And doing something... well that just ain't very GOP at all. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 5 points 6 days ago They practiced for those earlier Don't you remember Dollar Store Obama wearing a diaper and blabbing for 24 plus hours to set the record? permalink parent award report block reply BoughtByBloomberg2 1 points 6 days ago House dollar store Obama or Senate dollar store Obama? permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Hmm, it's getting so hard to keep them straight🧐 permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 6 points 6 days ago We need to do something about the Democrats. They no longer care about having a mandate. They just need to win the elections one more time and they will flood this country with black and brown savages, appoint foreign born judges loyal to party over country, and then the only way to save our country will be by force. permalink award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 6 days ago Trump is well within his rights to declare the entire party as a terrorist organization and invoke the Insurrection Act. They would do it to us if we were as openly violent as they are permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 6 days ago Hell, they'll probably do it to us in a decade anyway, just because we exist. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Bud, Obama won with an enormous margin, a huge house majority, and a damn super majority in the senate. And we launched the stop and obstruct Obama express on day one. You’re disingenuous bullshit about caring about “mandates” is so hollow you could fly a 747 through it. The filibuster should be ended because the country has been ungovernable for too long because of shit like this. Every single minority shouldn’t be able to hold the country hostage. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago The stop and obstruct Obama effort wasn’t a serious one. If it was serious, he would have been eliminated like Charlie Kirk, especially since people correctly warned that Obama was a threat to America. He was and still is a threat, but for whatever reason, people deemed it inappropriate to impeach if not eliminate the sitting president permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago So, see? You not only have zero respect for the biggest mandate in generations. You felt someone should have murdered him. Yet here you are disingenuously acting like it’s the height of treason that democrats dare to not go along with everything we want to do because we have 2 seats. It’s the kind of glaring and transparent lack of any integrity that loses us elections and causes people to correctly identify you and folks like you as legitimate threats to civil society. Half of you are the EXACT type of pussy bitch that absolutely loves to dish it out, but can’t even handle in the slightest having it given back to you and you cry like you’ll never see tomorrow morning if they don’t just stop picking on poor little dindu nuffin you. permalink parent award report block reply hannahb 6 points 6 days ago There is no 'if they assume power' if we don't deal with the criminals and election fraud. Dems will steal midterms, block everything Trump does for the rest of his term, if not impeach or take him out..Then it's gone. We have a small window right now to kick ass and take names. Why aren't we? I can not for the life of me understand how Mamdani is not deported. And what about Ilhan Omar. WTF? We know she committed immigration fraud. How is she in office right now? There's zero excuse. Even if it's like 'the corrupt judges will let her go'. Then we need to imprison the corrupt judges, unleash the national guard, and start disappearing these corrupt commie fucks to black sites. Our country has been completely infiltrated by enemies who are working to destroy us. Just look at how many crazed liberals that celebrated the death of Charlie Kirk. These are demons we are up against. We don't need mean tweets. We need a war time president who is willing to roll up his sleeves and do what it takes.. and if we can't get that, then we as a people need to step up permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago At the very least, they can demonstrate their effort by pursuing the arrests of Mamdani and Omar. Then maybe the "normies" will see that the establishment will protect politicians who are proven to be illegal aliens over its own people. I mean, I could just be using my last stash of hopium, but in all seriousness, they could do at least that. But they won't. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 6 points 6 days ago the GOP is spineless. and, like the first term, opposing the MAGA agenda.  i hope Trump just says fck it and take control of those dem shitcities.  "but what will the dems do?"...they will destroy you and your family, they will take your kids,  they will arrest you, convict you, lock you up or kill you. that is what the dems will do.  so better use the power granted by the MAJORITY of american voters and end the dems once and for all, dont give them a chance to get back in power.  push voter ID, push deportations, put ice/BP at every polling station, arrest and prosecute every last one of the dems that helped the coup.   but most of the GOP is part of the uniparty, thinking they wont get arrested with the rest of us.  dumb idiots.  if they arrest Trump, what makes you think you are special ? permalink award report block reply LostElf 1 points 6 days ago ^^^ permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 6 points 6 days ago Have you all forgotten what Congress is actually like?  You expect Congressional Republicans to pass bills you want?  It'll never happen.  They'll remove the filibuster, pass one token bill to get you all cheering then proceed to fuck you all deep in the ass while you clap like seals until the Dems come back shred the constitution. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 3 points 6 days ago Uniparty permalink parent award report block reply Spacewilluniteus 5 points 6 days ago This is the problem with both Trump administrations, he thinks these senators are on “his” side. They’re all placating him, they don’t want real change. He needed to come in day one and go scorched earth against the neocons / establishment. I knew everything was lost when the Gaetz nomination was revoked. He needed to make his entire administration about doing what he could from the executive and uniting the country around removing blockers in congress (the majority of D and R) by using simple common sense reforms as drivers. Term limits as an example. Instead he did what he did before, let his ego get stroked. Now we’re almost a year in, these slugs are preparing for their midterms and don’t want to rock the boat more than they have. His whole administration should have been about running these fucks out of office. Campaigning for recall elections, and primaries. Instead he allowed the most powerful portion of his admin to be dominated by Jewish interests. Here we are, staring at a tide of socialism. permalink award report block reply Trumpwon306 5 points 6 days ago He is 100% correct. But then Republicans would have no excuses for why they didn't get anything meaningful done. So it ain't happening. permalink award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 4 points 6 days ago I agree with him... I don't want to, but we know the filibuster is going to go away when the dems are in power.  I really don't think it should happen, I'm very against it. But this is why we have lost so often and so much lately... because the Dems will cross the Rubicon, and the Reps don't ever fight back for 'reasons.' permalink award report block reply HellNoKameltoe 2 points 6 days ago frankly I'm sick of our side not playing as dirty or dirtier than the Dems. I don't care about the "holier than thou" crap. I don't care about going by the book if the other side threw the book in the fire burned it to ashes then shit on it. I don't care about "morality" or any of that against a team who won't do the same. permalink parent award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 2 points 6 days ago Exactly... and maybe it needs to get to the point where the states call for an Article V Convention of the States to hopefully, reset. Obama did this.  Obama destroyed America.  I'm not sure it can be saved anymore without something drastic, and getting rid of the filibuster is drastic. permalink parent award report block reply TheAttackTitan 4 points 6 days ago Yes if we end the filibuster we can do what we want with a simple majority. The second we lose power, which we will eventually, will ultimately be the death of our country. Democrats will pass every gun control bill imaginable, solidify national control of elections with universal mail balloting, reopen the border, flood our country with millions of illegal, pass amnesty for them, expand the welfare state, crank up taxes, establish a ministry of wrongthink, pass censorship bills, and do anything else unbelievably tyrannical that you can think of. Nuking the filibuster is a disaster waiting to happen. permalink award report block reply Patriot4TN 1 points 6 days ago Get ready for 2028! permalink parent award report block reply 1amS3lly 4 points 6 days ago The whole point of federal government is that it’s supposed to be slow and arduous, and limited in power/scope. Wanting to remove barriers and give more power to federal executive branch is not the answer. The answer is to prosecute others who have been weaponizing and abusing government. Not abuse it yourself. Most here screamed like banshee’s when Biden wanted the filibuster gone. Now you’re rooting for it. permalink award report block reply Constantin2024 3 points 6 days ago We have to destroy the Republic in order to save it. :S permalink award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 3 points 6 days ago He absolutely should. They've tried before, and they will again after seeing that we still have the ability to win. permalink award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 3 points 6 days ago I see what GEOTUS is getting at. The enemy is going to do it anyway so why not hit them first and get all our good shit through but this will undoubtedly come back to bite us in the ass seeing how we have no one with balls in Congress willing to fight Democrats the way they fight us. We get our good stuff passed but elections get stolen and now Democrats need a 51 vote majority to ban Republicans from holding office because (Insert Latest Outrage Here). I understand what he wants to accomplish but playing the long game, is the juice worth the squeeze? permalink award report block reply LostElf 2 points 6 days ago Yes. This is for all the bananas. Or oranges, juice-wise. Everyone should acknowledge that this is our last chance to rescue the Republic more or less nonviolently. Ram it all through fast and furious, election protection means we don't lose midterms, we win 2028, and them crazy church-going' youngsters take the reins. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago You're missing the part where THEY'RE GOING TO DO IT ANYWAY. The Demoncrats INVENTED the filibuster so they could act like recalcitrant children when they don't get their way Republicans have only used it exceedingly rarely permalink parent award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 6 days ago Read it again, Fren. I state that I understand what GEOTUS is getting at. Read the second sentence, I acknowledge the enemy will do it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Executarian2 2 points 6 days ago Not sure why he's even talking about this. Collins, Murkowski, and McConnell would NEVER do it. Thune has already said he wouldn't. Paul definitely wouldn't either. It's not going to happen. permalink award report block reply scrubking 2 points 6 days ago The same Republicans that won't address election integrity??? permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago As if congress WANTS that! They don't. They're happier tying themselves up forever. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 2 points 6 days ago They're going to hate you and persecute you either way, you might as well win in the meantime permalink award report block reply Handshake_Shmanshake 2 points 6 days ago I just want to know, how a small group of people can impose so much misery, on so many people, just to get their way... and not be drawn-and-quartered for it. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 6 days ago He is correct. permalink award report block reply Dallasguy 1 points 6 days ago Better hurry. I'm voting straight ticket democrat in the midterms if they're gonna fuck around. permalink award report block reply Powhattan 1 points 6 days ago I think he means 7 years. permalink award report block reply Spellmonger 1 points 6 days ago We should do it, NOW... But they won't. Just think if those Legislators, aka - thieves of the public wealth had defended our Nation at the first suspicion of election fraud years ago, instead of taking money to look the other way when fraud occurred, defaming those who tried with all their hearts to alert us of the fact, or simply paid for the service to get themselves re-elected, there would have been NO 2020 steal, NO 4-years of the Obama/Biden abomination, and NO muslem takeover of NYC. And this morning I read that the sneaky coward, Paul Ryan, who, with Mitt Romney, took a dive for Obama in 2012, and the truly treasonous Mitch McConnell, both worked to get Mamdani elected. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 days ago I will stfu if they do permalink award report block reply terribletwos 1 points 6 days ago We should be taking our army and building out militias to remove the foreign invaders, start denaturalizing every invader that's come here in the last 30 years. Who gives a fuck about the "filibuster" when the immigrants and illegals are about to take over the US. permalink award report block reply BlackFolk 1 points 6 days ago Based permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 6 days ago Make the majority rules great again. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 6 days ago If Democrats are not working where then are all the arrests? Arrest them. Arrest all the traitors. Arrest all those who have illegal funded illegal immigrants.
Arrest all those who commit money laundering, human trafficking, arrest all who have openly supported LGBT pedophiles. permalink award report block reply Schroeder09 1 points 6 days ago Then publish the list of what needs done once this power is obtained.  Andrew kolvet and Charlie's other friend made a great point on the show today: these weakling republicans will meander around and do nothing with the power if they did eliminate the filibuster.  Typically I'd just argue that not wanting to do it in the face of the evil we face from these communists is weakness, but I gotta say I think they made a great point that I can totally see.  Trump needs to say ,"Eliminate the filibuster and then do ABCXYZ...."  Make the sale to the American people and have us demanding our senators get on board. permalink award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 6 days ago They won't. Prepare accordingly. permalink award report block reply ravonaf 1 points 6 days ago During Biden, they tried to do away with the Filibuster twice. They needed 51 votes and didn't have them. It should go back to the way it was before 1975. If you want to filibuster, you should be forced to stand on the Senate Floor and talk without stopping. The moment you stop or leave the floor, it's over. This rule was never in the Constitution. It was certainly never made for one party to completely shut down the government indefinitely. permalink award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 6 days ago Could've been 4 but the first one was mostly wasted permalink award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 6 days ago They have grown increasingly depraved and Anti American.  Hell they're anti civilized society of brand at this point. permalink award report block reply drmrboy 1 points 6 days ago What if they eliminate it ... and nothing gets accomplished?  What if they pass some things that most Americans might not want?  Questions.  🤔 permalink award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago I'm all for us destroying the dims, but the way this reads he's pretty sure that in 28 we're losing everything. permalink award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago You think we’re not? He’s the only reason we’re in power right now. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago I hope we're not. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Fren, we’re getting blown the fuck out in the midterms. This whole thing is over in a year and there is no follow up Trump. We’ve embraced acting like complete assholes to everyone, we talk like the sky is on fire about every little thing and we’re all gonna die, and are governing like we have no choice but to completely abandon every American ideal, or risk losing power. When all we had to do was get prices down, enact sensible election reforms, and a sensible immigration policy that didn’t included disappearing people off the streets in broad daylight. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago What are the options on the deportations if not broad daylight arrests?  The deportations are moral and just, no idea why they shouldn't be public.  Otherwise, I agree, a lot of screw ups. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... Snek_Plissken 1 points 6 days ago We need to stop pretending there are invisible guard rails because the dems might do something bad. We already know exactly what they are going to do if they get any power. permalink award report block reply DeplorableNeandertal 1 points 6 days ago Why is he talking to us he should just do it permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago Lindsay Graham is against it so... permalink award report block reply ramennov 1 points 6 days ago Spoiler alert: GOP won't do shit permalink award report block reply cptkloss5 1 points 6 days ago so what exactly "terminating filibuster" will get Trump? will it allow him to start throwing the corrupt judges out and jailing traitors? permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago For starters, they would be able to pass the budget and 6 Demoncrats couldn't hold the country hostage permalink parent award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 1 points 6 days ago Link https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/115503780433465879 permalink award report block reply ShitFromShinola 0 points 6 days ago The problem is he's a lame duck. Thune is not afraid of him and most Republicans consider him a liability after the blowout on Tuesday. If the mid-terms are a disaster, most Senate Republicans will disavow Trump in the hope of saving their own miserable skins in the 2028 cycle. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago There was no blowout anyone who says that is a fucking retard. Blue area's stayed blue big fucking deal. Maybe if the GOP ran some good people. Mind you they want to lose on purpose. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago Blue areas like Pennsylvania where three Democratic Supreme Court justices were retained? Or Blue areas like Georgia where two Republican incumbents lost to Democrats? Or maybe you meant Virginia where the Republicans lost the Governor, Lt. Governor and Attorney General that they've held for the last two terms? It was a fucking blowout. Anyone with an IQ above room temperature realizes this. Deal with it, boy. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Maybe if maga could even… Win. A. Fucking. Primary. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago People vote for the name they know. GOP are pushing the retards even in the primaries. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Never any responsibility, huh. Yeah, bud. Winsome Earl Sears and Curtis Sliwa are household names. permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 6 days ago He is not wrong. We must reshape the nature of government so they cannot abuse us again. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 40 points 6 days ago touché permalink award report block reply Oldman6541E5 17 points 6 days ago He is OUR President! permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside 8 points 6 days ago If Democrats ever get power back they would pack the Supreme Court, make DC and Puerto Rico states, gaining electoral college votes and 4 extra Democrat Senators, they'd enshrine abortion "rights" into the constitution. And that's just on day one. No one wanted John Thune as Senate Majority Leader in the first place, MAGA wanted Rick Scott. permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 2 points 6 days ago Why can’t they end the filibuster and then pass simple 1 page laws requiring 80 senator votes to approve abortion. 90 senators to agree to make dc or Puerto Rico a state. 90 senators to add a Supreme Court justice pass the count of 9?  I mean you’d have to obey the laws and get real consensus to pass those bullshit laws permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 3 points 6 days ago No one Congress can be bound by the ones before it. Pretty basic congressional law, fren. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... The_Yakuza 2 points 6 days ago They already tried to terminate the filibuster, but were missing a few votes from their side. Today's dem party is so in lock step with their radicalism that they will terminate it the next chance they get. But this doesn’t affect constitutional amendments. You will still need 2/3rds of the vote. Never going to happen regardless. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago There are not enough votes to enshrine the right to an abortion  in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 1 points 6 days ago Exactly! That's why we need to do this. permalink parent award report block reply lash 2 points 6 days ago Master of harsh tweets and no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 6 points 6 days ago Bondi needs to fucking go, but he is too weak to do it. permalink parent award report block reply braveheartonsol 3 points 6 days ago America is on the brink of total collapse and we're just going to say oh he has total control to fire her at any moment but it's too hard? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... lash 0 points 6 days ago If this was the apprentice, he would have fired himself. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hoshi 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to hire people who don't peddle their own financial interests before the countries best interest permalink parent award report block reply
Oldman6541E5 17 points 6 days ago He is OUR President! permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside 8 points 6 days ago If Democrats ever get power back they would pack the Supreme Court, make DC and Puerto Rico states, gaining electoral college votes and 4 extra Democrat Senators, they'd enshrine abortion "rights" into the constitution. And that's just on day one. No one wanted John Thune as Senate Majority Leader in the first place, MAGA wanted Rick Scott. permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 2 points 6 days ago Why can’t they end the filibuster and then pass simple 1 page laws requiring 80 senator votes to approve abortion. 90 senators to agree to make dc or Puerto Rico a state. 90 senators to add a Supreme Court justice pass the count of 9?  I mean you’d have to obey the laws and get real consensus to pass those bullshit laws permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 3 points 6 days ago No one Congress can be bound by the ones before it. Pretty basic congressional law, fren. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... The_Yakuza 2 points 6 days ago They already tried to terminate the filibuster, but were missing a few votes from their side. Today's dem party is so in lock step with their radicalism that they will terminate it the next chance they get. But this doesn’t affect constitutional amendments. You will still need 2/3rds of the vote. Never going to happen regardless. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago There are not enough votes to enshrine the right to an abortion  in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 1 points 6 days ago Exactly! That's why we need to do this. permalink parent award report block reply lash 2 points 6 days ago Master of harsh tweets and no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 6 points 6 days ago Bondi needs to fucking go, but he is too weak to do it. permalink parent award report block reply braveheartonsol 3 points 6 days ago America is on the brink of total collapse and we're just going to say oh he has total control to fire her at any moment but it's too hard? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... lash 0 points 6 days ago If this was the apprentice, he would have fired himself. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hoshi 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to hire people who don't peddle their own financial interests before the countries best interest permalink parent award report block reply
Mr_Rightside 8 points 6 days ago If Democrats ever get power back they would pack the Supreme Court, make DC and Puerto Rico states, gaining electoral college votes and 4 extra Democrat Senators, they'd enshrine abortion "rights" into the constitution. And that's just on day one. No one wanted John Thune as Senate Majority Leader in the first place, MAGA wanted Rick Scott. permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 2 points 6 days ago Why can’t they end the filibuster and then pass simple 1 page laws requiring 80 senator votes to approve abortion. 90 senators to agree to make dc or Puerto Rico a state. 90 senators to add a Supreme Court justice pass the count of 9?  I mean you’d have to obey the laws and get real consensus to pass those bullshit laws permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 3 points 6 days ago No one Congress can be bound by the ones before it. Pretty basic congressional law, fren. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... The_Yakuza 2 points 6 days ago They already tried to terminate the filibuster, but were missing a few votes from their side. Today's dem party is so in lock step with their radicalism that they will terminate it the next chance they get. But this doesn’t affect constitutional amendments. You will still need 2/3rds of the vote. Never going to happen regardless. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago There are not enough votes to enshrine the right to an abortion  in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 1 points 6 days ago Exactly! That's why we need to do this. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkchop-express 2 points 6 days ago Why can’t they end the filibuster and then pass simple 1 page laws requiring 80 senator votes to approve abortion. 90 senators to agree to make dc or Puerto Rico a state. 90 senators to add a Supreme Court justice pass the count of 9?  I mean you’d have to obey the laws and get real consensus to pass those bullshit laws permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 3 points 6 days ago No one Congress can be bound by the ones before it. Pretty basic congressional law, fren. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
HoganT 3 points 6 days ago No one Congress can be bound by the ones before it. Pretty basic congressional law, fren. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
The_Yakuza 2 points 6 days ago They already tried to terminate the filibuster, but were missing a few votes from their side. Today's dem party is so in lock step with their radicalism that they will terminate it the next chance they get. But this doesn’t affect constitutional amendments. You will still need 2/3rds of the vote. Never going to happen regardless. permalink parent award report block reply
ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago There are not enough votes to enshrine the right to an abortion  in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply
permissible_missile 1 points 6 days ago Exactly! That's why we need to do this. permalink parent award report block reply
lash 2 points 6 days ago Master of harsh tweets and no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 6 points 6 days ago Bondi needs to fucking go, but he is too weak to do it. permalink parent award report block reply braveheartonsol 3 points 6 days ago America is on the brink of total collapse and we're just going to say oh he has total control to fire her at any moment but it's too hard? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... lash 0 points 6 days ago If this was the apprentice, he would have fired himself. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hoshi 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to hire people who don't peddle their own financial interests before the countries best interest permalink parent award report block reply
Bearing51 6 points 6 days ago Bondi needs to fucking go, but he is too weak to do it. permalink parent award report block reply braveheartonsol 3 points 6 days ago America is on the brink of total collapse and we're just going to say oh he has total control to fire her at any moment but it's too hard? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... lash 0 points 6 days ago If this was the apprentice, he would have fired himself. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
braveheartonsol 3 points 6 days ago America is on the brink of total collapse and we're just going to say oh he has total control to fire her at any moment but it's too hard? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
lash 0 points 6 days ago If this was the apprentice, he would have fired himself. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Hoshi 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to hire people who don't peddle their own financial interests before the countries best interest permalink parent award report block reply
Sea_Still 33 points 6 days ago Retardicans need to grow some balls and do it permalink award report block reply OpusX 10 points 6 days ago My biggest concern is that if Republicans do actually manage to get rid of the fillibuster, they'll squander the opportunity like always, basically gift-wrapping the Senate for Democrats the next time they take the majority. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 5 points 6 days ago This, exactly. The sad reality is that you and I are probably stauncher preservationists of the filibuster than anyone in the Republican Senate, it's just their convenient excuse for running the clock on the second Trump term and his agenda.  If they ditch it they will find the next excuse, most commonly ceding the power of the majority to the fucking parliamentarian. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago That is my real fear. They do the word of removing the filibuster for Democrats, don't do jack shit about it for a year, and if/when the Democrats gain seats following the 2026 elections, the right is screwed. permalink parent award report block reply Taupkek 2 points 6 days ago As Rush Limbaugh used to say, Republicans are masters of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. permalink parent award report block reply RomanCatholicPatriot 9 points 6 days ago Agreed. For one, we should pray about it. For two, PRESSURE your congress critter to do the RIGHT thing. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago How do you know that what is happening isn't according to God's Plan? From what I can tell, we are well along in the End Times and there is not much we are going to do to change it. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago He never said when the end times come we don't still fight like hell. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago I'm not advocating passivity, I'm advocating calm; do what we can where we are and for who we're with. The rest will pass as it has been ordained. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hanrahan 1 points 6 days ago GOA is asking people to email their Senators to keep the filibuster permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago Republicans might nuke the filibuster, but then they won't get 50 votes on anything truly impactful in the Senate, anyway. The filibuster is just an excuse for several RINOs to hide their intentions. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 6 days ago Even RINOs should be interested in passing federal laws to stop voter fraud, because the voter fraud will be used by Democrats to steal RINO seats in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Yes, I'm sure the Senator who had the entire voting system of her state changed to a commie scam apparatus to keep her boney ass in her Senate seat as, effectively, a democrat in a red state is highly interested in stopping democrat election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago You'd think, but RINOs don't seem to care. They like things the way they are. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Which is weird because the climate has changed, and things aren't going to stay the same. Democrats will go after everybody on the right, RINOs included, if they are allowed back into power. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KernalMustard 2 points 6 days ago I explained this yesterday. Our government is built on grift. The Dems open the door the GOP keeps it open while the everybody runs in and robs the vault. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 6 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply
OpusX 10 points 6 days ago My biggest concern is that if Republicans do actually manage to get rid of the fillibuster, they'll squander the opportunity like always, basically gift-wrapping the Senate for Democrats the next time they take the majority. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 5 points 6 days ago This, exactly. The sad reality is that you and I are probably stauncher preservationists of the filibuster than anyone in the Republican Senate, it's just their convenient excuse for running the clock on the second Trump term and his agenda.  If they ditch it they will find the next excuse, most commonly ceding the power of the majority to the fucking parliamentarian. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago That is my real fear. They do the word of removing the filibuster for Democrats, don't do jack shit about it for a year, and if/when the Democrats gain seats following the 2026 elections, the right is screwed. permalink parent award report block reply Taupkek 2 points 6 days ago As Rush Limbaugh used to say, Republicans are masters of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 5 points 6 days ago This, exactly. The sad reality is that you and I are probably stauncher preservationists of the filibuster than anyone in the Republican Senate, it's just their convenient excuse for running the clock on the second Trump term and his agenda.  If they ditch it they will find the next excuse, most commonly ceding the power of the majority to the fucking parliamentarian. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago That is my real fear. They do the word of removing the filibuster for Democrats, don't do jack shit about it for a year, and if/when the Democrats gain seats following the 2026 elections, the right is screwed. permalink parent award report block reply
Taupkek 2 points 6 days ago As Rush Limbaugh used to say, Republicans are masters of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. permalink parent award report block reply
RomanCatholicPatriot 9 points 6 days ago Agreed. For one, we should pray about it. For two, PRESSURE your congress critter to do the RIGHT thing. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago How do you know that what is happening isn't according to God's Plan? From what I can tell, we are well along in the End Times and there is not much we are going to do to change it. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago He never said when the end times come we don't still fight like hell. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago I'm not advocating passivity, I'm advocating calm; do what we can where we are and for who we're with. The rest will pass as it has been ordained. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Hanrahan 1 points 6 days ago GOA is asking people to email their Senators to keep the filibuster permalink parent award report block reply
Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago How do you know that what is happening isn't according to God's Plan? From what I can tell, we are well along in the End Times and there is not much we are going to do to change it. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago He never said when the end times come we don't still fight like hell. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago I'm not advocating passivity, I'm advocating calm; do what we can where we are and for who we're with. The rest will pass as it has been ordained. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago He never said when the end times come we don't still fight like hell. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago I'm not advocating passivity, I'm advocating calm; do what we can where we are and for who we're with. The rest will pass as it has been ordained. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Constantin2024 2 points 6 days ago I'm not advocating passivity, I'm advocating calm; do what we can where we are and for who we're with. The rest will pass as it has been ordained. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Hanrahan 1 points 6 days ago GOA is asking people to email their Senators to keep the filibuster permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago Republicans might nuke the filibuster, but then they won't get 50 votes on anything truly impactful in the Senate, anyway. The filibuster is just an excuse for several RINOs to hide their intentions. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 6 days ago Even RINOs should be interested in passing federal laws to stop voter fraud, because the voter fraud will be used by Democrats to steal RINO seats in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Yes, I'm sure the Senator who had the entire voting system of her state changed to a commie scam apparatus to keep her boney ass in her Senate seat as, effectively, a democrat in a red state is highly interested in stopping democrat election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago You'd think, but RINOs don't seem to care. They like things the way they are. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Which is weird because the climate has changed, and things aren't going to stay the same. Democrats will go after everybody on the right, RINOs included, if they are allowed back into power. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KernalMustard 2 points 6 days ago I explained this yesterday. Our government is built on grift. The Dems open the door the GOP keeps it open while the everybody runs in and robs the vault. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 6 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 1 points 6 days ago Even RINOs should be interested in passing federal laws to stop voter fraud, because the voter fraud will be used by Democrats to steal RINO seats in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Yes, I'm sure the Senator who had the entire voting system of her state changed to a commie scam apparatus to keep her boney ass in her Senate seat as, effectively, a democrat in a red state is highly interested in stopping democrat election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago You'd think, but RINOs don't seem to care. They like things the way they are. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Which is weird because the climate has changed, and things aren't going to stay the same. Democrats will go after everybody on the right, RINOs included, if they are allowed back into power. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KernalMustard 2 points 6 days ago I explained this yesterday. Our government is built on grift. The Dems open the door the GOP keeps it open while the everybody runs in and robs the vault. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Yes, I'm sure the Senator who had the entire voting system of her state changed to a commie scam apparatus to keep her boney ass in her Senate seat as, effectively, a democrat in a red state is highly interested in stopping democrat election fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago You'd think, but RINOs don't seem to care. They like things the way they are. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Which is weird because the climate has changed, and things aren't going to stay the same. Democrats will go after everybody on the right, RINOs included, if they are allowed back into power. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Which is weird because the climate has changed, and things aren't going to stay the same. Democrats will go after everybody on the right, RINOs included, if they are allowed back into power. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
KernalMustard 2 points 6 days ago I explained this yesterday. Our government is built on grift. The Dems open the door the GOP keeps it open while the everybody runs in and robs the vault. permalink parent award report block reply
MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 6 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 27 points 6 days ago The one thing about it is that I was under the impression that Trump was going to use the shutdown for mass firings but I haven't seen much in terms of mass firings yet. Pointed firings here and there but pretty much nothing in the grand scheme of things. permalink award report block reply Viewer01 27 points 6 days ago The republicans are more worried about being graceful losers than permanent winners. The left is at war trying to install one party rule and republicans want them to do it legally. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 13 points 6 days ago Simply stated, you can’t have elections when one party is trying to game the system to stay in power permanently like the Dems are. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 4 points 6 days ago like someone taking money from the bank every turn to buy streets in monopoly. and then tell him that he cant do it but still play the game fair and lose over and over again. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 6 days ago Not just the bank but from you too. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 4 points 6 days ago One party might be working hard to subvert elections, but the other party is just as guilty; the republicans resisted DOGE cuts just as much as the democrats did. Essentially, anyone who works for the federal government has joined forces to prevent Trump from ever making any meaningful changes. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago DOGE is cooking up massive deregulation plans right now. Expect RINOs and Dems to shit their pants in Jan 2026 when they go into effect. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... HoganT 1 points 6 days ago What in the fuck do you think half the suggestions about what we should do here are based on trying to attain? permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 7 points 6 days ago The left has been at winner-take-all war for over a decade, while the "right" refuses to even acknowledge there's anything going on beyond politics as usual. You can't win a war if you don't even see that you are in one. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 6 days ago Pretty much the long and short of it. permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight 12 points 6 days ago No mass firings. No Epstein files. No Fort Knox audit. I'm not big on dooming but there's a good amount to be disappointed about. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 6 days ago Stacking it up too. Still nothing done to electronic voting permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 5 points 6 days ago He's been trying, but judges keep halting it. Why he doesn't just ignore the judges is another question. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago Butthurt federal employees ran to the courthouse the moment the government shutdown began and got an injunction to prevent layoffs, despite the fact that President Trump has the authority to fire people in this exact situation permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 6 days ago AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Legally not possible until 61 days. Then lets get to 61 days, Trump can drain the swamp by firing everyone who's not needed and/or is detrimental to the MAGA agenda, and then we can ax the filibuster so Republicans can steamroll the MAGA agenda through. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
Viewer01 27 points 6 days ago The republicans are more worried about being graceful losers than permanent winners. The left is at war trying to install one party rule and republicans want them to do it legally. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 13 points 6 days ago Simply stated, you can’t have elections when one party is trying to game the system to stay in power permanently like the Dems are. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 4 points 6 days ago like someone taking money from the bank every turn to buy streets in monopoly. and then tell him that he cant do it but still play the game fair and lose over and over again. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 6 days ago Not just the bank but from you too. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 4 points 6 days ago One party might be working hard to subvert elections, but the other party is just as guilty; the republicans resisted DOGE cuts just as much as the democrats did. Essentially, anyone who works for the federal government has joined forces to prevent Trump from ever making any meaningful changes. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago DOGE is cooking up massive deregulation plans right now. Expect RINOs and Dems to shit their pants in Jan 2026 when they go into effect. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... HoganT 1 points 6 days ago What in the fuck do you think half the suggestions about what we should do here are based on trying to attain? permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 7 points 6 days ago The left has been at winner-take-all war for over a decade, while the "right" refuses to even acknowledge there's anything going on beyond politics as usual. You can't win a war if you don't even see that you are in one. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 6 days ago Pretty much the long and short of it. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 13 points 6 days ago Simply stated, you can’t have elections when one party is trying to game the system to stay in power permanently like the Dems are. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 4 points 6 days ago like someone taking money from the bank every turn to buy streets in monopoly. and then tell him that he cant do it but still play the game fair and lose over and over again. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 6 days ago Not just the bank but from you too. permalink parent award report block reply Constantin2024 4 points 6 days ago One party might be working hard to subvert elections, but the other party is just as guilty; the republicans resisted DOGE cuts just as much as the democrats did. Essentially, anyone who works for the federal government has joined forces to prevent Trump from ever making any meaningful changes. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago DOGE is cooking up massive deregulation plans right now. Expect RINOs and Dems to shit their pants in Jan 2026 when they go into effect. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... HoganT 1 points 6 days ago What in the fuck do you think half the suggestions about what we should do here are based on trying to attain? permalink parent award report block reply
emorphia 4 points 6 days ago like someone taking money from the bank every turn to buy streets in monopoly. and then tell him that he cant do it but still play the game fair and lose over and over again. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 6 days ago Not just the bank but from you too. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 1 points 6 days ago Not just the bank but from you too. permalink parent award report block reply
Constantin2024 4 points 6 days ago One party might be working hard to subvert elections, but the other party is just as guilty; the republicans resisted DOGE cuts just as much as the democrats did. Essentially, anyone who works for the federal government has joined forces to prevent Trump from ever making any meaningful changes. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago DOGE is cooking up massive deregulation plans right now. Expect RINOs and Dems to shit their pants in Jan 2026 when they go into effect. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago DOGE is cooking up massive deregulation plans right now. Expect RINOs and Dems to shit their pants in Jan 2026 when they go into effect. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago What in the fuck do you think half the suggestions about what we should do here are based on trying to attain? permalink parent award report block reply
Constantin2024 7 points 6 days ago The left has been at winner-take-all war for over a decade, while the "right" refuses to even acknowledge there's anything going on beyond politics as usual. You can't win a war if you don't even see that you are in one. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 3 points 6 days ago Pretty much the long and short of it. permalink parent award report block reply
RonPaulWasRight 12 points 6 days ago No mass firings. No Epstein files. No Fort Knox audit. I'm not big on dooming but there's a good amount to be disappointed about. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 6 days ago Stacking it up too. Still nothing done to electronic voting permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 6 points 6 days ago Stacking it up too. Still nothing done to electronic voting permalink parent award report block reply
DatTrumpDoh 5 points 6 days ago He's been trying, but judges keep halting it. Why he doesn't just ignore the judges is another question. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago Butthurt federal employees ran to the courthouse the moment the government shutdown began and got an injunction to prevent layoffs, despite the fact that President Trump has the authority to fire people in this exact situation permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 6 days ago AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Legally not possible until 61 days. Then lets get to 61 days, Trump can drain the swamp by firing everyone who's not needed and/or is detrimental to the MAGA agenda, and then we can ax the filibuster so Republicans can steamroll the MAGA agenda through. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Legally not possible until 61 days. Then lets get to 61 days, Trump can drain the swamp by firing everyone who's not needed and/or is detrimental to the MAGA agenda, and then we can ax the filibuster so Republicans can steamroll the MAGA agenda through. permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 20 points 6 days ago This is exactly right, which is why I don't understand why people on this forum say "we need muh filibuster to protect ourselves when the dems are in power". Sorry, you are bigly retarded. Do you have a memory of a goldfish? Do you not remember that the Democrats came within a cunt's hair of terminating the filibuster recently, when pedo Joe was in power? Or that they first watered down the filibuster with the judicial nominees? Then, republicans followed suit and were heavily criticized as if they were the ones that were getting rid of the filibuster? Stop following their narrative. Save your ice cold retard takes for r/Conservative . permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 6 days ago The conservative subreddit isn’t really conservative. Due to vote manipulation and brigading, it’s leftists posing as conservatives. For the 2024 primaries, they wanted shitty ass candidates like Vivek and DeSantis over Trump permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 6 days ago The thing about Reddit is that anyone can upvote/downvote in a subreddit. So you might have a thread in /r/conservative filled with 100 conservative comments, 25 moderate comments and 10 leftist comments, but then 5000 leftists view the page and upvote the leftist comments to the top and downvote anything conservative. It's a very shitty system and the Reddit owners have rigged the whole site. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 6 days ago if they would IP-lock users to a single account, they could get rid of the astroturfing problem but then again, they don't want to! permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 7 points 6 days ago This site is flooded with redditors pretending to be MAGA and offering the most retarded takes possible to “divide the base” permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 6 days ago such a healthy way to live! fucking sociopaths permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago They didn’t come with a cunts hair if terminating the filibuster. They lost by two votes the ability to avoid the filibuster for one single bill. It would seem to be you that forgets we’re the last ones to have abolished the filibuster for something. We abolished it for Supreme Court confirmations, after having spent the entire year before using it to block Obama from having a final appointment. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 1 points 6 days ago "Not a cunt's hair, only two votes" lmfao what. Yes, only two votes short. But some goons think that's a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 6 days ago Not a cunt's hair of abolishing the filibuster . You might learn to read, bub. They weren't abolishing the filibuster, they were trying to dodge it for one bill. We're the last one's to actually abolish the filibuster for something permanently. And now we're talking about doing it for everything. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 -1 points 6 days ago People are forgetting the basic principles of 4D chess. Neither party wants to end the filibuster. Trump saying this is a tactic called anchoring. Dems know if anyone will end the filibuster, it's Trump, and that he'll use it to ram through the most comprehensive legislation reform since we founded the country. This terrifies the dems, so it gets them to the negotiating table. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago Not the fucking 4D chess again... permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 6 days ago I mean, Trump's been doing this shit for 60 years, wrote a book on it, and even his supporters are still completely oblivious. No wonder he beats everyone. permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle -11 points 6 days ago Do you have a memory of a goldfish? No. The filibuster was used to stop communist bills from passing under Biden that would've: enabled mass mail-in balloting, harvesting, banned voter ID made DC/PR states (+4 Dem Senators) packed the SCOTUS with 4 new communist justices (for a 7-6 communist majority) stopped state laws that ban tranny surgeries on children ....and so much more. I absolutely want the filibuster around for as long as possible. permalink parent award report block reply Coslin 5 points 6 days ago I don't understand how most people here don't remember this. When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. And everyone knows it'll be the Dems because the republicans are too busy being bitches right now with both houses. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. We have the majority right now. So why don't we just do this, and then we never have to worry about Democrats again? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago and then we never have to worry about Democrats again Bwahahaha! permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 7 points 6 days ago The conservative subreddit isn’t really conservative. Due to vote manipulation and brigading, it’s leftists posing as conservatives. For the 2024 primaries, they wanted shitty ass candidates like Vivek and DeSantis over Trump permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 6 days ago The thing about Reddit is that anyone can upvote/downvote in a subreddit. So you might have a thread in /r/conservative filled with 100 conservative comments, 25 moderate comments and 10 leftist comments, but then 5000 leftists view the page and upvote the leftist comments to the top and downvote anything conservative. It's a very shitty system and the Reddit owners have rigged the whole site. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 6 days ago if they would IP-lock users to a single account, they could get rid of the astroturfing problem but then again, they don't want to! permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 4 points 6 days ago The thing about Reddit is that anyone can upvote/downvote in a subreddit. So you might have a thread in /r/conservative filled with 100 conservative comments, 25 moderate comments and 10 leftist comments, but then 5000 leftists view the page and upvote the leftist comments to the top and downvote anything conservative. It's a very shitty system and the Reddit owners have rigged the whole site. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 6 days ago if they would IP-lock users to a single account, they could get rid of the astroturfing problem but then again, they don't want to! permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 6 days ago if they would IP-lock users to a single account, they could get rid of the astroturfing problem but then again, they don't want to! permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 7 points 6 days ago This site is flooded with redditors pretending to be MAGA and offering the most retarded takes possible to “divide the base” permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 6 days ago such a healthy way to live! fucking sociopaths permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 6 days ago such a healthy way to live! fucking sociopaths permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago They didn’t come with a cunts hair if terminating the filibuster. They lost by two votes the ability to avoid the filibuster for one single bill. It would seem to be you that forgets we’re the last ones to have abolished the filibuster for something. We abolished it for Supreme Court confirmations, after having spent the entire year before using it to block Obama from having a final appointment. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 1 points 6 days ago "Not a cunt's hair, only two votes" lmfao what. Yes, only two votes short. But some goons think that's a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 6 days ago Not a cunt's hair of abolishing the filibuster . You might learn to read, bub. They weren't abolishing the filibuster, they were trying to dodge it for one bill. We're the last one's to actually abolish the filibuster for something permanently. And now we're talking about doing it for everything. permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 1 points 6 days ago "Not a cunt's hair, only two votes" lmfao what. Yes, only two votes short. But some goons think that's a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 6 days ago Not a cunt's hair of abolishing the filibuster . You might learn to read, bub. They weren't abolishing the filibuster, they were trying to dodge it for one bill. We're the last one's to actually abolish the filibuster for something permanently. And now we're talking about doing it for everything. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -3 points 6 days ago Not a cunt's hair of abolishing the filibuster . You might learn to read, bub. They weren't abolishing the filibuster, they were trying to dodge it for one bill. We're the last one's to actually abolish the filibuster for something permanently. And now we're talking about doing it for everything. permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 -1 points 6 days ago People are forgetting the basic principles of 4D chess. Neither party wants to end the filibuster. Trump saying this is a tactic called anchoring. Dems know if anyone will end the filibuster, it's Trump, and that he'll use it to ram through the most comprehensive legislation reform since we founded the country. This terrifies the dems, so it gets them to the negotiating table. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago Not the fucking 4D chess again... permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 6 days ago I mean, Trump's been doing this shit for 60 years, wrote a book on it, and even his supporters are still completely oblivious. No wonder he beats everyone. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago Not the fucking 4D chess again... permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 6 days ago I mean, Trump's been doing this shit for 60 years, wrote a book on it, and even his supporters are still completely oblivious. No wonder he beats everyone. permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 6 days ago I mean, Trump's been doing this shit for 60 years, wrote a book on it, and even his supporters are still completely oblivious. No wonder he beats everyone. permalink parent award report block reply
maltese-poodle -11 points 6 days ago Do you have a memory of a goldfish? No. The filibuster was used to stop communist bills from passing under Biden that would've: enabled mass mail-in balloting, harvesting, banned voter ID made DC/PR states (+4 Dem Senators) packed the SCOTUS with 4 new communist justices (for a 7-6 communist majority) stopped state laws that ban tranny surgeries on children ....and so much more. I absolutely want the filibuster around for as long as possible. permalink parent award report block reply Coslin 5 points 6 days ago I don't understand how most people here don't remember this. When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. And everyone knows it'll be the Dems because the republicans are too busy being bitches right now with both houses. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. We have the majority right now. So why don't we just do this, and then we never have to worry about Democrats again? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago and then we never have to worry about Democrats again Bwahahaha! permalink parent award report block reply
Coslin 5 points 6 days ago I don't understand how most people here don't remember this. When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. And everyone knows it'll be the Dems because the republicans are too busy being bitches right now with both houses. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. We have the majority right now. So why don't we just do this, and then we never have to worry about Democrats again? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago and then we never have to worry about Democrats again Bwahahaha! permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 2 points 6 days ago When this country becomes a simple majority rules, whichever party it is, the minority will never again have their say in anything. We have the majority right now. So why don't we just do this, and then we never have to worry about Democrats again? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago and then we never have to worry about Democrats again Bwahahaha! permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago and then we never have to worry about Democrats again Bwahahaha! permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 15 points 6 days ago wont have the greatest 3 years unless that option is used to advance America First permalink award report block reply RonPaulWasRight 5 points 6 days ago The leftist Republicans in the senate will activate and stymie any decent legislation. I guarantee it. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago Senators Rand and Graham enter the chat permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 6 days ago Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago You're right, they've been so bad for so long I just think of them as Demoncrats now permalink parent award report block reply
RonPaulWasRight 5 points 6 days ago The leftist Republicans in the senate will activate and stymie any decent legislation. I guarantee it. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago Senators Rand and Graham enter the chat permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 6 days ago Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago You're right, they've been so bad for so long I just think of them as Demoncrats now permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago Senators Rand and Graham enter the chat permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 6 days ago Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago You're right, they've been so bad for so long I just think of them as Demoncrats now permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 2 points 6 days ago Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago You're right, they've been so bad for so long I just think of them as Demoncrats now permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 2 points 6 days ago You're right, they've been so bad for so long I just think of them as Demoncrats now permalink parent award report block reply
jatergator 11 points 6 days ago For those that say, “this will come to bite us” if we remove the filibuster, please read what he is saying slowly. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago If that's what it takes to get major shit done, I'm all for it. I think it will come back to bite us in the future. But if the Democrats are going to do it anyway (and they will), why not do it now when we still have the power for at least another year? permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago If that's what it takes to get major shit done, I'm all for it. I think it will come back to bite us in the future. But if the Democrats are going to do it anyway (and they will), why not do it now when we still have the power for at least another year? permalink parent award report block reply
BoughtByBloomberg2 7 points 6 days ago Just as a reminder. The fillibuster can still be employed. They'd just have to actually fucking do it and talk for hourd instead of get 60 votes. And doing something... well that just ain't very GOP at all. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 5 points 6 days ago They practiced for those earlier Don't you remember Dollar Store Obama wearing a diaper and blabbing for 24 plus hours to set the record? permalink parent award report block reply BoughtByBloomberg2 1 points 6 days ago House dollar store Obama or Senate dollar store Obama? permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Hmm, it's getting so hard to keep them straight🧐 permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 5 points 6 days ago They practiced for those earlier Don't you remember Dollar Store Obama wearing a diaper and blabbing for 24 plus hours to set the record? permalink parent award report block reply BoughtByBloomberg2 1 points 6 days ago House dollar store Obama or Senate dollar store Obama? permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Hmm, it's getting so hard to keep them straight🧐 permalink parent award report block reply
BoughtByBloomberg2 1 points 6 days ago House dollar store Obama or Senate dollar store Obama? permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Hmm, it's getting so hard to keep them straight🧐 permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Hmm, it's getting so hard to keep them straight🧐 permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 6 points 6 days ago We need to do something about the Democrats. They no longer care about having a mandate. They just need to win the elections one more time and they will flood this country with black and brown savages, appoint foreign born judges loyal to party over country, and then the only way to save our country will be by force. permalink award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 6 days ago Trump is well within his rights to declare the entire party as a terrorist organization and invoke the Insurrection Act. They would do it to us if we were as openly violent as they are permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 6 days ago Hell, they'll probably do it to us in a decade anyway, just because we exist. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Bud, Obama won with an enormous margin, a huge house majority, and a damn super majority in the senate. And we launched the stop and obstruct Obama express on day one. You’re disingenuous bullshit about caring about “mandates” is so hollow you could fly a 747 through it. The filibuster should be ended because the country has been ungovernable for too long because of shit like this. Every single minority shouldn’t be able to hold the country hostage. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago The stop and obstruct Obama effort wasn’t a serious one. If it was serious, he would have been eliminated like Charlie Kirk, especially since people correctly warned that Obama was a threat to America. He was and still is a threat, but for whatever reason, people deemed it inappropriate to impeach if not eliminate the sitting president permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago So, see? You not only have zero respect for the biggest mandate in generations. You felt someone should have murdered him. Yet here you are disingenuously acting like it’s the height of treason that democrats dare to not go along with everything we want to do because we have 2 seats. It’s the kind of glaring and transparent lack of any integrity that loses us elections and causes people to correctly identify you and folks like you as legitimate threats to civil society. Half of you are the EXACT type of pussy bitch that absolutely loves to dish it out, but can’t even handle in the slightest having it given back to you and you cry like you’ll never see tomorrow morning if they don’t just stop picking on poor little dindu nuffin you. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 6 days ago Trump is well within his rights to declare the entire party as a terrorist organization and invoke the Insurrection Act. They would do it to us if we were as openly violent as they are permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 6 days ago Hell, they'll probably do it to us in a decade anyway, just because we exist. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 6 days ago Hell, they'll probably do it to us in a decade anyway, just because we exist. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Bud, Obama won with an enormous margin, a huge house majority, and a damn super majority in the senate. And we launched the stop and obstruct Obama express on day one. You’re disingenuous bullshit about caring about “mandates” is so hollow you could fly a 747 through it. The filibuster should be ended because the country has been ungovernable for too long because of shit like this. Every single minority shouldn’t be able to hold the country hostage. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago The stop and obstruct Obama effort wasn’t a serious one. If it was serious, he would have been eliminated like Charlie Kirk, especially since people correctly warned that Obama was a threat to America. He was and still is a threat, but for whatever reason, people deemed it inappropriate to impeach if not eliminate the sitting president permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago So, see? You not only have zero respect for the biggest mandate in generations. You felt someone should have murdered him. Yet here you are disingenuously acting like it’s the height of treason that democrats dare to not go along with everything we want to do because we have 2 seats. It’s the kind of glaring and transparent lack of any integrity that loses us elections and causes people to correctly identify you and folks like you as legitimate threats to civil society. Half of you are the EXACT type of pussy bitch that absolutely loves to dish it out, but can’t even handle in the slightest having it given back to you and you cry like you’ll never see tomorrow morning if they don’t just stop picking on poor little dindu nuffin you. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago The stop and obstruct Obama effort wasn’t a serious one. If it was serious, he would have been eliminated like Charlie Kirk, especially since people correctly warned that Obama was a threat to America. He was and still is a threat, but for whatever reason, people deemed it inappropriate to impeach if not eliminate the sitting president permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago So, see? You not only have zero respect for the biggest mandate in generations. You felt someone should have murdered him. Yet here you are disingenuously acting like it’s the height of treason that democrats dare to not go along with everything we want to do because we have 2 seats. It’s the kind of glaring and transparent lack of any integrity that loses us elections and causes people to correctly identify you and folks like you as legitimate threats to civil society. Half of you are the EXACT type of pussy bitch that absolutely loves to dish it out, but can’t even handle in the slightest having it given back to you and you cry like you’ll never see tomorrow morning if they don’t just stop picking on poor little dindu nuffin you. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago So, see? You not only have zero respect for the biggest mandate in generations. You felt someone should have murdered him. Yet here you are disingenuously acting like it’s the height of treason that democrats dare to not go along with everything we want to do because we have 2 seats. It’s the kind of glaring and transparent lack of any integrity that loses us elections and causes people to correctly identify you and folks like you as legitimate threats to civil society. Half of you are the EXACT type of pussy bitch that absolutely loves to dish it out, but can’t even handle in the slightest having it given back to you and you cry like you’ll never see tomorrow morning if they don’t just stop picking on poor little dindu nuffin you. permalink parent award report block reply
hannahb 6 points 6 days ago There is no 'if they assume power' if we don't deal with the criminals and election fraud. Dems will steal midterms, block everything Trump does for the rest of his term, if not impeach or take him out..Then it's gone. We have a small window right now to kick ass and take names. Why aren't we? I can not for the life of me understand how Mamdani is not deported. And what about Ilhan Omar. WTF? We know she committed immigration fraud. How is she in office right now? There's zero excuse. Even if it's like 'the corrupt judges will let her go'. Then we need to imprison the corrupt judges, unleash the national guard, and start disappearing these corrupt commie fucks to black sites. Our country has been completely infiltrated by enemies who are working to destroy us. Just look at how many crazed liberals that celebrated the death of Charlie Kirk. These are demons we are up against. We don't need mean tweets. We need a war time president who is willing to roll up his sleeves and do what it takes.. and if we can't get that, then we as a people need to step up permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago At the very least, they can demonstrate their effort by pursuing the arrests of Mamdani and Omar. Then maybe the "normies" will see that the establishment will protect politicians who are proven to be illegal aliens over its own people. I mean, I could just be using my last stash of hopium, but in all seriousness, they could do at least that. But they won't. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 6 days ago At the very least, they can demonstrate their effort by pursuing the arrests of Mamdani and Omar. Then maybe the "normies" will see that the establishment will protect politicians who are proven to be illegal aliens over its own people. I mean, I could just be using my last stash of hopium, but in all seriousness, they could do at least that. But they won't. permalink parent award report block reply
emorphia 6 points 6 days ago the GOP is spineless. and, like the first term, opposing the MAGA agenda.  i hope Trump just says fck it and take control of those dem shitcities.  "but what will the dems do?"...they will destroy you and your family, they will take your kids,  they will arrest you, convict you, lock you up or kill you. that is what the dems will do.  so better use the power granted by the MAJORITY of american voters and end the dems once and for all, dont give them a chance to get back in power.  push voter ID, push deportations, put ice/BP at every polling station, arrest and prosecute every last one of the dems that helped the coup.   but most of the GOP is part of the uniparty, thinking they wont get arrested with the rest of us.  dumb idiots.  if they arrest Trump, what makes you think you are special ? permalink award report block reply LostElf 1 points 6 days ago ^^^ permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 1 points 6 days ago ^^^ permalink parent award report block reply
stagolee 6 points 6 days ago Have you all forgotten what Congress is actually like?  You expect Congressional Republicans to pass bills you want?  It'll never happen.  They'll remove the filibuster, pass one token bill to get you all cheering then proceed to fuck you all deep in the ass while you clap like seals until the Dems come back shred the constitution. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 3 points 6 days ago Uniparty permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 3 points 6 days ago Uniparty permalink parent award report block reply
Spacewilluniteus 5 points 6 days ago This is the problem with both Trump administrations, he thinks these senators are on “his” side. They’re all placating him, they don’t want real change. He needed to come in day one and go scorched earth against the neocons / establishment. I knew everything was lost when the Gaetz nomination was revoked. He needed to make his entire administration about doing what he could from the executive and uniting the country around removing blockers in congress (the majority of D and R) by using simple common sense reforms as drivers. Term limits as an example. Instead he did what he did before, let his ego get stroked. Now we’re almost a year in, these slugs are preparing for their midterms and don’t want to rock the boat more than they have. His whole administration should have been about running these fucks out of office. Campaigning for recall elections, and primaries. Instead he allowed the most powerful portion of his admin to be dominated by Jewish interests. Here we are, staring at a tide of socialism. permalink award report block reply
Trumpwon306 5 points 6 days ago He is 100% correct. But then Republicans would have no excuses for why they didn't get anything meaningful done. So it ain't happening. permalink award report block reply
Trump-16-20-24-28-32 4 points 6 days ago I agree with him... I don't want to, but we know the filibuster is going to go away when the dems are in power.  I really don't think it should happen, I'm very against it. But this is why we have lost so often and so much lately... because the Dems will cross the Rubicon, and the Reps don't ever fight back for 'reasons.' permalink award report block reply HellNoKameltoe 2 points 6 days ago frankly I'm sick of our side not playing as dirty or dirtier than the Dems. I don't care about the "holier than thou" crap. I don't care about going by the book if the other side threw the book in the fire burned it to ashes then shit on it. I don't care about "morality" or any of that against a team who won't do the same. permalink parent award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 2 points 6 days ago Exactly... and maybe it needs to get to the point where the states call for an Article V Convention of the States to hopefully, reset. Obama did this.  Obama destroyed America.  I'm not sure it can be saved anymore without something drastic, and getting rid of the filibuster is drastic. permalink parent award report block reply
HellNoKameltoe 2 points 6 days ago frankly I'm sick of our side not playing as dirty or dirtier than the Dems. I don't care about the "holier than thou" crap. I don't care about going by the book if the other side threw the book in the fire burned it to ashes then shit on it. I don't care about "morality" or any of that against a team who won't do the same. permalink parent award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 2 points 6 days ago Exactly... and maybe it needs to get to the point where the states call for an Article V Convention of the States to hopefully, reset. Obama did this.  Obama destroyed America.  I'm not sure it can be saved anymore without something drastic, and getting rid of the filibuster is drastic. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump-16-20-24-28-32 2 points 6 days ago Exactly... and maybe it needs to get to the point where the states call for an Article V Convention of the States to hopefully, reset. Obama did this.  Obama destroyed America.  I'm not sure it can be saved anymore without something drastic, and getting rid of the filibuster is drastic. permalink parent award report block reply
TheAttackTitan 4 points 6 days ago Yes if we end the filibuster we can do what we want with a simple majority. The second we lose power, which we will eventually, will ultimately be the death of our country. Democrats will pass every gun control bill imaginable, solidify national control of elections with universal mail balloting, reopen the border, flood our country with millions of illegal, pass amnesty for them, expand the welfare state, crank up taxes, establish a ministry of wrongthink, pass censorship bills, and do anything else unbelievably tyrannical that you can think of. Nuking the filibuster is a disaster waiting to happen. permalink award report block reply Patriot4TN 1 points 6 days ago Get ready for 2028! permalink parent award report block reply
Patriot4TN 1 points 6 days ago Get ready for 2028! permalink parent award report block reply
1amS3lly 4 points 6 days ago The whole point of federal government is that it’s supposed to be slow and arduous, and limited in power/scope. Wanting to remove barriers and give more power to federal executive branch is not the answer. The answer is to prosecute others who have been weaponizing and abusing government. Not abuse it yourself. Most here screamed like banshee’s when Biden wanted the filibuster gone. Now you’re rooting for it. permalink award report block reply
Constantin2024 3 points 6 days ago We have to destroy the Republic in order to save it. :S permalink award report block reply
LawyersPlayDota 3 points 6 days ago He absolutely should. They've tried before, and they will again after seeing that we still have the ability to win. permalink award report block reply
ConsrvspkgNJ 3 points 6 days ago I see what GEOTUS is getting at. The enemy is going to do it anyway so why not hit them first and get all our good shit through but this will undoubtedly come back to bite us in the ass seeing how we have no one with balls in Congress willing to fight Democrats the way they fight us. We get our good stuff passed but elections get stolen and now Democrats need a 51 vote majority to ban Republicans from holding office because (Insert Latest Outrage Here). I understand what he wants to accomplish but playing the long game, is the juice worth the squeeze? permalink award report block reply LostElf 2 points 6 days ago Yes. This is for all the bananas. Or oranges, juice-wise. Everyone should acknowledge that this is our last chance to rescue the Republic more or less nonviolently. Ram it all through fast and furious, election protection means we don't lose midterms, we win 2028, and them crazy church-going' youngsters take the reins. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago You're missing the part where THEY'RE GOING TO DO IT ANYWAY. The Demoncrats INVENTED the filibuster so they could act like recalcitrant children when they don't get their way Republicans have only used it exceedingly rarely permalink parent award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 6 days ago Read it again, Fren. I state that I understand what GEOTUS is getting at. Read the second sentence, I acknowledge the enemy will do it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 2 points 6 days ago Yes. This is for all the bananas. Or oranges, juice-wise. Everyone should acknowledge that this is our last chance to rescue the Republic more or less nonviolently. Ram it all through fast and furious, election protection means we don't lose midterms, we win 2028, and them crazy church-going' youngsters take the reins. permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago You're missing the part where THEY'RE GOING TO DO IT ANYWAY. The Demoncrats INVENTED the filibuster so they could act like recalcitrant children when they don't get their way Republicans have only used it exceedingly rarely permalink parent award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 6 days ago Read it again, Fren. I state that I understand what GEOTUS is getting at. Read the second sentence, I acknowledge the enemy will do it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
ConsrvspkgNJ 1 points 6 days ago Read it again, Fren. I state that I understand what GEOTUS is getting at. Read the second sentence, I acknowledge the enemy will do it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
Executarian2 2 points 6 days ago Not sure why he's even talking about this. Collins, Murkowski, and McConnell would NEVER do it. Thune has already said he wouldn't. Paul definitely wouldn't either. It's not going to happen. permalink award report block reply
scrubking 2 points 6 days ago The same Republicans that won't address election integrity??? permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 6 days ago As if congress WANTS that! They don't. They're happier tying themselves up forever. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 2 points 6 days ago They're going to hate you and persecute you either way, you might as well win in the meantime permalink award report block reply
Handshake_Shmanshake 2 points 6 days ago I just want to know, how a small group of people can impose so much misery, on so many people, just to get their way... and not be drawn-and-quartered for it. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 6 days ago He is correct. permalink award report block reply
Dallasguy 1 points 6 days ago Better hurry. I'm voting straight ticket democrat in the midterms if they're gonna fuck around. permalink award report block reply
Powhattan 1 points 6 days ago I think he means 7 years. permalink award report block reply
Spellmonger 1 points 6 days ago We should do it, NOW... But they won't. Just think if those Legislators, aka - thieves of the public wealth had defended our Nation at the first suspicion of election fraud years ago, instead of taking money to look the other way when fraud occurred, defaming those who tried with all their hearts to alert us of the fact, or simply paid for the service to get themselves re-elected, there would have been NO 2020 steal, NO 4-years of the Obama/Biden abomination, and NO muslem takeover of NYC. And this morning I read that the sneaky coward, Paul Ryan, who, with Mitt Romney, took a dive for Obama in 2012, and the truly treasonous Mitch McConnell, both worked to get Mamdani elected. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 6 days ago I will stfu if they do permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 1 points 6 days ago We should be taking our army and building out militias to remove the foreign invaders, start denaturalizing every invader that's come here in the last 30 years. Who gives a fuck about the "filibuster" when the immigrants and illegals are about to take over the US. permalink award report block reply
BlackFolk 1 points 6 days ago Based permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 6 days ago Make the majority rules great again. permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 6 days ago If Democrats are not working where then are all the arrests? Arrest them. Arrest all the traitors. Arrest all those who have illegal funded illegal immigrants.
Arrest all those who commit money laundering, human trafficking, arrest all who have openly supported LGBT pedophiles. permalink award report block reply
Schroeder09 1 points 6 days ago Then publish the list of what needs done once this power is obtained.  Andrew kolvet and Charlie's other friend made a great point on the show today: these weakling republicans will meander around and do nothing with the power if they did eliminate the filibuster.  Typically I'd just argue that not wanting to do it in the face of the evil we face from these communists is weakness, but I gotta say I think they made a great point that I can totally see.  Trump needs to say ,"Eliminate the filibuster and then do ABCXYZ...."  Make the sale to the American people and have us demanding our senators get on board. permalink award report block reply
Chickensaurus 1 points 6 days ago They won't. Prepare accordingly. permalink award report block reply
ravonaf 1 points 6 days ago During Biden, they tried to do away with the Filibuster twice. They needed 51 votes and didn't have them. It should go back to the way it was before 1975. If you want to filibuster, you should be forced to stand on the Senate Floor and talk without stopping. The moment you stop or leave the floor, it's over. This rule was never in the Constitution. It was certainly never made for one party to completely shut down the government indefinitely. permalink award report block reply
BannedAccount 1 points 6 days ago Could've been 4 but the first one was mostly wasted permalink award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 1 points 6 days ago They have grown increasingly depraved and Anti American.  Hell they're anti civilized society of brand at this point. permalink award report block reply
drmrboy 1 points 6 days ago What if they eliminate it ... and nothing gets accomplished?  What if they pass some things that most Americans might not want?  Questions.  🤔 permalink award report block reply
Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago I'm all for us destroying the dims, but the way this reads he's pretty sure that in 28 we're losing everything. permalink award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago You think we’re not? He’s the only reason we’re in power right now. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago I hope we're not. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Fren, we’re getting blown the fuck out in the midterms. This whole thing is over in a year and there is no follow up Trump. We’ve embraced acting like complete assholes to everyone, we talk like the sky is on fire about every little thing and we’re all gonna die, and are governing like we have no choice but to completely abandon every American ideal, or risk losing power. When all we had to do was get prices down, enact sensible election reforms, and a sensible immigration policy that didn’t included disappearing people off the streets in broad daylight. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago What are the options on the deportations if not broad daylight arrests?  The deportations are moral and just, no idea why they shouldn't be public.  Otherwise, I agree, a lot of screw ups. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago You think we’re not? He’s the only reason we’re in power right now. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago I hope we're not. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Fren, we’re getting blown the fuck out in the midterms. This whole thing is over in a year and there is no follow up Trump. We’ve embraced acting like complete assholes to everyone, we talk like the sky is on fire about every little thing and we’re all gonna die, and are governing like we have no choice but to completely abandon every American ideal, or risk losing power. When all we had to do was get prices down, enact sensible election reforms, and a sensible immigration policy that didn’t included disappearing people off the streets in broad daylight. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago What are the options on the deportations if not broad daylight arrests?  The deportations are moral and just, no idea why they shouldn't be public.  Otherwise, I agree, a lot of screw ups. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago I hope we're not. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Fren, we’re getting blown the fuck out in the midterms. This whole thing is over in a year and there is no follow up Trump. We’ve embraced acting like complete assholes to everyone, we talk like the sky is on fire about every little thing and we’re all gonna die, and are governing like we have no choice but to completely abandon every American ideal, or risk losing power. When all we had to do was get prices down, enact sensible election reforms, and a sensible immigration policy that didn’t included disappearing people off the streets in broad daylight. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago What are the options on the deportations if not broad daylight arrests?  The deportations are moral and just, no idea why they shouldn't be public.  Otherwise, I agree, a lot of screw ups. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Fren, we’re getting blown the fuck out in the midterms. This whole thing is over in a year and there is no follow up Trump. We’ve embraced acting like complete assholes to everyone, we talk like the sky is on fire about every little thing and we’re all gonna die, and are governing like we have no choice but to completely abandon every American ideal, or risk losing power. When all we had to do was get prices down, enact sensible election reforms, and a sensible immigration policy that didn’t included disappearing people off the streets in broad daylight. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago What are the options on the deportations if not broad daylight arrests?  The deportations are moral and just, no idea why they shouldn't be public.  Otherwise, I agree, a lot of screw ups. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
Southboundanddown 1 points 6 days ago What are the options on the deportations if not broad daylight arrests?  The deportations are moral and just, no idea why they shouldn't be public.  Otherwise, I agree, a lot of screw ups. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
Snek_Plissken 1 points 6 days ago We need to stop pretending there are invisible guard rails because the dems might do something bad. We already know exactly what they are going to do if they get any power. permalink award report block reply
DeplorableNeandertal 1 points 6 days ago Why is he talking to us he should just do it permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago Lindsay Graham is against it so... permalink award report block reply
ramennov 1 points 6 days ago Spoiler alert: GOP won't do shit permalink award report block reply
cptkloss5 1 points 6 days ago so what exactly "terminating filibuster" will get Trump? will it allow him to start throwing the corrupt judges out and jailing traitors? permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago For starters, they would be able to pass the budget and 6 Demoncrats couldn't hold the country hostage permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 6 days ago For starters, they would be able to pass the budget and 6 Demoncrats couldn't hold the country hostage permalink parent award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 1 points 6 days ago Link https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/115503780433465879 permalink award report block reply
ShitFromShinola 0 points 6 days ago The problem is he's a lame duck. Thune is not afraid of him and most Republicans consider him a liability after the blowout on Tuesday. If the mid-terms are a disaster, most Senate Republicans will disavow Trump in the hope of saving their own miserable skins in the 2028 cycle. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago There was no blowout anyone who says that is a fucking retard. Blue area's stayed blue big fucking deal. Maybe if the GOP ran some good people. Mind you they want to lose on purpose. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago Blue areas like Pennsylvania where three Democratic Supreme Court justices were retained? Or Blue areas like Georgia where two Republican incumbents lost to Democrats? Or maybe you meant Virginia where the Republicans lost the Governor, Lt. Governor and Attorney General that they've held for the last two terms? It was a fucking blowout. Anyone with an IQ above room temperature realizes this. Deal with it, boy. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Maybe if maga could even… Win. A. Fucking. Primary. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago People vote for the name they know. GOP are pushing the retards even in the primaries. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Never any responsibility, huh. Yeah, bud. Winsome Earl Sears and Curtis Sliwa are household names. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago There was no blowout anyone who says that is a fucking retard. Blue area's stayed blue big fucking deal. Maybe if the GOP ran some good people. Mind you they want to lose on purpose. permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago Blue areas like Pennsylvania where three Democratic Supreme Court justices were retained? Or Blue areas like Georgia where two Republican incumbents lost to Democrats? Or maybe you meant Virginia where the Republicans lost the Governor, Lt. Governor and Attorney General that they've held for the last two terms? It was a fucking blowout. Anyone with an IQ above room temperature realizes this. Deal with it, boy. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Maybe if maga could even… Win. A. Fucking. Primary. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago People vote for the name they know. GOP are pushing the retards even in the primaries. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Never any responsibility, huh. Yeah, bud. Winsome Earl Sears and Curtis Sliwa are household names. permalink parent award report block reply
ShitFromShinola 1 points 6 days ago Blue areas like Pennsylvania where three Democratic Supreme Court justices were retained? Or Blue areas like Georgia where two Republican incumbents lost to Democrats? Or maybe you meant Virginia where the Republicans lost the Governor, Lt. Governor and Attorney General that they've held for the last two terms? It was a fucking blowout. Anyone with an IQ above room temperature realizes this. Deal with it, boy. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Maybe if maga could even… Win. A. Fucking. Primary. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago People vote for the name they know. GOP are pushing the retards even in the primaries. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Never any responsibility, huh. Yeah, bud. Winsome Earl Sears and Curtis Sliwa are household names. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago People vote for the name they know. GOP are pushing the retards even in the primaries. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Never any responsibility, huh. Yeah, bud. Winsome Earl Sears and Curtis Sliwa are household names. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Never any responsibility, huh. Yeah, bud. Winsome Earl Sears and Curtis Sliwa are household names. permalink parent award report block reply
Citizen_Bob 0 points 6 days ago He is not wrong. We must reshape the nature of government so they cannot abuse us again. permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply