1012 There are 1.8 million nonprofits operating in America and they get $303 billion taxpayer dollars per year posted 2 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 42 comments award share download report block
42 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness HaloGrow bidensmissingbrain 27 points 2 days ago I work with a number of NFPs and boy the story's that would turn you red in the face... permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 15 points 2 days ago I have done nothing but witness "nonprofits" do everything they can to maintain that status. They pay their executives more, they acquire other organizations, they expand without end, and then they jack their prices up even if it's an essential service (hospitals) I don't believe a non profit should be able to acquire other companies and I do not believe they should be able to continuously expand either. For profits that don't have that status nor the benefits that status provides have to consider ramifications of their acquisitions and the cost of expansion. It's gay that I've watched too many of them fail upward too. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 4 points 2 days ago Well the easiest way is just to enforce the law. Nonprofit which means does not make or acquire profit and provides a free service via volunteering. Even the Executives fall under this definition otherwise they generate Profit since one of the people in that org is getting paid thus their status becomes an employee which means the org becomes a profiting entity. Donations are to be toward the Nonprofit, and the funds cannot be used to pay any person that is volunteering which includes the CEO. Even the term CEO which is Chief Executive Officer means they are employed by the company to Execute ways for the company to make profit. An NED is a Nonprofit Executive Director which means they are doing so as a volunteer and cannot accept any money or gifts made by the Org in question. This means any form or function as playing a means of Transaction is under this purview The real problem here is that those in charge are not enforcing this standard. So we can safely assume at least 1 Million - 1.5 Million are essentially profiting which means they are not under the status of Nonprofit. The rest that is left is still a lot, but that is where more details is needed. Also, NGOs technically fall under this same instance. If they get government money they have to provide taxes with documentation that is to be available to the public because they are technically being hired by the government. Basically, since they are being funded by the government they are contractors for the government. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 2 days ago The failing upwards really is the one that gets me. I’ve seen a number of NFPs do things that are just mind-blowingly stupid. Things that would put a SMB under within months. But not only did it not kill them, somehow they aren’t really even affected and just keep going like it’s no big deal. That said, I don’t think I’d ever want to work directly for one, I’d lose what little sanity I have. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 7 points 2 days ago I'm pretty sure a "non-government" organization that exists on primarily government money is a government money laundering operation that is in fact wholly government and wholly hangable. permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 21 points 2 days ago I need to start an NGO. I'll lie and claim it's for left wing causes, but fund conservative causes. permalink award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 15 points 2 days ago You’re so far left you’re right. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 8 points 2 days ago Play their games why not. permalink parent award report block reply pococurante 3 points 2 days ago I heard Zoidberg's voice while reading that permalink parent award report block reply congruent 2 points 2 days ago While this sounds nice, and there's no official, formal accountability for NGOs, there is DEFINITELY under cover, unofficial, informal, back-room-deal accountability for NGOs. They need to know you're playing on the right team before they back up the dump truck of money. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 10 points 2 days ago NGO's are the elite left's gofundme's.  DOGE uncovered USAID misuse and abuse but the fact that open borders of invaders was accomplished with NGO's using our tax dollars has never formally, or legally, been addressed.  I still think NGO's need to be made to pay for deportations somehow, reversing the damage they created. permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 10 points 2 days ago Why was the point of having Elon expose all of this? Did Trump do a fucking thing to stop this shit or what?? permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 1 day ago Yes. He shut down usaid, the primary source of funds for these ngos. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 1 points 1 day ago The primary source is the Federal Reserve. If you're not getting the results you want, adjust your view towards the Federal Reserve and its owners. permalink parent award report block reply Cyber1776 8 points 2 days ago We really need to throw mud on the term "non profit" To most normies, these are great charitable organizations that do good work helping the homeless or wounded veterans ect. The reality is most of these are complete an utter scams where the directors and higher ups just decide to grant themselves $100K salaries starting and its usually for stupid as fuck causes that they dont even give the money to permalink award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 4 points 2 days ago Link https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1988079175823970678?s=20 permalink award report block reply congruent 2 points 2 days ago That's $300k per yer, per NGO.
It's really over $1 million per NGO for... $2.5 trillion of our federal expenditures per year. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 1 day ago No, it's not. That's $300 billion per year total. Federal spending is $7.5T per year, and two thirds of that are entitlement programs like Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, Welfare, Unemployment, etc. Defense gets an eighth of that spending, a little over $900B to $950B. Interest on the debt is just over a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply congruent 2 points 1 day ago I like that in your numbers there's a missing $2.5 trillion. :) permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 23 hours ago I left out Education, infrastructure/transportation, Natural Resources/Conservation, Veteran's Benefits(which is 5%), and Justice Administration. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago Profitable business to be in. permalink award report block reply ParmesanCartel 3 points 2 days ago But don't let this distract the fact trump welcomed an Al Qaeda leader into the Whitehouse on the marine Corps birthday permalink award report block reply Dontbeafraid 4 points 2 days ago Quit noticing, people here don't like bad talk about trump, the jew lover. Aka the wall kisser permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 2 points 2 days ago He can kiss the wall all he wants after exposing the Mossad child rape ring that his buddies built. permalink parent award report block reply Deplorable_in_PA 3 points 1 day ago Fake "charity" and non profits have been the left's favorite way to hide and launder money for decades.  Look at Shrillary.  How much money from the Clinton Foundation actually goes towards helping people in need? permalink award report block reply HappyFunBall 2 points 2 days ago "Non profit" permalink award report block reply TooBright 2 points 2 days ago The real question: how many of them would get a pass if the public got to vote on giving them money? What would be the end result if we just stopped funding all of it? permalink award report block reply FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 2 days ago Probably at least half of it is fraud. permalink award report block reply tdtech9 2 points 1 day ago Yup, half fraud and the rest agitprop. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 2 points 2 days ago Easier question is how much of it ISN'T used to destroy America permalink award report block reply Capitalism_Fuck_Yeah 1 points 1 day ago You know these nonprofits are used to pay salaries for the left wing protest organizers? Here's now it works: Work for a non profit on a salary wage Dems call for a protest People in the community outreach help plan the protest Boss says "Oh your going to that protest? Well take the day off" Non profit doesn't officially support the protest but it's entirely headed by nonprofits. It's the non profit activist complex.. permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 2 days ago Like a fucking cancer... permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 1 points 1 day ago Nonprofit my ass, these faggots are stealing tax dollars fair and square, how is it possible? permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 2 days ago how much is that per NGO? math is too racist for me permalink award report block reply Filo76 3 points 2 days ago $168,333.333... repeating of course. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 2 days ago thank you. that’s too much. should be $69, tops permalink parent award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago It's insane actually. permalink award report block reply Papabravo12 1 points 2 days ago Haha all permalink award report block reply General_Specific 1 points 2 days ago Not to mention the taxes they DO NOT pay for the money donated. permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 2 days ago Su2C is a scam charity. Anything cancer related is a money laundering salary driven con job. Same for food banks. permalink award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 27 points 2 days ago I work with a number of NFPs and boy the story's that would turn you red in the face... permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 15 points 2 days ago I have done nothing but witness "nonprofits" do everything they can to maintain that status. They pay their executives more, they acquire other organizations, they expand without end, and then they jack their prices up even if it's an essential service (hospitals) I don't believe a non profit should be able to acquire other companies and I do not believe they should be able to continuously expand either. For profits that don't have that status nor the benefits that status provides have to consider ramifications of their acquisitions and the cost of expansion. It's gay that I've watched too many of them fail upward too. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 4 points 2 days ago Well the easiest way is just to enforce the law. Nonprofit which means does not make or acquire profit and provides a free service via volunteering. Even the Executives fall under this definition otherwise they generate Profit since one of the people in that org is getting paid thus their status becomes an employee which means the org becomes a profiting entity. Donations are to be toward the Nonprofit, and the funds cannot be used to pay any person that is volunteering which includes the CEO. Even the term CEO which is Chief Executive Officer means they are employed by the company to Execute ways for the company to make profit. An NED is a Nonprofit Executive Director which means they are doing so as a volunteer and cannot accept any money or gifts made by the Org in question. This means any form or function as playing a means of Transaction is under this purview The real problem here is that those in charge are not enforcing this standard. So we can safely assume at least 1 Million - 1.5 Million are essentially profiting which means they are not under the status of Nonprofit. The rest that is left is still a lot, but that is where more details is needed. Also, NGOs technically fall under this same instance. If they get government money they have to provide taxes with documentation that is to be available to the public because they are technically being hired by the government. Basically, since they are being funded by the government they are contractors for the government. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 2 days ago The failing upwards really is the one that gets me. I’ve seen a number of NFPs do things that are just mind-blowingly stupid. Things that would put a SMB under within months. But not only did it not kill them, somehow they aren’t really even affected and just keep going like it’s no big deal. That said, I don’t think I’d ever want to work directly for one, I’d lose what little sanity I have. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 7 points 2 days ago I'm pretty sure a "non-government" organization that exists on primarily government money is a government money laundering operation that is in fact wholly government and wholly hangable. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 15 points 2 days ago I have done nothing but witness "nonprofits" do everything they can to maintain that status. They pay their executives more, they acquire other organizations, they expand without end, and then they jack their prices up even if it's an essential service (hospitals) I don't believe a non profit should be able to acquire other companies and I do not believe they should be able to continuously expand either. For profits that don't have that status nor the benefits that status provides have to consider ramifications of their acquisitions and the cost of expansion. It's gay that I've watched too many of them fail upward too. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 4 points 2 days ago Well the easiest way is just to enforce the law. Nonprofit which means does not make or acquire profit and provides a free service via volunteering. Even the Executives fall under this definition otherwise they generate Profit since one of the people in that org is getting paid thus their status becomes an employee which means the org becomes a profiting entity. Donations are to be toward the Nonprofit, and the funds cannot be used to pay any person that is volunteering which includes the CEO. Even the term CEO which is Chief Executive Officer means they are employed by the company to Execute ways for the company to make profit. An NED is a Nonprofit Executive Director which means they are doing so as a volunteer and cannot accept any money or gifts made by the Org in question. This means any form or function as playing a means of Transaction is under this purview The real problem here is that those in charge are not enforcing this standard. So we can safely assume at least 1 Million - 1.5 Million are essentially profiting which means they are not under the status of Nonprofit. The rest that is left is still a lot, but that is where more details is needed. Also, NGOs technically fall under this same instance. If they get government money they have to provide taxes with documentation that is to be available to the public because they are technically being hired by the government. Basically, since they are being funded by the government they are contractors for the government. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 2 days ago The failing upwards really is the one that gets me. I’ve seen a number of NFPs do things that are just mind-blowingly stupid. Things that would put a SMB under within months. But not only did it not kill them, somehow they aren’t really even affected and just keep going like it’s no big deal. That said, I don’t think I’d ever want to work directly for one, I’d lose what little sanity I have. permalink parent award report block reply
Aambrick 4 points 2 days ago Well the easiest way is just to enforce the law. Nonprofit which means does not make or acquire profit and provides a free service via volunteering. Even the Executives fall under this definition otherwise they generate Profit since one of the people in that org is getting paid thus their status becomes an employee which means the org becomes a profiting entity. Donations are to be toward the Nonprofit, and the funds cannot be used to pay any person that is volunteering which includes the CEO. Even the term CEO which is Chief Executive Officer means they are employed by the company to Execute ways for the company to make profit. An NED is a Nonprofit Executive Director which means they are doing so as a volunteer and cannot accept any money or gifts made by the Org in question. This means any form or function as playing a means of Transaction is under this purview The real problem here is that those in charge are not enforcing this standard. So we can safely assume at least 1 Million - 1.5 Million are essentially profiting which means they are not under the status of Nonprofit. The rest that is left is still a lot, but that is where more details is needed. Also, NGOs technically fall under this same instance. If they get government money they have to provide taxes with documentation that is to be available to the public because they are technically being hired by the government. Basically, since they are being funded by the government they are contractors for the government. permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 1 points 2 days ago The failing upwards really is the one that gets me. I’ve seen a number of NFPs do things that are just mind-blowingly stupid. Things that would put a SMB under within months. But not only did it not kill them, somehow they aren’t really even affected and just keep going like it’s no big deal. That said, I don’t think I’d ever want to work directly for one, I’d lose what little sanity I have. permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 7 points 2 days ago I'm pretty sure a "non-government" organization that exists on primarily government money is a government money laundering operation that is in fact wholly government and wholly hangable. permalink parent award report block reply
nakedjay 21 points 2 days ago I need to start an NGO. I'll lie and claim it's for left wing causes, but fund conservative causes. permalink award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 15 points 2 days ago You’re so far left you’re right. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 8 points 2 days ago Play their games why not. permalink parent award report block reply pococurante 3 points 2 days ago I heard Zoidberg's voice while reading that permalink parent award report block reply congruent 2 points 2 days ago While this sounds nice, and there's no official, formal accountability for NGOs, there is DEFINITELY under cover, unofficial, informal, back-room-deal accountability for NGOs. They need to know you're playing on the right team before they back up the dump truck of money. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 15 points 2 days ago You’re so far left you’re right. permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 8 points 2 days ago Play their games why not. permalink parent award report block reply pococurante 3 points 2 days ago I heard Zoidberg's voice while reading that permalink parent award report block reply
pococurante 3 points 2 days ago I heard Zoidberg's voice while reading that permalink parent award report block reply
congruent 2 points 2 days ago While this sounds nice, and there's no official, formal accountability for NGOs, there is DEFINITELY under cover, unofficial, informal, back-room-deal accountability for NGOs. They need to know you're playing on the right team before they back up the dump truck of money. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 10 points 2 days ago NGO's are the elite left's gofundme's.  DOGE uncovered USAID misuse and abuse but the fact that open borders of invaders was accomplished with NGO's using our tax dollars has never formally, or legally, been addressed.  I still think NGO's need to be made to pay for deportations somehow, reversing the damage they created. permalink award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 10 points 2 days ago Why was the point of having Elon expose all of this? Did Trump do a fucking thing to stop this shit or what?? permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 1 day ago Yes. He shut down usaid, the primary source of funds for these ngos. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 1 points 1 day ago The primary source is the Federal Reserve. If you're not getting the results you want, adjust your view towards the Federal Reserve and its owners. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 1 day ago Yes. He shut down usaid, the primary source of funds for these ngos. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 1 points 1 day ago The primary source is the Federal Reserve. If you're not getting the results you want, adjust your view towards the Federal Reserve and its owners. permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 1 points 1 day ago The primary source is the Federal Reserve. If you're not getting the results you want, adjust your view towards the Federal Reserve and its owners. permalink parent award report block reply
Cyber1776 8 points 2 days ago We really need to throw mud on the term "non profit" To most normies, these are great charitable organizations that do good work helping the homeless or wounded veterans ect. The reality is most of these are complete an utter scams where the directors and higher ups just decide to grant themselves $100K salaries starting and its usually for stupid as fuck causes that they dont even give the money to permalink award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 4 points 2 days ago Link https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1988079175823970678?s=20 permalink award report block reply congruent 2 points 2 days ago That's $300k per yer, per NGO.
It's really over $1 million per NGO for... $2.5 trillion of our federal expenditures per year. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 1 day ago No, it's not. That's $300 billion per year total. Federal spending is $7.5T per year, and two thirds of that are entitlement programs like Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, Welfare, Unemployment, etc. Defense gets an eighth of that spending, a little over $900B to $950B. Interest on the debt is just over a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply congruent 2 points 1 day ago I like that in your numbers there's a missing $2.5 trillion. :) permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 23 hours ago I left out Education, infrastructure/transportation, Natural Resources/Conservation, Veteran's Benefits(which is 5%), and Justice Administration. permalink parent award report block reply
congruent 2 points 2 days ago That's $300k per yer, per NGO.
It's really over $1 million per NGO for... $2.5 trillion of our federal expenditures per year. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 1 day ago No, it's not. That's $300 billion per year total. Federal spending is $7.5T per year, and two thirds of that are entitlement programs like Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, Welfare, Unemployment, etc. Defense gets an eighth of that spending, a little over $900B to $950B. Interest on the debt is just over a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply congruent 2 points 1 day ago I like that in your numbers there's a missing $2.5 trillion. :) permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 23 hours ago I left out Education, infrastructure/transportation, Natural Resources/Conservation, Veteran's Benefits(which is 5%), and Justice Administration. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 1 day ago No, it's not. That's $300 billion per year total. Federal spending is $7.5T per year, and two thirds of that are entitlement programs like Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, Welfare, Unemployment, etc. Defense gets an eighth of that spending, a little over $900B to $950B. Interest on the debt is just over a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply congruent 2 points 1 day ago I like that in your numbers there's a missing $2.5 trillion. :) permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 23 hours ago I left out Education, infrastructure/transportation, Natural Resources/Conservation, Veteran's Benefits(which is 5%), and Justice Administration. permalink parent award report block reply
congruent 2 points 1 day ago I like that in your numbers there's a missing $2.5 trillion. :) permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 23 hours ago I left out Education, infrastructure/transportation, Natural Resources/Conservation, Veteran's Benefits(which is 5%), and Justice Administration. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 23 hours ago I left out Education, infrastructure/transportation, Natural Resources/Conservation, Veteran's Benefits(which is 5%), and Justice Administration. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago Profitable business to be in. permalink award report block reply
ParmesanCartel 3 points 2 days ago But don't let this distract the fact trump welcomed an Al Qaeda leader into the Whitehouse on the marine Corps birthday permalink award report block reply Dontbeafraid 4 points 2 days ago Quit noticing, people here don't like bad talk about trump, the jew lover. Aka the wall kisser permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 2 points 2 days ago He can kiss the wall all he wants after exposing the Mossad child rape ring that his buddies built. permalink parent award report block reply
Dontbeafraid 4 points 2 days ago Quit noticing, people here don't like bad talk about trump, the jew lover. Aka the wall kisser permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 2 points 2 days ago He can kiss the wall all he wants after exposing the Mossad child rape ring that his buddies built. permalink parent award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 2 points 2 days ago He can kiss the wall all he wants after exposing the Mossad child rape ring that his buddies built. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplorable_in_PA 3 points 1 day ago Fake "charity" and non profits have been the left's favorite way to hide and launder money for decades.  Look at Shrillary.  How much money from the Clinton Foundation actually goes towards helping people in need? permalink award report block reply
HappyFunBall 2 points 2 days ago "Non profit" permalink award report block reply
TooBright 2 points 2 days ago The real question: how many of them would get a pass if the public got to vote on giving them money? What would be the end result if we just stopped funding all of it? permalink award report block reply
FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 2 days ago Probably at least half of it is fraud. permalink award report block reply tdtech9 2 points 1 day ago Yup, half fraud and the rest agitprop. permalink parent award report block reply
tdtech9 2 points 1 day ago Yup, half fraud and the rest agitprop. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 2 points 2 days ago Easier question is how much of it ISN'T used to destroy America permalink award report block reply
Capitalism_Fuck_Yeah 1 points 1 day ago You know these nonprofits are used to pay salaries for the left wing protest organizers? Here's now it works: Work for a non profit on a salary wage Dems call for a protest People in the community outreach help plan the protest Boss says "Oh your going to that protest? Well take the day off" Non profit doesn't officially support the protest but it's entirely headed by nonprofits. It's the non profit activist complex.. permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 2 days ago Like a fucking cancer... permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 1 points 1 day ago Nonprofit my ass, these faggots are stealing tax dollars fair and square, how is it possible? permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 1 points 2 days ago how much is that per NGO? math is too racist for me permalink award report block reply Filo76 3 points 2 days ago $168,333.333... repeating of course. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 2 days ago thank you. that’s too much. should be $69, tops permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 3 points 2 days ago $168,333.333... repeating of course. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 2 days ago thank you. that’s too much. should be $69, tops permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 1 points 2 days ago thank you. that’s too much. should be $69, tops permalink parent award report block reply
RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago It's insane actually. permalink award report block reply
Papabravo12 1 points 2 days ago Haha all permalink award report block reply
General_Specific 1 points 2 days ago Not to mention the taxes they DO NOT pay for the money donated. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 2 days ago Su2C is a scam charity. Anything cancer related is a money laundering salary driven con job. Same for food banks. permalink award report block reply