369 UK: British veterans admit their sacrifice wasn’t worth it simply to to surrender their nation to Islamic invaders. posted 5 days ago by ALT26 5 comments award share report block @amuse @amuse • 5d UK: British veterans admit their sacrifice wasn’t worth it simply to to surrender their nation to Islamic invaders.
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno FaustyArchaeus 3 points 5 days ago Patronising host should fuck off permalink award report block reply BenDoverAssho 3 points 5 days ago This veteran is correct. Europe would be better off today had the Germans won. Now we are looking at the global threat of Communism/Islamist Totalitarianism. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 5 days ago The ironic aspect is that most of the Muslims were allied with the Nazis in both World Wars. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 2 points 5 days ago Nah. The Nazi leadership was essentially Satanist. Things would have definitely gotten worse as any actual Christians or Christian conduct was stamped out. It's possible that there may have a revolt and Europe would be stronger after pushing out the Nazis by themselves, but it's just as possible the people would still be enslaved and the Nazi powers kept ethnically cleansing whoever their demonic overlords told them to permalink parent award report block reply
FaustyArchaeus 3 points 5 days ago Patronising host should fuck off permalink award report block reply
BenDoverAssho 3 points 5 days ago This veteran is correct. Europe would be better off today had the Germans won. Now we are looking at the global threat of Communism/Islamist Totalitarianism. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 5 days ago The ironic aspect is that most of the Muslims were allied with the Nazis in both World Wars. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 2 points 5 days ago Nah. The Nazi leadership was essentially Satanist. Things would have definitely gotten worse as any actual Christians or Christian conduct was stamped out. It's possible that there may have a revolt and Europe would be stronger after pushing out the Nazis by themselves, but it's just as possible the people would still be enslaved and the Nazi powers kept ethnically cleansing whoever their demonic overlords told them to permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 3 points 5 days ago The ironic aspect is that most of the Muslims were allied with the Nazis in both World Wars. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Tiger5468 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Tiger5468 2 points 5 days ago Nah. The Nazi leadership was essentially Satanist. Things would have definitely gotten worse as any actual Christians or Christian conduct was stamped out. It's possible that there may have a revolt and Europe would be stronger after pushing out the Nazis by themselves, but it's just as possible the people would still be enslaved and the Nazi powers kept ethnically cleansing whoever their demonic overlords told them to permalink parent award report block reply