350 This is why we 'doom'. This is why we 'concern troll'. This is why we criticize. posted 8 hours ago by MathletesFoot 62 comments award share download report block
62 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MathletesFoot OP 50 points 8 hours ago All that, in addition to his foreign policy spree, making deals and 'peace' that doesnt last a month. I'm feeling pretty blackpilled lately. Maybe I'm just missing the 5D chess angle, but he seems to be getting worse. I'm starting to think the powers that be are getting smarter and finally learning how to properly deal with Trump. permalink award report block reply LiquidSun 27 points 7 hours ago Or Trump was always part of the script and we've been had. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 8 points 3 hours ago Ill never believe that after what ive seen trump go through these past 9 years. permalink parent award report block reply Eric42 0 points 2 hours ago Unless it was the plan to make him a martyr. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 0 points 31 minutes ago Had to happen to make the con job work. I predicted his first term would be stellar to gain even more support, and that he would cash it all out in his second term like with nearly every other second term we have seen. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 hours ago And being within millimeters of getting his brains shot out live on TV. Trump is a real man.  He's not one of "them." However, he's wandered pretty far off course recently. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 18 points 6 hours ago I'm probably as close to being blackpilled right now as I've ever been, for the reasons you gave and many more. One concern is I'm not seeing enough college reform.  Trump should have cancelled the Chinese students and forced universities to tighten their belts.  Get rid of 600k Chinese students and the lowered demand will drive education costs down. But I'm not going to jump ship until I see the results of the January Grand Jury in Florida. permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 2 points 2 hours ago What is the January grand jury all about?  Id like some hopium please as when I told my wife the state of the nation this morning (jeets 600k commies) she was about in tears with all the other stress of living in a blue shit hole. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 49 minutes ago It very much looks like they'll present the conspiracy evidence for everything from RussiaGate to J6. Follow Svetlana Lokhova on Twitter if you want the most accurate reporting on this. Yeah, there's been a lot of blackpills to swallow since Charlie got shot, but I think we can make it past this recent demoralization attempt. permalink parent award report block reply Beardicus 15 points 6 hours ago He's listening to donors instead of his voters. permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 1 points 2 hours ago I was a fuckin donor permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 4 points 5 hours ago It’s starting to mirror Reagan’s presidency, strong first term and then it starts to fall apart in the second. I’m still supporting Trump but unfortunately I no longer have the “sequel is better than the first” mindset. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpWonByALandslide 35 points 8 hours ago The sad thing is that all of the points in this post are fairly accurate. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 33 points 8 hours ago Noooooo, we must blindly support our side like the leftists and get fucked in the ass every single time. permalink award report block reply mojorisen -6 points 7 hours ago I might be pissed about the current state of the admin after 10 months but YES I will support Trump blindly.  The alternative is at best a uniparty Republican hack and at worst a woke communist hack. The only problem is that many of the normies and MAGA will sit home or vote for the least scary dem in the midterms and that will ultimately lead to our demise. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 16 points 6 hours ago Getting harder and harder to distinguish Trump from a uniparty, republican hack. All these policies he's floated the last week sound like something Jeb Bush would do. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 15 points 6 hours ago If Trump served his base we would not even have this discussion and instead be hyper-enthusiastic. In addition the left would be utterly demotivated since we actually get what we vote for. This seems like a much better deal than what we do right now. permalink parent award report block reply NoahGav 0 points 6 hours ago If Trump is leading us to our demise then it's Trump leading us to our demise. It's not complicated. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply oldftg 32 points 8 hours ago Definitely not a good week. permalink award report block reply iamherefortheluls 30 points 7 hours ago we've not had good weeks since he flipped on Epstein. That was the point in the timeline when MAGA went out the window and became decoration on same old DC swamp shit. permalink parent award report block reply RejectoftheRepublic 23 points 8 hours ago We must be loud and put the pressure on Trump to change course. He's had nothing but bad takes lately and we need to let the White House know this will lead to losing the midterms permalink award report block reply TheSwampThang 9 points 6 hours ago He doesn't care anymore now that he got elected.   Vance will run on " but tHe oThEr sIdE iS wOrSe!!" And he will loose dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 5 points 5 hours ago By “loose dramatically”, are you talking about our buttholes? permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 2 points 5 hours ago They ain't going stretch themselves permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 4 hours ago Touché permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 15 points 7 hours ago Dooming is not criticism. Dooming is "everyone give up, stop trying." Criticism is valid. Dooming is a psyop. permalink award report block reply LatitudeofMind 1 points 3 hours ago What do we do now? Is the question permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 hours ago Trump listens to people. Let him, and your senators and representative, what you want from them. Get involved locally, as well, to make sure your local government knows this is unacceptable. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 13 points 7 hours ago The shills know full well President Trump responds to his base. Which is why they're here in force to make sure President Trump's base doesn't complain about these pro globalist parties. Good thing President Trump took complete ownership of the globalist's war in the Ukraine, too. permalink award report block reply covfefe77 13 points 8 hours ago drop these points in rsbn chat & they boot you, feels familiar permalink award report block reply hewonbyalot701 12 points 6 hours ago and zero arrests permalink award report block reply sarsaparilla -1 points 4 hours ago who gives a fuck, honestly. do arrests fundamentally improve our lives? no. at this point I'm a single issue voter and that issue is migration. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 23 minutes ago Yes.  You arrest/incarcerate someone in a position to impede you and they can no longer impede you.  It really is not hard to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 1 points 29 minutes ago Yes, when the powers that be get seriously punished, they would be less inclined to act the way they do. Behavioral psychology 101, it's not rocket science. Allowing them to continue to roam free unimpeded only emboldens them to keep doing what they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 11 points 7 hours ago I voted for Trump and still got Kamala permalink award report block reply RedFoxOnFire 10 points 6 hours ago "We must import foreign workers.  Also, we must import foreign students so they can be educated enough to be our foreign workers." I can't even say FML because it already is. permalink award report block reply HanginChad 8 points 7 hours ago American go to shitty schools so they don't go out of business. Chinese go to good schools, they don't come here to go to shitty ones. Graduate shitty college can't even get a shitty job because an H1B has it. Can't get a factory job either because some other economic migrant has it. ??? Profit? permalink award report block reply Chad_Prime 6 points 6 hours ago And don't forget about our do-nothing AG and DOJ. I hear the statute of limitations for J6 crimes is in 8 weeks. Anyone want to lay money on the table that we will see mass convictions levied against Pelosi and everyone else involved in orchestrating J6? Yeah, I didn't think so... permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 5 points 4 hours ago Bare minimum on mass deportations. EXTREME bare minimum on fighting the deep state. No accountability for campaign spying, COVID lies, election theft, Epstein/mossad blackmail or anything globalist tyranny. Still paying too much in taxes. Still seeing no movement in getting back gun rights. Still seeing lots of money going to other countries. Still seeing RINOs do nothing patriotic, let alone American first. permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 4 points 2 hours ago Only stormfags make doomer posts here and concern troll. You don't necessarily have to agree with everything Trump says but all you retards are basically saying you would rather lose the midterms or worse, vote for libtards just to spite Trump. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 54 minutes ago But muh Epstein jerk off material hasn't been released! permalink parent award report block reply sir_rockness 4 points 6 hours ago I wonder at what point we all realize he's listening to his Israeli masters? permalink award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 6 hours ago I have major concerns about my President. I have to believe it's bad advisors.  He's too mobile for dementia yet. permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 3 points 4 hours ago It's not bad advisers. It's business as usual unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 2 points 6 hours ago They could have yeeted the real Trump and replaced him with AI and no one would even know it. It's verified that the white house released a AI version of Tump giving condolences after Charlie Kirks assassination................ permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 6 hours ago Wait what? You got a link? permalink parent award report block reply Mungo 1 points 6 hours ago Americans “Will” not work in factories. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 2 hours ago Feel betrayed.   You can't say shit like this at a time like this and think it will be ok.  At minimum I expected Mass Deportations and Accountability.   Not only aren't I getting that but and additional 600,000 Chinese and million Indians.   The Invasion is real frens and it isn't stopping until WE make it too painful for foreigners to live here permalink award report block reply semblanceofsanity 1 points 5 hours ago We need culture change, but that won't happen by importing cheap labor. That will only happen when the lazy are kicked off the dole and American workers are paid wages that encourage people to seek those jobs. permalink award report block reply dr_gonzo 0 points 2 hours ago I've been screaming on here for years now that Trump's achilles heal is government spending. That's the cause of #1, #2 & #3. So those don't surprise me one iota. I knew that's how he felt about it. Not only because he says so if you listen closely enough, but also because of his first term where he piled up more debt in one term than any president in history including Biden. This isn't a small problem. It's going to destroy Trump's legacy. Government spending is at the core of so many of our country's problems, and he just fucking ignores it entirely because he knows by definition he'd have to cut gibmedats, and he knows they poll well. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 53 minutes ago Now do Trump BEFORE the COVID psyop permalink parent award report block reply blitzkrieg1 -3 points 6 hours ago Read and learn something. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP4pY/trumps-remarks-explained/c permalink award report block reply Username_here -16 points 7 hours ago Well you will get your chance to vote for your beloved Democrats next year. permalink award report block reply Region 9 points 7 hours ago Only unintelligent people need to resort to using a strawman. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
MathletesFoot OP 50 points 8 hours ago All that, in addition to his foreign policy spree, making deals and 'peace' that doesnt last a month. I'm feeling pretty blackpilled lately. Maybe I'm just missing the 5D chess angle, but he seems to be getting worse. I'm starting to think the powers that be are getting smarter and finally learning how to properly deal with Trump. permalink award report block reply LiquidSun 27 points 7 hours ago Or Trump was always part of the script and we've been had. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 8 points 3 hours ago Ill never believe that after what ive seen trump go through these past 9 years. permalink parent award report block reply Eric42 0 points 2 hours ago Unless it was the plan to make him a martyr. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 0 points 31 minutes ago Had to happen to make the con job work. I predicted his first term would be stellar to gain even more support, and that he would cash it all out in his second term like with nearly every other second term we have seen. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 hours ago And being within millimeters of getting his brains shot out live on TV. Trump is a real man.  He's not one of "them." However, he's wandered pretty far off course recently. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 18 points 6 hours ago I'm probably as close to being blackpilled right now as I've ever been, for the reasons you gave and many more. One concern is I'm not seeing enough college reform.  Trump should have cancelled the Chinese students and forced universities to tighten their belts.  Get rid of 600k Chinese students and the lowered demand will drive education costs down. But I'm not going to jump ship until I see the results of the January Grand Jury in Florida. permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 2 points 2 hours ago What is the January grand jury all about?  Id like some hopium please as when I told my wife the state of the nation this morning (jeets 600k commies) she was about in tears with all the other stress of living in a blue shit hole. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 49 minutes ago It very much looks like they'll present the conspiracy evidence for everything from RussiaGate to J6. Follow Svetlana Lokhova on Twitter if you want the most accurate reporting on this. Yeah, there's been a lot of blackpills to swallow since Charlie got shot, but I think we can make it past this recent demoralization attempt. permalink parent award report block reply Beardicus 15 points 6 hours ago He's listening to donors instead of his voters. permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 1 points 2 hours ago I was a fuckin donor permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 4 points 5 hours ago It’s starting to mirror Reagan’s presidency, strong first term and then it starts to fall apart in the second. I’m still supporting Trump but unfortunately I no longer have the “sequel is better than the first” mindset. permalink parent award report block reply
LiquidSun 27 points 7 hours ago Or Trump was always part of the script and we've been had. permalink parent award report block reply Whatyougotson 8 points 3 hours ago Ill never believe that after what ive seen trump go through these past 9 years. permalink parent award report block reply Eric42 0 points 2 hours ago Unless it was the plan to make him a martyr. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 0 points 31 minutes ago Had to happen to make the con job work. I predicted his first term would be stellar to gain even more support, and that he would cash it all out in his second term like with nearly every other second term we have seen. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 hours ago And being within millimeters of getting his brains shot out live on TV. Trump is a real man.  He's not one of "them." However, he's wandered pretty far off course recently. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Whatyougotson 8 points 3 hours ago Ill never believe that after what ive seen trump go through these past 9 years. permalink parent award report block reply Eric42 0 points 2 hours ago Unless it was the plan to make him a martyr. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 0 points 31 minutes ago Had to happen to make the con job work. I predicted his first term would be stellar to gain even more support, and that he would cash it all out in his second term like with nearly every other second term we have seen. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 hours ago And being within millimeters of getting his brains shot out live on TV. Trump is a real man.  He's not one of "them." However, he's wandered pretty far off course recently. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Eric42 0 points 2 hours ago Unless it was the plan to make him a martyr. permalink parent award report block reply
ShekelJa 0 points 31 minutes ago Had to happen to make the con job work. I predicted his first term would be stellar to gain even more support, and that he would cash it all out in his second term like with nearly every other second term we have seen. permalink parent award report block reply
full_of_shot 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 3 points 3 hours ago And being within millimeters of getting his brains shot out live on TV. Trump is a real man.  He's not one of "them." However, he's wandered pretty far off course recently. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
24601 3 points 3 hours ago And being within millimeters of getting his brains shot out live on TV. Trump is a real man.  He's not one of "them." However, he's wandered pretty far off course recently. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 18 points 6 hours ago I'm probably as close to being blackpilled right now as I've ever been, for the reasons you gave and many more. One concern is I'm not seeing enough college reform.  Trump should have cancelled the Chinese students and forced universities to tighten their belts.  Get rid of 600k Chinese students and the lowered demand will drive education costs down. But I'm not going to jump ship until I see the results of the January Grand Jury in Florida. permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 2 points 2 hours ago What is the January grand jury all about?  Id like some hopium please as when I told my wife the state of the nation this morning (jeets 600k commies) she was about in tears with all the other stress of living in a blue shit hole. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 49 minutes ago It very much looks like they'll present the conspiracy evidence for everything from RussiaGate to J6. Follow Svetlana Lokhova on Twitter if you want the most accurate reporting on this. Yeah, there's been a lot of blackpills to swallow since Charlie got shot, but I think we can make it past this recent demoralization attempt. permalink parent award report block reply
Seatacjoe 2 points 2 hours ago What is the January grand jury all about?  Id like some hopium please as when I told my wife the state of the nation this morning (jeets 600k commies) she was about in tears with all the other stress of living in a blue shit hole. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 49 minutes ago It very much looks like they'll present the conspiracy evidence for everything from RussiaGate to J6. Follow Svetlana Lokhova on Twitter if you want the most accurate reporting on this. Yeah, there's been a lot of blackpills to swallow since Charlie got shot, but I think we can make it past this recent demoralization attempt. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 1 points 49 minutes ago It very much looks like they'll present the conspiracy evidence for everything from RussiaGate to J6. Follow Svetlana Lokhova on Twitter if you want the most accurate reporting on this. Yeah, there's been a lot of blackpills to swallow since Charlie got shot, but I think we can make it past this recent demoralization attempt. permalink parent award report block reply
Beardicus 15 points 6 hours ago He's listening to donors instead of his voters. permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 1 points 2 hours ago I was a fuckin donor permalink parent award report block reply
Seatacjoe 1 points 2 hours ago I was a fuckin donor permalink parent award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 4 points 5 hours ago It’s starting to mirror Reagan’s presidency, strong first term and then it starts to fall apart in the second. I’m still supporting Trump but unfortunately I no longer have the “sequel is better than the first” mindset. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpWonByALandslide 35 points 8 hours ago The sad thing is that all of the points in this post are fairly accurate. permalink award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 33 points 8 hours ago Noooooo, we must blindly support our side like the leftists and get fucked in the ass every single time. permalink award report block reply mojorisen -6 points 7 hours ago I might be pissed about the current state of the admin after 10 months but YES I will support Trump blindly.  The alternative is at best a uniparty Republican hack and at worst a woke communist hack. The only problem is that many of the normies and MAGA will sit home or vote for the least scary dem in the midterms and that will ultimately lead to our demise. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 16 points 6 hours ago Getting harder and harder to distinguish Trump from a uniparty, republican hack. All these policies he's floated the last week sound like something Jeb Bush would do. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 15 points 6 hours ago If Trump served his base we would not even have this discussion and instead be hyper-enthusiastic. In addition the left would be utterly demotivated since we actually get what we vote for. This seems like a much better deal than what we do right now. permalink parent award report block reply NoahGav 0 points 6 hours ago If Trump is leading us to our demise then it's Trump leading us to our demise. It's not complicated. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
mojorisen -6 points 7 hours ago I might be pissed about the current state of the admin after 10 months but YES I will support Trump blindly.  The alternative is at best a uniparty Republican hack and at worst a woke communist hack. The only problem is that many of the normies and MAGA will sit home or vote for the least scary dem in the midterms and that will ultimately lead to our demise. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 16 points 6 hours ago Getting harder and harder to distinguish Trump from a uniparty, republican hack. All these policies he's floated the last week sound like something Jeb Bush would do. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 15 points 6 hours ago If Trump served his base we would not even have this discussion and instead be hyper-enthusiastic. In addition the left would be utterly demotivated since we actually get what we vote for. This seems like a much better deal than what we do right now. permalink parent award report block reply NoahGav 0 points 6 hours ago If Trump is leading us to our demise then it's Trump leading us to our demise. It's not complicated. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 16 points 6 hours ago Getting harder and harder to distinguish Trump from a uniparty, republican hack. All these policies he's floated the last week sound like something Jeb Bush would do. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 15 points 6 hours ago If Trump served his base we would not even have this discussion and instead be hyper-enthusiastic. In addition the left would be utterly demotivated since we actually get what we vote for. This seems like a much better deal than what we do right now. permalink parent award report block reply
NoahGav 0 points 6 hours ago If Trump is leading us to our demise then it's Trump leading us to our demise. It's not complicated. permalink parent award report block reply
oldftg 32 points 8 hours ago Definitely not a good week. permalink award report block reply iamherefortheluls 30 points 7 hours ago we've not had good weeks since he flipped on Epstein. That was the point in the timeline when MAGA went out the window and became decoration on same old DC swamp shit. permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 30 points 7 hours ago we've not had good weeks since he flipped on Epstein. That was the point in the timeline when MAGA went out the window and became decoration on same old DC swamp shit. permalink parent award report block reply
RejectoftheRepublic 23 points 8 hours ago We must be loud and put the pressure on Trump to change course. He's had nothing but bad takes lately and we need to let the White House know this will lead to losing the midterms permalink award report block reply TheSwampThang 9 points 6 hours ago He doesn't care anymore now that he got elected.   Vance will run on " but tHe oThEr sIdE iS wOrSe!!" And he will loose dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 5 points 5 hours ago By “loose dramatically”, are you talking about our buttholes? permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 2 points 5 hours ago They ain't going stretch themselves permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 4 hours ago Touché permalink parent award report block reply
TheSwampThang 9 points 6 hours ago He doesn't care anymore now that he got elected.   Vance will run on " but tHe oThEr sIdE iS wOrSe!!" And he will loose dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 5 points 5 hours ago By “loose dramatically”, are you talking about our buttholes? permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 2 points 5 hours ago They ain't going stretch themselves permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 4 hours ago Touché permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 5 points 5 hours ago By “loose dramatically”, are you talking about our buttholes? permalink parent award report block reply TheSwampThang 2 points 5 hours ago They ain't going stretch themselves permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 4 hours ago Touché permalink parent award report block reply
TheSwampThang 2 points 5 hours ago They ain't going stretch themselves permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 4 hours ago Touché permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 1 points 4 hours ago Touché permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 15 points 7 hours ago Dooming is not criticism. Dooming is "everyone give up, stop trying." Criticism is valid. Dooming is a psyop. permalink award report block reply LatitudeofMind 1 points 3 hours ago What do we do now? Is the question permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 hours ago Trump listens to people. Let him, and your senators and representative, what you want from them. Get involved locally, as well, to make sure your local government knows this is unacceptable. permalink parent award report block reply
LatitudeofMind 1 points 3 hours ago What do we do now? Is the question permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 hours ago Trump listens to people. Let him, and your senators and representative, what you want from them. Get involved locally, as well, to make sure your local government knows this is unacceptable. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 2 hours ago Trump listens to people. Let him, and your senators and representative, what you want from them. Get involved locally, as well, to make sure your local government knows this is unacceptable. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 13 points 7 hours ago The shills know full well President Trump responds to his base. Which is why they're here in force to make sure President Trump's base doesn't complain about these pro globalist parties. Good thing President Trump took complete ownership of the globalist's war in the Ukraine, too. permalink award report block reply
covfefe77 13 points 8 hours ago drop these points in rsbn chat & they boot you, feels familiar permalink award report block reply
hewonbyalot701 12 points 6 hours ago and zero arrests permalink award report block reply sarsaparilla -1 points 4 hours ago who gives a fuck, honestly. do arrests fundamentally improve our lives? no. at this point I'm a single issue voter and that issue is migration. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 23 minutes ago Yes.  You arrest/incarcerate someone in a position to impede you and they can no longer impede you.  It really is not hard to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 1 points 29 minutes ago Yes, when the powers that be get seriously punished, they would be less inclined to act the way they do. Behavioral psychology 101, it's not rocket science. Allowing them to continue to roam free unimpeded only emboldens them to keep doing what they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
sarsaparilla -1 points 4 hours ago who gives a fuck, honestly. do arrests fundamentally improve our lives? no. at this point I'm a single issue voter and that issue is migration. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 23 minutes ago Yes.  You arrest/incarcerate someone in a position to impede you and they can no longer impede you.  It really is not hard to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply ShekelJa 1 points 29 minutes ago Yes, when the powers that be get seriously punished, they would be less inclined to act the way they do. Behavioral psychology 101, it's not rocket science. Allowing them to continue to roam free unimpeded only emboldens them to keep doing what they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
AccelerateAlready 1 points 23 minutes ago Yes.  You arrest/incarcerate someone in a position to impede you and they can no longer impede you.  It really is not hard to comprehend. permalink parent award report block reply
ShekelJa 1 points 29 minutes ago Yes, when the powers that be get seriously punished, they would be less inclined to act the way they do. Behavioral psychology 101, it's not rocket science. Allowing them to continue to roam free unimpeded only emboldens them to keep doing what they are doing. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 11 points 7 hours ago I voted for Trump and still got Kamala permalink award report block reply
RedFoxOnFire 10 points 6 hours ago "We must import foreign workers.  Also, we must import foreign students so they can be educated enough to be our foreign workers." I can't even say FML because it already is. permalink award report block reply
HanginChad 8 points 7 hours ago American go to shitty schools so they don't go out of business. Chinese go to good schools, they don't come here to go to shitty ones. Graduate shitty college can't even get a shitty job because an H1B has it. Can't get a factory job either because some other economic migrant has it. ??? Profit? permalink award report block reply
Chad_Prime 6 points 6 hours ago And don't forget about our do-nothing AG and DOJ. I hear the statute of limitations for J6 crimes is in 8 weeks. Anyone want to lay money on the table that we will see mass convictions levied against Pelosi and everyone else involved in orchestrating J6? Yeah, I didn't think so... permalink award report block reply
JDVance4President28 5 points 4 hours ago Bare minimum on mass deportations. EXTREME bare minimum on fighting the deep state. No accountability for campaign spying, COVID lies, election theft, Epstein/mossad blackmail or anything globalist tyranny. Still paying too much in taxes. Still seeing no movement in getting back gun rights. Still seeing lots of money going to other countries. Still seeing RINOs do nothing patriotic, let alone American first. permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 4 points 2 hours ago Only stormfags make doomer posts here and concern troll. You don't necessarily have to agree with everything Trump says but all you retards are basically saying you would rather lose the midterms or worse, vote for libtards just to spite Trump. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 54 minutes ago But muh Epstein jerk off material hasn't been released! permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 54 minutes ago But muh Epstein jerk off material hasn't been released! permalink parent award report block reply
sir_rockness 4 points 6 hours ago I wonder at what point we all realize he's listening to his Israeli masters? permalink award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 6 hours ago I have major concerns about my President. I have to believe it's bad advisors.  He's too mobile for dementia yet. permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 3 points 4 hours ago It's not bad advisers. It's business as usual unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply
JDVance4President28 3 points 4 hours ago It's not bad advisers. It's business as usual unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 2 points 6 hours ago They could have yeeted the real Trump and replaced him with AI and no one would even know it. It's verified that the white house released a AI version of Tump giving condolences after Charlie Kirks assassination................ permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 6 hours ago Wait what? You got a link? permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 1 points 6 hours ago Wait what? You got a link? permalink parent award report block reply
Mungo 1 points 6 hours ago Americans “Will” not work in factories. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 2 hours ago Feel betrayed.   You can't say shit like this at a time like this and think it will be ok.  At minimum I expected Mass Deportations and Accountability.   Not only aren't I getting that but and additional 600,000 Chinese and million Indians.   The Invasion is real frens and it isn't stopping until WE make it too painful for foreigners to live here permalink award report block reply
semblanceofsanity 1 points 5 hours ago We need culture change, but that won't happen by importing cheap labor. That will only happen when the lazy are kicked off the dole and American workers are paid wages that encourage people to seek those jobs. permalink award report block reply
dr_gonzo 0 points 2 hours ago I've been screaming on here for years now that Trump's achilles heal is government spending. That's the cause of #1, #2 & #3. So those don't surprise me one iota. I knew that's how he felt about it. Not only because he says so if you listen closely enough, but also because of his first term where he piled up more debt in one term than any president in history including Biden. This isn't a small problem. It's going to destroy Trump's legacy. Government spending is at the core of so many of our country's problems, and he just fucking ignores it entirely because he knows by definition he'd have to cut gibmedats, and he knows they poll well. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 53 minutes ago Now do Trump BEFORE the COVID psyop permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 53 minutes ago Now do Trump BEFORE the COVID psyop permalink parent award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 -3 points 6 hours ago Read and learn something. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP4pY/trumps-remarks-explained/c permalink award report block reply
Username_here -16 points 7 hours ago Well you will get your chance to vote for your beloved Democrats next year. permalink award report block reply Region 9 points 7 hours ago Only unintelligent people need to resort to using a strawman. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Region 9 points 7 hours ago Only unintelligent people need to resort to using a strawman. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpBetrays247 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply