47 U.S. foreign policy didn't create Islamic barbarism. posted 3 hours ago by _Liberty_Prime_ 9 comments award share report block Bosch Fawstin @TheBoschFawstin • 21h Despite what you hear, Muslims hated America long before the establishment of Israel, and Muslims have hated Jews for over a thousand years. And since no one was there to put the punk in his place, an old clip of Hitchens will have to do. America first faced Islam/Jihad in 1788.
9 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home) HaloGrow fallhollow 7 points 3 hours ago islam has hated everyone/everything that isn't islam since its beginning it first spread by the sword, and if the west doesn't get its act together, everyone is going to find out the hard way that islam will only be driven out by the sword too this is not hyperbole, the whole "religion" is a militant organization for spreading its perverse ideology permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 7 points 3 hours ago This is the same old bullshit from Islam that they've been doing for 1400 years, long before the U.S. ever existed. Bosch Fawstin is a brave patriot. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 3 points 3 hours ago the juice and puslims got along quite well after the juice opened the Gates of Toledo and let in the invading puslim horde.  under pisslamic rule, which lasted about 500-600 years, juice were granted special privileges.  so the whole "eternal enemies" bs is just another thing they lie about. permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 1 hour ago Ask him how many Islamic terror attacks America endured on our soil prior to 1948. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 2 minutes ago How many between 1948 and 1967? Sirhan the palestinian was the first islamic terrorist to attack on American soil, he killed our Health Secretary's father over his SUPPORT of Israel. Islamists have been trying to drive a wedge between Israel and America for decades. Now tell me how you support the killer of our Health Secretary's father by trying to whitewash his crimes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sirhan_Sirhan permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 2 hours ago wtf do people not get about “eternal enmity”? permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 1 hour ago Why do I have to choose who I hate? Jews and Muslims aren't Christians and both hate me equally. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 1 points 1 hour ago Yes. Because Christians are burning down your shit and murdering you constantly, right? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 53 minutes ago Exactly the opposite but the other two sides are permalink parent award report block reply
fallhollow 7 points 3 hours ago islam has hated everyone/everything that isn't islam since its beginning it first spread by the sword, and if the west doesn't get its act together, everyone is going to find out the hard way that islam will only be driven out by the sword too this is not hyperbole, the whole "religion" is a militant organization for spreading its perverse ideology permalink award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 7 points 3 hours ago This is the same old bullshit from Islam that they've been doing for 1400 years, long before the U.S. ever existed. Bosch Fawstin is a brave patriot. permalink award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 3 points 3 hours ago the juice and puslims got along quite well after the juice opened the Gates of Toledo and let in the invading puslim horde.  under pisslamic rule, which lasted about 500-600 years, juice were granted special privileges.  so the whole "eternal enemies" bs is just another thing they lie about. permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 1 hour ago Ask him how many Islamic terror attacks America endured on our soil prior to 1948. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 2 minutes ago How many between 1948 and 1967? Sirhan the palestinian was the first islamic terrorist to attack on American soil, he killed our Health Secretary's father over his SUPPORT of Israel. Islamists have been trying to drive a wedge between Israel and America for decades. Now tell me how you support the killer of our Health Secretary's father by trying to whitewash his crimes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sirhan_Sirhan permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 1 hour ago Ask him how many Islamic terror attacks America endured on our soil prior to 1948. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 2 minutes ago How many between 1948 and 1967? Sirhan the palestinian was the first islamic terrorist to attack on American soil, he killed our Health Secretary's father over his SUPPORT of Israel. Islamists have been trying to drive a wedge between Israel and America for decades. Now tell me how you support the killer of our Health Secretary's father by trying to whitewash his crimes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sirhan_Sirhan permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 1 points 2 minutes ago How many between 1948 and 1967? Sirhan the palestinian was the first islamic terrorist to attack on American soil, he killed our Health Secretary's father over his SUPPORT of Israel. Islamists have been trying to drive a wedge between Israel and America for decades. Now tell me how you support the killer of our Health Secretary's father by trying to whitewash his crimes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sirhan_Sirhan permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 3 points 2 hours ago wtf do people not get about “eternal enmity”? permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 1 points 1 hour ago Why do I have to choose who I hate? Jews and Muslims aren't Christians and both hate me equally. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 1 points 1 hour ago Yes. Because Christians are burning down your shit and murdering you constantly, right? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 53 minutes ago Exactly the opposite but the other two sides are permalink parent award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ OP 1 points 1 hour ago Yes. Because Christians are burning down your shit and murdering you constantly, right? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 53 minutes ago Exactly the opposite but the other two sides are permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 1 points 53 minutes ago Exactly the opposite but the other two sides are permalink parent award report block reply