25 Trump Allies Revolt Against Top Admin Official Who Gave President 50-Year Mortgage Idea (dailycaller.com) posted 2 hours ago by Sea_Still 14 comments award share report block Trump Allies Revolt Against Top Admin Official Who Gave President Housing Idea Trump allies have pushed back on Federal Housing Finance Agency Director Bill Pulte, who talked the president into pitching a 50-year mortgage plan. dailycaller.com
14 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save greatpumpkin 6 points 1 hour ago Seems there's still some common sense in the building. Gives me hope. permalink award report block reply Awakened 4 points 39 minutes ago Yep. Hopefully he has a come to Jesus moment on the other things like H1b that's gonna kill us in the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 1 hour ago Not the first time Pulte has been criticized as self-interested and short-sighted.  I think the howls of protest over the 50 year mortgage idea are way overblown.  I don't think it would do any actual harm, but probably would only really help a small number of people.  If it was going to be publicly proposed, there should have been better messaging preparation, since the general public is largely financially illiterate. permalink award report block reply rupok2 5 points 1 hour ago Are you kidding it would increase the real estate prices even higher due to letting people who shouldn't be buying at the current prices buy. Additionally it would pave the way for generational debt because lets be honest the only person winning here is the bank as most people won't live to see their 50 year mortgage paid off. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora -1 points 54 minutes ago NOBODY would keep the same mortgage for 50 years.  NOBODY.  Hardly anybody even keeps a 30 year mortgage for 30 years.  Doubtful that it would have any significant impact on home prices.  More likely that it would slightly increase the number of owners vs renters, and that's a good thing. There are a lot of potential benefits to having the 50 year option .  See my previous detailed comments on the subject: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9l8ZEn/fifty-year-mortgages-they-allow-/c/4eXuKkwPoUC https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9mFaBH/x/c/4eXuKkzp0Rt permalink parent award report block reply rupok2 3 points 48 minutes ago According to who? People are literally financially retarded as they come. They would 100% do the 50 year mortgage just like they spend 5x their yearly salary on cars at 20% rates. There are alot of retarded people you cal look at caleb hammers financial audit series. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 24 minutes ago Even the ones who are literally financially retarded aren't likely to do any worse with a 50 year mortgage than a 30 year mortgage.  They'd just refinance the 30 year multiple times, putting it 30 years out each time, and paying fees and probably taking out cash each time.  And they'd do that even of they only stayed in the home 8-10 years. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 40 minutes ago Of course they wouldn't. They would die before paying it off. Most of the people I know did 30 year mortgages.  Some, unfortunately, had to refinance and basically have a 50. I did 10. Anything more you're paying a ridiculous amount in interest. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 21 minutes ago The initial maturity date of the mortgage you buy a house with has virtually nothing to do with when you actually pay it off.  Most people will sell or refinance multiple times within even 30 years.  The dumb ones will keep taking cash out and going out another full 30 years every time they refinance or sell and buy a different home.  The smart ones will refi to a shorter term every tie interest rates drop significantly. permalink parent award report block reply TEXinLA -1 points 1 hour ago Who cares? Don't want a 50 year mortage? Don't get one. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 5 points 1 hour ago Who cares? Everyone should. 50 year mortgages do absolutely nothing to fix the real issues and in fact only serve to exacerbate the problem. You don't have to get one, sure, but what happens when millions of retards in this country do? What effect will that have on housing prices, do you reckon? permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 4 points 60 minutes ago you don't have to get one, but once other people start getting them, all houses will increase in price. then everyone pays. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus -1 points 1 hour ago Exactly.  It will at least help people not have to pay so much on monthly payment but still doesn't stop people from paying extra towards the balance. permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 6 points 1 hour ago Seems there's still some common sense in the building. Gives me hope. permalink award report block reply Awakened 4 points 39 minutes ago Yep. Hopefully he has a come to Jesus moment on the other things like H1b that's gonna kill us in the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 4 points 39 minutes ago Yep. Hopefully he has a come to Jesus moment on the other things like H1b that's gonna kill us in the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 2 points 1 hour ago Not the first time Pulte has been criticized as self-interested and short-sighted.  I think the howls of protest over the 50 year mortgage idea are way overblown.  I don't think it would do any actual harm, but probably would only really help a small number of people.  If it was going to be publicly proposed, there should have been better messaging preparation, since the general public is largely financially illiterate. permalink award report block reply rupok2 5 points 1 hour ago Are you kidding it would increase the real estate prices even higher due to letting people who shouldn't be buying at the current prices buy. Additionally it would pave the way for generational debt because lets be honest the only person winning here is the bank as most people won't live to see their 50 year mortgage paid off. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora -1 points 54 minutes ago NOBODY would keep the same mortgage for 50 years.  NOBODY.  Hardly anybody even keeps a 30 year mortgage for 30 years.  Doubtful that it would have any significant impact on home prices.  More likely that it would slightly increase the number of owners vs renters, and that's a good thing. There are a lot of potential benefits to having the 50 year option .  See my previous detailed comments on the subject: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9l8ZEn/fifty-year-mortgages-they-allow-/c/4eXuKkwPoUC https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9mFaBH/x/c/4eXuKkzp0Rt permalink parent award report block reply rupok2 3 points 48 minutes ago According to who? People are literally financially retarded as they come. They would 100% do the 50 year mortgage just like they spend 5x their yearly salary on cars at 20% rates. There are alot of retarded people you cal look at caleb hammers financial audit series. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 24 minutes ago Even the ones who are literally financially retarded aren't likely to do any worse with a 50 year mortgage than a 30 year mortgage.  They'd just refinance the 30 year multiple times, putting it 30 years out each time, and paying fees and probably taking out cash each time.  And they'd do that even of they only stayed in the home 8-10 years. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 40 minutes ago Of course they wouldn't. They would die before paying it off. Most of the people I know did 30 year mortgages.  Some, unfortunately, had to refinance and basically have a 50. I did 10. Anything more you're paying a ridiculous amount in interest. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 21 minutes ago The initial maturity date of the mortgage you buy a house with has virtually nothing to do with when you actually pay it off.  Most people will sell or refinance multiple times within even 30 years.  The dumb ones will keep taking cash out and going out another full 30 years every time they refinance or sell and buy a different home.  The smart ones will refi to a shorter term every tie interest rates drop significantly. permalink parent award report block reply
rupok2 5 points 1 hour ago Are you kidding it would increase the real estate prices even higher due to letting people who shouldn't be buying at the current prices buy. Additionally it would pave the way for generational debt because lets be honest the only person winning here is the bank as most people won't live to see their 50 year mortgage paid off. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora -1 points 54 minutes ago NOBODY would keep the same mortgage for 50 years.  NOBODY.  Hardly anybody even keeps a 30 year mortgage for 30 years.  Doubtful that it would have any significant impact on home prices.  More likely that it would slightly increase the number of owners vs renters, and that's a good thing. There are a lot of potential benefits to having the 50 year option .  See my previous detailed comments on the subject: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9l8ZEn/fifty-year-mortgages-they-allow-/c/4eXuKkwPoUC https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9mFaBH/x/c/4eXuKkzp0Rt permalink parent award report block reply rupok2 3 points 48 minutes ago According to who? People are literally financially retarded as they come. They would 100% do the 50 year mortgage just like they spend 5x their yearly salary on cars at 20% rates. There are alot of retarded people you cal look at caleb hammers financial audit series. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 24 minutes ago Even the ones who are literally financially retarded aren't likely to do any worse with a 50 year mortgage than a 30 year mortgage.  They'd just refinance the 30 year multiple times, putting it 30 years out each time, and paying fees and probably taking out cash each time.  And they'd do that even of they only stayed in the home 8-10 years. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 40 minutes ago Of course they wouldn't. They would die before paying it off. Most of the people I know did 30 year mortgages.  Some, unfortunately, had to refinance and basically have a 50. I did 10. Anything more you're paying a ridiculous amount in interest. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 21 minutes ago The initial maturity date of the mortgage you buy a house with has virtually nothing to do with when you actually pay it off.  Most people will sell or refinance multiple times within even 30 years.  The dumb ones will keep taking cash out and going out another full 30 years every time they refinance or sell and buy a different home.  The smart ones will refi to a shorter term every tie interest rates drop significantly. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora -1 points 54 minutes ago NOBODY would keep the same mortgage for 50 years.  NOBODY.  Hardly anybody even keeps a 30 year mortgage for 30 years.  Doubtful that it would have any significant impact on home prices.  More likely that it would slightly increase the number of owners vs renters, and that's a good thing. There are a lot of potential benefits to having the 50 year option .  See my previous detailed comments on the subject: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9l8ZEn/fifty-year-mortgages-they-allow-/c/4eXuKkwPoUC https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9mFaBH/x/c/4eXuKkzp0Rt permalink parent award report block reply rupok2 3 points 48 minutes ago According to who? People are literally financially retarded as they come. They would 100% do the 50 year mortgage just like they spend 5x their yearly salary on cars at 20% rates. There are alot of retarded people you cal look at caleb hammers financial audit series. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 24 minutes ago Even the ones who are literally financially retarded aren't likely to do any worse with a 50 year mortgage than a 30 year mortgage.  They'd just refinance the 30 year multiple times, putting it 30 years out each time, and paying fees and probably taking out cash each time.  And they'd do that even of they only stayed in the home 8-10 years. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 40 minutes ago Of course they wouldn't. They would die before paying it off. Most of the people I know did 30 year mortgages.  Some, unfortunately, had to refinance and basically have a 50. I did 10. Anything more you're paying a ridiculous amount in interest. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 21 minutes ago The initial maturity date of the mortgage you buy a house with has virtually nothing to do with when you actually pay it off.  Most people will sell or refinance multiple times within even 30 years.  The dumb ones will keep taking cash out and going out another full 30 years every time they refinance or sell and buy a different home.  The smart ones will refi to a shorter term every tie interest rates drop significantly. permalink parent award report block reply
rupok2 3 points 48 minutes ago According to who? People are literally financially retarded as they come. They would 100% do the 50 year mortgage just like they spend 5x their yearly salary on cars at 20% rates. There are alot of retarded people you cal look at caleb hammers financial audit series. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 24 minutes ago Even the ones who are literally financially retarded aren't likely to do any worse with a 50 year mortgage than a 30 year mortgage.  They'd just refinance the 30 year multiple times, putting it 30 years out each time, and paying fees and probably taking out cash each time.  And they'd do that even of they only stayed in the home 8-10 years. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 1 points 24 minutes ago Even the ones who are literally financially retarded aren't likely to do any worse with a 50 year mortgage than a 30 year mortgage.  They'd just refinance the 30 year multiple times, putting it 30 years out each time, and paying fees and probably taking out cash each time.  And they'd do that even of they only stayed in the home 8-10 years. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 40 minutes ago Of course they wouldn't. They would die before paying it off. Most of the people I know did 30 year mortgages.  Some, unfortunately, had to refinance and basically have a 50. I did 10. Anything more you're paying a ridiculous amount in interest. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 21 minutes ago The initial maturity date of the mortgage you buy a house with has virtually nothing to do with when you actually pay it off.  Most people will sell or refinance multiple times within even 30 years.  The dumb ones will keep taking cash out and going out another full 30 years every time they refinance or sell and buy a different home.  The smart ones will refi to a shorter term every tie interest rates drop significantly. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 0 points 21 minutes ago The initial maturity date of the mortgage you buy a house with has virtually nothing to do with when you actually pay it off.  Most people will sell or refinance multiple times within even 30 years.  The dumb ones will keep taking cash out and going out another full 30 years every time they refinance or sell and buy a different home.  The smart ones will refi to a shorter term every tie interest rates drop significantly. permalink parent award report block reply
TEXinLA -1 points 1 hour ago Who cares? Don't want a 50 year mortage? Don't get one. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 5 points 1 hour ago Who cares? Everyone should. 50 year mortgages do absolutely nothing to fix the real issues and in fact only serve to exacerbate the problem. You don't have to get one, sure, but what happens when millions of retards in this country do? What effect will that have on housing prices, do you reckon? permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 4 points 60 minutes ago you don't have to get one, but once other people start getting them, all houses will increase in price. then everyone pays. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus -1 points 1 hour ago Exactly.  It will at least help people not have to pay so much on monthly payment but still doesn't stop people from paying extra towards the balance. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 5 points 1 hour ago Who cares? Everyone should. 50 year mortgages do absolutely nothing to fix the real issues and in fact only serve to exacerbate the problem. You don't have to get one, sure, but what happens when millions of retards in this country do? What effect will that have on housing prices, do you reckon? permalink parent award report block reply
whatsupup 4 points 60 minutes ago you don't have to get one, but once other people start getting them, all houses will increase in price. then everyone pays. permalink parent award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus -1 points 1 hour ago Exactly.  It will at least help people not have to pay so much on monthly payment but still doesn't stop people from paying extra towards the balance. permalink parent award report block reply