741 He did not win, he was installed, like a toilet. posted 6 days ago by kek_saved_the_world 19 comments award share report block Sebastian™ @Azariel91 • 7d No identification = cheating. He did not win, he was installed, like a toilet.
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno spez_this 29 points 6 days ago "A  republic will collapse when citizens realize they can vote themselves benefits from the public treasury." - Benjamin Franklin permalink award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 18 points 6 days ago Most Americans have a normalcy bias, thinking X will never happen permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 6 days ago That's why educating them is crucial. Knowledge is power. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 2 points 6 days ago And maybe stop your intel agencies from cheating in your elections, as they just did for their CIA agent Abigail Spanberger, giving her multiple  illegal contributions with full pro Spanberger puff coverage on Fox each time Rich Edson gushed on her permalink parent award report block reply covfefe77 4 points 6 days ago & many women run their views / opinions through a consensus filter permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 9 points 6 days ago And he could end up President if we do not start re-educating young people really really fast. This is a job for legitimate Conservatives. Not the Woke Right. America is headed to a place far worse then it was under Biden. Trump is failing very very badly as he has not been able to bring the Traitors to Justice. If that does not happen America becomes something truly horrifying. Every victory Trump makes is entirely short lived and temporary if the Traitors cannot be brought to Justice and made into examples for future generations. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 6 days ago Yes. Join us and fight! permalink parent award report block reply Patriot4TN 8 points 6 days ago So was Obama. And yet here we are... permalink award report block reply HawkDriverMN 5 points 6 days ago Especially his 3rd term permalink parent award report block reply 26magarat 1 points 6 days ago And Biden. permalink parent award report block reply Patriot4TN 2 points 6 days ago I was going to say Biden, but he has identification.
Obama did not even have a legit birth certificate. permalink parent award report block reply Reddit2016 4 points 6 days ago During early voting they had election machines in the CASINO. Is that even legal?????????? permalink award report block reply Oleander 4 points 6 days ago That's not really fair to toilets. Toilets do something useful and take shit out of your home. Mamdani is the exact opposite. permalink award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 6 days ago Trees choosing the axe.  Exactly.  NYC will fall, and it should. permalink award report block reply Captiva 2 points 6 days ago "You don't understand what America is... It gives equal opportunity to everybody" As an American born and raised, I do not think YOU understand what America is. It is my home. It is not a free goodie bag of opportunity for everyone who comes along. permalink award report block reply KewMan 1 points 6 days ago You should be against muzzies too... permalink award report block reply Franklymydear 1 points 6 days ago Most Americans didn’t vote for him. And those that did were ignorant, white women. permalink award report block reply BasedMillennial 1 points 6 days ago I don't consider leftists Americans. permalink award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
spez_this 29 points 6 days ago "A  republic will collapse when citizens realize they can vote themselves benefits from the public treasury." - Benjamin Franklin permalink award report block reply
Thefrogeatsfree 18 points 6 days ago Most Americans have a normalcy bias, thinking X will never happen permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 6 days ago That's why educating them is crucial. Knowledge is power. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 2 points 6 days ago And maybe stop your intel agencies from cheating in your elections, as they just did for their CIA agent Abigail Spanberger, giving her multiple  illegal contributions with full pro Spanberger puff coverage on Fox each time Rich Edson gushed on her permalink parent award report block reply covfefe77 4 points 6 days ago & many women run their views / opinions through a consensus filter permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 6 days ago That's why educating them is crucial. Knowledge is power. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 2 points 6 days ago And maybe stop your intel agencies from cheating in your elections, as they just did for their CIA agent Abigail Spanberger, giving her multiple  illegal contributions with full pro Spanberger puff coverage on Fox each time Rich Edson gushed on her permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 2 points 6 days ago And maybe stop your intel agencies from cheating in your elections, as they just did for their CIA agent Abigail Spanberger, giving her multiple  illegal contributions with full pro Spanberger puff coverage on Fox each time Rich Edson gushed on her permalink parent award report block reply
covfefe77 4 points 6 days ago & many women run their views / opinions through a consensus filter permalink parent award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 9 points 6 days ago And he could end up President if we do not start re-educating young people really really fast. This is a job for legitimate Conservatives. Not the Woke Right. America is headed to a place far worse then it was under Biden. Trump is failing very very badly as he has not been able to bring the Traitors to Justice. If that does not happen America becomes something truly horrifying. Every victory Trump makes is entirely short lived and temporary if the Traitors cannot be brought to Justice and made into examples for future generations. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 6 days ago Yes. Join us and fight! permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 6 days ago Yes. Join us and fight! permalink parent award report block reply
Patriot4TN 8 points 6 days ago So was Obama. And yet here we are... permalink award report block reply HawkDriverMN 5 points 6 days ago Especially his 3rd term permalink parent award report block reply 26magarat 1 points 6 days ago And Biden. permalink parent award report block reply Patriot4TN 2 points 6 days ago I was going to say Biden, but he has identification.
Obama did not even have a legit birth certificate. permalink parent award report block reply
HawkDriverMN 5 points 6 days ago Especially his 3rd term permalink parent award report block reply
26magarat 1 points 6 days ago And Biden. permalink parent award report block reply Patriot4TN 2 points 6 days ago I was going to say Biden, but he has identification.
Obama did not even have a legit birth certificate. permalink parent award report block reply
Patriot4TN 2 points 6 days ago I was going to say Biden, but he has identification.
Obama did not even have a legit birth certificate. permalink parent award report block reply
Reddit2016 4 points 6 days ago During early voting they had election machines in the CASINO. Is that even legal?????????? permalink award report block reply
Oleander 4 points 6 days ago That's not really fair to toilets. Toilets do something useful and take shit out of your home. Mamdani is the exact opposite. permalink award report block reply
COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 6 days ago Trees choosing the axe.  Exactly.  NYC will fall, and it should. permalink award report block reply
Captiva 2 points 6 days ago "You don't understand what America is... It gives equal opportunity to everybody" As an American born and raised, I do not think YOU understand what America is. It is my home. It is not a free goodie bag of opportunity for everyone who comes along. permalink award report block reply
KewMan 1 points 6 days ago You should be against muzzies too... permalink award report block reply
Franklymydear 1 points 6 days ago Most Americans didn’t vote for him. And those that did were ignorant, white women. permalink award report block reply
BasedMillennial 1 points 6 days ago I don't consider leftists Americans. permalink award report block reply
NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply