757 Will Cain RIPS H-1B scam, says "70% of H-1B visa holders come from INDIA."

"Another 10-15% from China. 80% of H-1B approvals are for ENTRY and JUNIOR-level jobs!"

"That's a little hard to stomach when we hear we're not talented or skilled enough, when you consider most are entry-or-junior level." posted 15 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 42 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 17h 🚨 BREAKING: Will Cain RIPS H-1B scam, says "70% of H-1B visa holders come from INDIA." "Another 10-15% from China. 80% of H-1B approvals are for ENTRY and JUNIOR-level jobs!" "That's a little hard to stomach when we hear we're not talented or skilled enough, when you consider
42 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save fskfsk 49 points 15 hours ago There are a ton of US citizen software/STEM grads that are out of work.  All the entry level jobs are now offshore or H1b-only. Once they see that software is a "white males not welcome" career, all the talented US citizens will do something else.  Quite frankly, learning software is an idiot career move.  Your lose your job to offshore/H1b, and you're seen as washed-up at age 40. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 29 points 14 hours ago Only because of H1Bs. If not the market would value experience. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 12 points 14 hours ago Exactly.  If they have the choice between a 40+ year old US citizen and an H1b, they pick the H1b every time. permalink parent award report block reply roarkh1777 9 points 14 hours ago What they're doing is advertising the job as entry level paying around 100K, the same level as it was 20 years ago. But instead of hiring true entry-level candidates, they're hiring [5-7 years experienced in wipro/infosys/tcs/accenture] assholes who would gladly take the role for that money I'm hoping the 100K fee will prevent most of this abuse,  but not too sure. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 7 points 14 hours ago 100k fee is per new visa, not per year, and renewals don't count.  If you figure 5 years, it comes out to only $20k/year. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 13 hours ago cost slave go up! cost slave go up! you pay now! permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago That's not for existing, only new applicants and some other limitation*. Those here, he wants to naturalize. *u/Beachhead ah yes, one time also, that's right permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 14 hours ago I've seen AI writing code a few years ago. I can't imagine what it can do now. I've said before that its on the cusp of taking the majority of these h1b jobs. If Americans can't have them, then fuck it. Let the computers have them. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 2 points 10 hours ago AI is still a lot more hype than substance.  It is nowhere close to "give AI a specification, it pumps out working software". permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 39 minutes ago You obviously don't use it. It can fluently write java and correct its own mistakes. That's India's number one coding language because they teach it in grade school (limitedly) permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 12 hours ago Still need people who know what they're doing to review the code. permalink parent award report block reply MapleMAGA 2 points 13 hours ago These Indian workers are paying companies to hire them, in Canada a job goes for $30k to $80k. Sometimes it’s an actual job and some of the money gets paid back out, sometimes it’s a fake job and the workers are working at Walmart instead. We can’t compete against these people, it’s not the system we are used to. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 5 points 12 hours ago That's because Indians are making all the hiring decisions.  India has a high culture of corruption and bribes are commonplace. Most industries are a monopoly/oligopoly.  It makes no difference these corporations are overpaying for software that doesn't work.  Their few competitors are doing the exact same thing and their monopoly/oligopoly market position protects them from competition and consequences. permalink parent award report block reply PeaceMakerDJT 28 points 14 hours ago Trump sold us out. Been a huge supporter and still am because there's no better option but it looks like it. permalink award report block reply PoopJeet -18 points 14 hours ago Nah. He increased the fee on H1B's recently from 1k to 100k how is that selling us out? His recent comments are troubling though. permalink parent award report block reply Beachhead 11 points 14 hours ago If it's not an annual fee, it's not going to do much. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 6 points 14 hours ago TY, that was the other part I was missing in my Comment here. permalink parent award report block reply PoopJeet 0 points 11 hours ago It's a hell of an improvement over the measly 1k it was before. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 16 points 15 hours ago Curious as to why we are getting spammed with pro-h1b content?  "Someone" is now offering $3-5k PER POST of "pro-h1b" content! https://x.com/Will_Panic/status/1988676599303270490 permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 14 points 14 hours ago Yep. And layoffs happening all the time. Layoff and then replace with a new H1B permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 14 hours ago [In the vein of The Shining twins] Play Globalism with us. Forever. And. Ever. And. Ever. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 11 points 14 hours ago Trump really stepped in it this time, and I wish he would listen to his supporters on this issue. He’s obviously using it as leverage with India, but it’s hurting citizens in the long run. permalink award report block reply Dizzy77 8 points 14 hours ago The problem gets worse as previous H1Bs naturally prefer to hire from their own in-group (in this case, other Indians) permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago HR sinkhole permalink parent award report block reply ThreeTimeTrumper 7 points 14 hours ago Banger Fox News segment. We need to hire Americans in STEM. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 6 points 14 hours ago No chinese or indians. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 6 points 15 hours ago The entry level and junior jobs have to train the senior dumbass Americans who to do the jobs they’ve been doing for 20 years, duh. permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 5 points 13 hours ago I know an Ethiopian that went through entry schooling certification for HVAC. Had failed 3x. Then 'passed'. Never bought the discounted tools. Doesn't do HVAC. Credentialed. permalink parent award report block reply DEUSVEULT232 5 points 15 hours ago We Americans are too stupid. We can't compete with the genius of people who do not have running water. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 11 hours ago /s permalink parent award report block reply MemeLawd 5 points 14 hours ago Male America India! That's what I voted for permalink award report block reply MapleMAGA 5 points 13 hours ago In Canada 🇨🇦 Indians have set up fake businesses, they charge foreign workers $30k to $80k to be “hired”. This is an immigration scam, it’s a way to get into Canada. The foreign workers then go an get jobs that pay them, they also take all the social services they can, go to food banks for food, subsidize housing… whatever extras they can find. They also have been getting into organized crime, shoplifting, extortion, drug dealing and gun trafficking. Paying a company for a job is nothing compared to how much these people are sucking out of our system. permalink award report block reply akdulj 4 points 12 hours ago If there was anything Trump could do to actually affect my life for the better, it would be to ban H1B visas. Fuck NAFTA. Fuck India. Fuck Israel. Fuck globalism. permalink award report block reply joesfbi 4 points 14 hours ago Honestly just go nuclear and destroy the visa completely. Muh need talent was always a lie. There are plenty of coding camps out there to train Americans. Not another job stealing h1b crap. permalink award report block reply HumanSomewhere 3 points 12 hours ago Instead of having jobs available for our children coming out of college or tech schools, corpos prefer to get indentured servants from abroad they can pay pennies on the dollar.  It should not be allowed. permalink award report block reply BidenSniffsLittleKid 3 points 14 hours ago Hear hear permalink award report block reply wokemustdie 2 points 9 hours ago Fucking street shitters are like locusts.  They may not be like the Muslim orcs and blow shit up but they are disgustingly cheap, status signaling,  dishonest and do not integrate. I've worked with them in tech and they just pass me of, they always seek status demanding job title upgrades,  seek dominance over new Indian staff, ask stupid jargon filled questions in meetings when higher management sir in,  lie and cover up mistakes, in training courses seek to be the smartest in the class when they aren't, and when old hardware is given to staff they will take as much as they can then sell it online. They just make things worse and we all know it. Every country they invade on mass ends up worse off. permalink award report block reply IWI9000 2 points 3 hours ago That is complete BS, tons of experienced based positions are replaced with multiple H1-Bs. Don't forget, the lower base employees then prevent any upward mobility and fill more experienced rolls at a much lower rate. What kills me is companies lose trillions on bad software and data, since they are so cheap and take shortcuts. I have seen one critical thinking seasoned IT engineer or SA solve problems in hours thay armies of overseas based consultants and engineers sat on for months. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 2 points 10 hours ago And the icing on the cake - at least in my experience - is a lot of these H1Bs are given a free ride by schools here in the States for Masters degrees to make them more competitive against American workers. permalink award report block reply Lynnforthetruth 2 points 3 hours ago I read an article years ago that India H-1B job holders qualifications are faked. Never went to college. They bought degrees. permalink award report block reply Gyrfalcon 1 points 2 hours ago I've worked with them. ALL H-1B job holders qualifications are faked! permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 1 points 11 hours ago While correct this is the miga wing of rinos speaking.. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -10 points 14 hours ago I'm pretty sure these are not the jobs Trump was  talking about let's use a little bit of common Sense here. permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 11 points 14 hours ago Common sense tells us we're fools permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 49 points 15 hours ago There are a ton of US citizen software/STEM grads that are out of work.  All the entry level jobs are now offshore or H1b-only. Once they see that software is a "white males not welcome" career, all the talented US citizens will do something else.  Quite frankly, learning software is an idiot career move.  Your lose your job to offshore/H1b, and you're seen as washed-up at age 40. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 29 points 14 hours ago Only because of H1Bs. If not the market would value experience. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 12 points 14 hours ago Exactly.  If they have the choice between a 40+ year old US citizen and an H1b, they pick the H1b every time. permalink parent award report block reply roarkh1777 9 points 14 hours ago What they're doing is advertising the job as entry level paying around 100K, the same level as it was 20 years ago. But instead of hiring true entry-level candidates, they're hiring [5-7 years experienced in wipro/infosys/tcs/accenture] assholes who would gladly take the role for that money I'm hoping the 100K fee will prevent most of this abuse,  but not too sure. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 7 points 14 hours ago 100k fee is per new visa, not per year, and renewals don't count.  If you figure 5 years, it comes out to only $20k/year. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 13 hours ago cost slave go up! cost slave go up! you pay now! permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago That's not for existing, only new applicants and some other limitation*. Those here, he wants to naturalize. *u/Beachhead ah yes, one time also, that's right permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 14 hours ago I've seen AI writing code a few years ago. I can't imagine what it can do now. I've said before that its on the cusp of taking the majority of these h1b jobs. If Americans can't have them, then fuck it. Let the computers have them. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 2 points 10 hours ago AI is still a lot more hype than substance.  It is nowhere close to "give AI a specification, it pumps out working software". permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 39 minutes ago You obviously don't use it. It can fluently write java and correct its own mistakes. That's India's number one coding language because they teach it in grade school (limitedly) permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 12 hours ago Still need people who know what they're doing to review the code. permalink parent award report block reply MapleMAGA 2 points 13 hours ago These Indian workers are paying companies to hire them, in Canada a job goes for $30k to $80k. Sometimes it’s an actual job and some of the money gets paid back out, sometimes it’s a fake job and the workers are working at Walmart instead. We can’t compete against these people, it’s not the system we are used to. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 5 points 12 hours ago That's because Indians are making all the hiring decisions.  India has a high culture of corruption and bribes are commonplace. Most industries are a monopoly/oligopoly.  It makes no difference these corporations are overpaying for software that doesn't work.  Their few competitors are doing the exact same thing and their monopoly/oligopoly market position protects them from competition and consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 29 points 14 hours ago Only because of H1Bs. If not the market would value experience. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 12 points 14 hours ago Exactly.  If they have the choice between a 40+ year old US citizen and an H1b, they pick the H1b every time. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 12 points 14 hours ago Exactly.  If they have the choice between a 40+ year old US citizen and an H1b, they pick the H1b every time. permalink parent award report block reply
roarkh1777 9 points 14 hours ago What they're doing is advertising the job as entry level paying around 100K, the same level as it was 20 years ago. But instead of hiring true entry-level candidates, they're hiring [5-7 years experienced in wipro/infosys/tcs/accenture] assholes who would gladly take the role for that money I'm hoping the 100K fee will prevent most of this abuse,  but not too sure. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 7 points 14 hours ago 100k fee is per new visa, not per year, and renewals don't count.  If you figure 5 years, it comes out to only $20k/year. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 13 hours ago cost slave go up! cost slave go up! you pay now! permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago That's not for existing, only new applicants and some other limitation*. Those here, he wants to naturalize. *u/Beachhead ah yes, one time also, that's right permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 7 points 14 hours ago 100k fee is per new visa, not per year, and renewals don't count.  If you figure 5 years, it comes out to only $20k/year. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 13 hours ago cost slave go up! cost slave go up! you pay now! permalink parent award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 1 points 13 hours ago cost slave go up! cost slave go up! you pay now! permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago That's not for existing, only new applicants and some other limitation*. Those here, he wants to naturalize. *u/Beachhead ah yes, one time also, that's right permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 14 hours ago I've seen AI writing code a few years ago. I can't imagine what it can do now. I've said before that its on the cusp of taking the majority of these h1b jobs. If Americans can't have them, then fuck it. Let the computers have them. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 2 points 10 hours ago AI is still a lot more hype than substance.  It is nowhere close to "give AI a specification, it pumps out working software". permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 39 minutes ago You obviously don't use it. It can fluently write java and correct its own mistakes. That's India's number one coding language because they teach it in grade school (limitedly) permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 12 hours ago Still need people who know what they're doing to review the code. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 2 points 10 hours ago AI is still a lot more hype than substance.  It is nowhere close to "give AI a specification, it pumps out working software". permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 39 minutes ago You obviously don't use it. It can fluently write java and correct its own mistakes. That's India's number one coding language because they teach it in grade school (limitedly) permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 1 points 39 minutes ago You obviously don't use it. It can fluently write java and correct its own mistakes. That's India's number one coding language because they teach it in grade school (limitedly) permalink parent award report block reply
BadManOrange 1 points 12 hours ago Still need people who know what they're doing to review the code. permalink parent award report block reply
MapleMAGA 2 points 13 hours ago These Indian workers are paying companies to hire them, in Canada a job goes for $30k to $80k. Sometimes it’s an actual job and some of the money gets paid back out, sometimes it’s a fake job and the workers are working at Walmart instead. We can’t compete against these people, it’s not the system we are used to. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 5 points 12 hours ago That's because Indians are making all the hiring decisions.  India has a high culture of corruption and bribes are commonplace. Most industries are a monopoly/oligopoly.  It makes no difference these corporations are overpaying for software that doesn't work.  Their few competitors are doing the exact same thing and their monopoly/oligopoly market position protects them from competition and consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 5 points 12 hours ago That's because Indians are making all the hiring decisions.  India has a high culture of corruption and bribes are commonplace. Most industries are a monopoly/oligopoly.  It makes no difference these corporations are overpaying for software that doesn't work.  Their few competitors are doing the exact same thing and their monopoly/oligopoly market position protects them from competition and consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
PeaceMakerDJT 28 points 14 hours ago Trump sold us out. Been a huge supporter and still am because there's no better option but it looks like it. permalink award report block reply PoopJeet -18 points 14 hours ago Nah. He increased the fee on H1B's recently from 1k to 100k how is that selling us out? His recent comments are troubling though. permalink parent award report block reply Beachhead 11 points 14 hours ago If it's not an annual fee, it's not going to do much. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 6 points 14 hours ago TY, that was the other part I was missing in my Comment here. permalink parent award report block reply PoopJeet 0 points 11 hours ago It's a hell of an improvement over the measly 1k it was before. permalink parent award report block reply
PoopJeet -18 points 14 hours ago Nah. He increased the fee on H1B's recently from 1k to 100k how is that selling us out? His recent comments are troubling though. permalink parent award report block reply Beachhead 11 points 14 hours ago If it's not an annual fee, it's not going to do much. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 6 points 14 hours ago TY, that was the other part I was missing in my Comment here. permalink parent award report block reply PoopJeet 0 points 11 hours ago It's a hell of an improvement over the measly 1k it was before. permalink parent award report block reply
Beachhead 11 points 14 hours ago If it's not an annual fee, it's not going to do much. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 6 points 14 hours ago TY, that was the other part I was missing in my Comment here. permalink parent award report block reply PoopJeet 0 points 11 hours ago It's a hell of an improvement over the measly 1k it was before. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 6 points 14 hours ago TY, that was the other part I was missing in my Comment here. permalink parent award report block reply
PoopJeet 0 points 11 hours ago It's a hell of an improvement over the measly 1k it was before. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 16 points 15 hours ago Curious as to why we are getting spammed with pro-h1b content?  "Someone" is now offering $3-5k PER POST of "pro-h1b" content! https://x.com/Will_Panic/status/1988676599303270490 permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 14 points 14 hours ago Yep. And layoffs happening all the time. Layoff and then replace with a new H1B permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 3 points 14 hours ago [In the vein of The Shining twins] Play Globalism with us. Forever. And. Ever. And. Ever. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 3 points 14 hours ago [In the vein of The Shining twins] Play Globalism with us. Forever. And. Ever. And. Ever. permalink parent award report block reply
SurfandTurf 11 points 14 hours ago Trump really stepped in it this time, and I wish he would listen to his supporters on this issue. He’s obviously using it as leverage with India, but it’s hurting citizens in the long run. permalink award report block reply
Dizzy77 8 points 14 hours ago The problem gets worse as previous H1Bs naturally prefer to hire from their own in-group (in this case, other Indians) permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago HR sinkhole permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 2 points 14 hours ago HR sinkhole permalink parent award report block reply
ThreeTimeTrumper 7 points 14 hours ago Banger Fox News segment. We need to hire Americans in STEM. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 6 points 14 hours ago No chinese or indians. permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 6 points 15 hours ago The entry level and junior jobs have to train the senior dumbass Americans who to do the jobs they’ve been doing for 20 years, duh. permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 5 points 13 hours ago I know an Ethiopian that went through entry schooling certification for HVAC. Had failed 3x. Then 'passed'. Never bought the discounted tools. Doesn't do HVAC. Credentialed. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 5 points 13 hours ago I know an Ethiopian that went through entry schooling certification for HVAC. Had failed 3x. Then 'passed'. Never bought the discounted tools. Doesn't do HVAC. Credentialed. permalink parent award report block reply
DEUSVEULT232 5 points 15 hours ago We Americans are too stupid. We can't compete with the genius of people who do not have running water. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 11 hours ago /s permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 11 hours ago /s permalink parent award report block reply
MemeLawd 5 points 14 hours ago Male America India! That's what I voted for permalink award report block reply
MapleMAGA 5 points 13 hours ago In Canada 🇨🇦 Indians have set up fake businesses, they charge foreign workers $30k to $80k to be “hired”. This is an immigration scam, it’s a way to get into Canada. The foreign workers then go an get jobs that pay them, they also take all the social services they can, go to food banks for food, subsidize housing… whatever extras they can find. They also have been getting into organized crime, shoplifting, extortion, drug dealing and gun trafficking. Paying a company for a job is nothing compared to how much these people are sucking out of our system. permalink award report block reply
akdulj 4 points 12 hours ago If there was anything Trump could do to actually affect my life for the better, it would be to ban H1B visas. Fuck NAFTA. Fuck India. Fuck Israel. Fuck globalism. permalink award report block reply
joesfbi 4 points 14 hours ago Honestly just go nuclear and destroy the visa completely. Muh need talent was always a lie. There are plenty of coding camps out there to train Americans. Not another job stealing h1b crap. permalink award report block reply
HumanSomewhere 3 points 12 hours ago Instead of having jobs available for our children coming out of college or tech schools, corpos prefer to get indentured servants from abroad they can pay pennies on the dollar.  It should not be allowed. permalink award report block reply
BidenSniffsLittleKid 3 points 14 hours ago Hear hear permalink award report block reply
wokemustdie 2 points 9 hours ago Fucking street shitters are like locusts.  They may not be like the Muslim orcs and blow shit up but they are disgustingly cheap, status signaling,  dishonest and do not integrate. I've worked with them in tech and they just pass me of, they always seek status demanding job title upgrades,  seek dominance over new Indian staff, ask stupid jargon filled questions in meetings when higher management sir in,  lie and cover up mistakes, in training courses seek to be the smartest in the class when they aren't, and when old hardware is given to staff they will take as much as they can then sell it online. They just make things worse and we all know it. Every country they invade on mass ends up worse off. permalink award report block reply
IWI9000 2 points 3 hours ago That is complete BS, tons of experienced based positions are replaced with multiple H1-Bs. Don't forget, the lower base employees then prevent any upward mobility and fill more experienced rolls at a much lower rate. What kills me is companies lose trillions on bad software and data, since they are so cheap and take shortcuts. I have seen one critical thinking seasoned IT engineer or SA solve problems in hours thay armies of overseas based consultants and engineers sat on for months. permalink award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 2 points 10 hours ago And the icing on the cake - at least in my experience - is a lot of these H1Bs are given a free ride by schools here in the States for Masters degrees to make them more competitive against American workers. permalink award report block reply
Lynnforthetruth 2 points 3 hours ago I read an article years ago that India H-1B job holders qualifications are faked. Never went to college. They bought degrees. permalink award report block reply Gyrfalcon 1 points 2 hours ago I've worked with them. ALL H-1B job holders qualifications are faked! permalink parent award report block reply
Gyrfalcon 1 points 2 hours ago I've worked with them. ALL H-1B job holders qualifications are faked! permalink parent award report block reply
BarrysOFace 1 points 11 hours ago While correct this is the miga wing of rinos speaking.. permalink award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 -10 points 14 hours ago I'm pretty sure these are not the jobs Trump was  talking about let's use a little bit of common Sense here. permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 11 points 14 hours ago Common sense tells us we're fools permalink parent award report block reply
MemeLawd 11 points 14 hours ago Common sense tells us we're fools permalink parent award report block reply