412 "there is zero excuse to them removing 100% of H1B's, it would improve jobs and housing almost overnight." posted 3 days ago by bleeje 12 comments award share report block Paladin (author) @PurgePaladin • 7d @northeast_pine @JDVance there is zero excuse to them removing 100% of H1B's, it would improve jobs and housing almost overnight.
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness HaloGrow Shitsbrokeyo 19 points 3 days ago Do all visas. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 7 points 3 days ago Nicola Tesla, one of the world's most brilliant men, came here in 1884.  Clearly whatever we were doing immigration wise back then worked, so let's go back to whatever we were doing in 1884! permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 6 points 3 days ago Great Scott! Back to the Delorean Marty! permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 days ago Elon is working out. But he and Tesla are outliers. permalink parent award report block reply BurgerMan 3 points 2 days ago Simple. That time the world sewage didn't had a free entry in the US. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago Yes, PERM is the killer. All these Indian executives are on PERM. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 2 days ago Perm is just the process not a visa. Oddly enough: "The primary goal of the PERM labor certification is to protect U.S. workers and the labor market by ensuring that foreign workers are not displacing equally qualified U.S. workers." permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 12 points 3 days ago Nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. permalink award report block reply imafarttrustme 9 points 3 days ago I've come up with an idea. Since these corporations are importing labor from all these jeets, why not tariff the salaries that are being paid to them? And not some bullshit discounted tariff. Full fuck off we don't want you here rate. permalink award report block reply RagnarD 4 points 3 days ago That's what i've been saying too. If we're going to put tariffs on imports from India then we should tariff the hell out of the most destructive one, the pajeet. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Taxing their remittances enough to make them self deport would do it permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 19 points 3 days ago Do all visas. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 7 points 3 days ago Nicola Tesla, one of the world's most brilliant men, came here in 1884.  Clearly whatever we were doing immigration wise back then worked, so let's go back to whatever we were doing in 1884! permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 6 points 3 days ago Great Scott! Back to the Delorean Marty! permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 days ago Elon is working out. But he and Tesla are outliers. permalink parent award report block reply BurgerMan 3 points 2 days ago Simple. That time the world sewage didn't had a free entry in the US. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago Yes, PERM is the killer. All these Indian executives are on PERM. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 2 days ago Perm is just the process not a visa. Oddly enough: "The primary goal of the PERM labor certification is to protect U.S. workers and the labor market by ensuring that foreign workers are not displacing equally qualified U.S. workers." permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 7 points 3 days ago Nicola Tesla, one of the world's most brilliant men, came here in 1884.  Clearly whatever we were doing immigration wise back then worked, so let's go back to whatever we were doing in 1884! permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 6 points 3 days ago Great Scott! Back to the Delorean Marty! permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 days ago Elon is working out. But he and Tesla are outliers. permalink parent award report block reply BurgerMan 3 points 2 days ago Simple. That time the world sewage didn't had a free entry in the US. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 6 points 3 days ago Great Scott! Back to the Delorean Marty! permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 days ago Elon is working out. But he and Tesla are outliers. permalink parent award report block reply
BurgerMan 3 points 2 days ago Simple. That time the world sewage didn't had a free entry in the US. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago Yes, PERM is the killer. All these Indian executives are on PERM. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 2 days ago Perm is just the process not a visa. Oddly enough: "The primary goal of the PERM labor certification is to protect U.S. workers and the labor market by ensuring that foreign workers are not displacing equally qualified U.S. workers." permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 2 days ago Perm is just the process not a visa. Oddly enough: "The primary goal of the PERM labor certification is to protect U.S. workers and the labor market by ensuring that foreign workers are not displacing equally qualified U.S. workers." permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 12 points 3 days ago Nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. permalink award report block reply
imafarttrustme 9 points 3 days ago I've come up with an idea. Since these corporations are importing labor from all these jeets, why not tariff the salaries that are being paid to them? And not some bullshit discounted tariff. Full fuck off we don't want you here rate. permalink award report block reply RagnarD 4 points 3 days ago That's what i've been saying too. If we're going to put tariffs on imports from India then we should tariff the hell out of the most destructive one, the pajeet. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Taxing their remittances enough to make them self deport would do it permalink parent award report block reply
RagnarD 4 points 3 days ago That's what i've been saying too. If we're going to put tariffs on imports from India then we should tariff the hell out of the most destructive one, the pajeet. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Taxing their remittances enough to make them self deport would do it permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Taxing their remittances enough to make them self deport would do it permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply