612 I'm fine with half the colleges in the US going out of business if it means not letting in 600,000 Chinese spies SAVE AMERICA posted 1 day ago by NC_patriot 74 comments award share report block Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 2d NOW - Trump says 600,000 Chinese students coming to the U.S. is a pro-MAGA stance because "you would have half the colleges in the United States go out of business... I know what MAGA wants better than anybody else."
74 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save deleted 65 points 1 day ago NC_patriot OP 24 points 1 day ago They sure do. permalink parent award report block reply BarronVonSaltzburg26 11 points 1 day ago Better idea, send them to China and return the manufacturing businesses. permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 5 points 21 hours ago Trump is wrong on this one.  I bet this was part of the deal when he went to China. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 3 points 16 hours ago The business model is antiquated and was intended to be a luxury product for spoiled rich kids with old money. The entire university system is based on that. Now, we're asking it to educate 40% of the population and provide an adult daycare and spa service to brats who just want to drink, get high, and smash instead of study. The model was unsustainable 2 decades ago. Obama broke it more by federalizing the student loan system and turning it into a rubber stamp processing system for debt-slavery. The system should have been allowed to fail in 2012. There is no "too big to fail." We should have learned that lesson. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 37 points 1 day ago Why can’t the Chinese learn things in China? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 27 points 1 day ago There's less to steal from the college over there. Over here they can enroll in cutting edge programs with billions in funding and send off the proprietary data in an email. It's happening all the time now permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 6 points 23 hours ago They also take out as many credit cards as they possibly can. Load all of them up and then fuck off back to their shitholes when their visas expire. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 5 points 1 day ago ☝☝☝☝🎯 permalink parent award report block reply NC_patriot OP 10 points 1 day ago Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 16 hours ago You can't steal American technology or spread communists to America in China. You have to go to America to do that. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 25 points 1 day ago Clearly not. Fuck China. Fuck the college industry and fuck this plan permalink award report block reply GoldenSpirals 15 points 1 day ago I think they replaced Trump with a clone or something permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 7 points 1 day ago Yes, what has happened to him? permalink parent award report block reply ACActual 13 points 1 day ago WTF is he thinking?  He sounds just like Larry Summers!  He not talking to normal people anymore.  Oligarchs only.  For the first time since 2016 Trump pissed me off like Democrats do.  Still can't believe he said not allowing 600,000 CCP Spies in would close Black Colleges.  WTF?  Dumbest shit I've heard come out of his mouth since his stance on H1B'S.   Were so fucked permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 6 points 24 hours ago Maybe he needs to start rallies again to reconnect with the people. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 5 points 20 hours ago He needs to hear the boos permalink parent award report block reply expertnoticer 2 points 21 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply loooooof 13 points 1 day ago S t0p being anti- M AGA, d00mers ! permalink award report block reply JerryNadlerBeltFund 9 points 1 day ago Make Asia Great Again? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 6 points 1 day ago Panicans! permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply hairless_ap3 12 points 1 day ago How about fuck off 600,000 times If CHYNA is so great, why don't they go to Chinese colleges? permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 11 points 1 day ago Colleges are the ones pumping out most of the commies and antifa terrorists. Why would Trump do them and China a favor? Make no sense and certainly not an America first position. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 4 points 1 day ago Gotta teach the Chinese the important lessons of not being antisemitic permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Gee I don’t know. Maybe we are spying on them. They are paying tuition. Many of here for advanced degrees are generating research we get to use. Some number get converted to double agents or may be more compliant if they become leaders due to their time in the US permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -1 points 19 hours ago Maybe it’s because he isn’t doing anything. This has been the status since before he was in office. How do you retards not know this. And you don’t know what opportunities this gives intel to gain insight on Chinese goals permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 9 points 24 hours ago I know what MAGA wants better than anybody else. This is more offensive than what he said about Chinese students. Based on this past year he doesn't know what the fuck MAGA means. What, endorsing Lindsey Graham and Randy Fine? Fuck off. permalink award report block reply ThunderGatti 8 points 23 hours ago What a terrible answer. I just got done defending this guy in another post, and he says this shit? This is not America First. Pathetic. He really needs to shut the fuck up with this idea that HE dictates what is MAGA. Things that are MAGA are self evident permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 6 points 23 hours ago I don't know what's happening to him. He seems to be losing touch with his base. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 0 points 20 hours ago He's thinking economics rather than MAGA. The economic system would collapse if we actually deported all the illegals and stopped allowing foreign nationals to take all the college admissions slots. He doesn't want the collapse of the system... and is willing to abandon MAGA if that's what is required. Perhaps it's a good thing in the long run.  Perhaps the collapse of system will allow the Communists to take over.  That's what the Communists are thinking right now.... that's why Antifa are becoming more active at the moment. The smart thing for Trump to do is quietly arrest a large number of known top level traitors then declare Martial Law after shutting down the airwaves. The USA is going to go dark anyway.  We might as well start the ball rolling when we have the military. The nation stands on the edge of a knife. On one side is MAGA... on the other side is a Communist Hell Hole.  Trump is balancing on the handle. permalink parent award report block reply Antemalagon 7 points 22 hours ago Colleges aren't adding value anyways, just more anti american insurgents. permalink award report block reply Dallasguy 6 points 1 day ago I'm fine with every college going out of business if it means letting in zero Chinese spies. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago Its insane. If even only 1% of them are spies thats 6,000 spies. Fucking unbelievable stupid he's become lately permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 5 points 1 day ago It's the jobs the schools provide. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 7 points 1 day ago You’d be eliminating the exact number of jobs that depended on Chinese students. What happens if we don’t produce Chinese graduates anymore? Nothing. So we lose nothing. The economy will better utilize their labor serving overpriced coffee or researching cocktail combinations. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago How do you know. All of the adversarial countries he has had success with either the leader or the children of them leader went to American universities and speak English permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 6 points 1 day ago Good. They're almost exclusively leftists, so the more of them that lose their overpaid fake job that doesn't really need to exist, the better. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 21 hours ago I don't disagree with which political side they're on, not being beneficial, but the tax dollars aren't going to be let go so easily. permalink parent award report block reply dres3 5 points 1 day ago 600k Chinese students get pro-LGBT'ed-ized. They go back to China and slowly turn it into third world? permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 11 points 1 day ago Lol. China doesn't play that shit. They would be disappeared as soon as they started to spread unapproved ideology. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Neither did we until we did permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 1 day ago Half million is drop in a bucket compared to the 11 millions college graduates every year China makes, 90% are unemployed as soon as they graduate. They're not getting married and having kids, China is having aging population crisis regardless of what we do permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 24 hours ago it's not a drop for the students who lose spots at college permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 23 hours ago I don't want the Chinese students, but If the colleges couldn't stay open without the Chinese students, the spots weren't really there in the first place permalink parent award report block reply stillbringingitback 1 points 22 hours ago Chinas barely emerged from 3rd world status lol permalink parent award report block reply GoldenEarz 1 points 1 day ago They go back to China Trump said he wants them to stay here after they graduate. permalink parent award report block reply Truthisunpopular 1 points 1 day ago If the chicoms did not approve of America's indoctrination centers they wouldn't allow their drones to come here. In fact, I'd bet they set the curriculum to help poison the rest of the students. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago they are here to steal technology because chinks are all geniuses. Lol 2B rice eaters and not 1 genius in the bunch. Lol sad little dick CCP pussies. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... MegoThor 4 points 24 hours ago I’m fine with colleges closing down even if it doesn’t. permalink award report block reply PedeInADeepBlueSea 4 points 1 day ago They would never fail. They'd just charge more for tuition and make the governemnt pay for it. That's not even factoring in their endowments. permalink award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 3 points 1 day ago This is such BULLSHIT! permalink award report block reply stillbringingitback 2 points 22 hours ago Trump just got out trumped by his interviewer lol permalink award report block reply NHMS_observer 2 points 22 hours ago Ummm...  If I've ever heard of a win-win, here it is. permalink award report block reply Psalm-118_24 2 points 1 day ago 600000 who come from a country that hates America but are good for the colleges that are teaching students to hate America.  POTUS, Ingraham is not the only one who thinks you are batsheet crazy on this issue. permalink award report block reply Skyes 2 points 10 hours ago I’m just fine with half the colleges going out of business period. Let all those people get real jobs now. permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 1 day ago I am tired of these foreigners coming into our country for schooling, us being trained is what put US first in the world, we aren't now permalink award report block reply Maga305_47 2 points 21 hours ago This interview has been a political suicide. An H1B and student visa fiasco. Lose midterms, be impeached, in jail before the summer. permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 0 points 20 hours ago Yeah, what the hell is going on? permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 2 points 22 hours ago Colleges are TDS factories, better off without them permalink award report block reply awsure 1 points 1 day ago Half of em you say? Hmmmmmmm permalink award report block reply thewordwolf 1 points 1 day ago 100% permalink award report block reply Jmricht 1 points 1 day ago I thought teaching was a calling. permalink award report block reply JnrelMcLibrtee 1 points 22 hours ago 😑 Can be well more than "half" for all I care permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago They are already here retard. These are not new students permalink award report block reply MinneMAGA 1 points 19 hours ago Would far-left indoctrination centers (Casually referred to as "colleges) going out of business really be a bad thing? permalink award report block reply expertnoticer 1 points 21 hours ago Good. Shut them all down.  A firm NO-SPY rule is pretty basic problem solving, no?  After the China-spy problem is solved, let's quickly move along to the Indians. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago This is Not America' FIRST. WTF is going on with him ? Almost everything he's done in the last couple months is horrible. permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 0 points 23 hours ago 600,000% permalink award report block reply starjello 0 points 1 day ago Trump blows another kiss to the fags at the Gay Awankening. Down vote now q tards and expel that anger and frustration out. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO -1 points 1 day ago The money they bring into our economy from their economy is what Trump cares about. The Chinese are inept when it comes to spying. They might copy someone's notes on technology or something, but they don't have the capability, knowledge, or industrial depth to properly reproduce it. Meaning, they can make a boat that looks like one of our aircraft carriers, but they never learned all the lessons that informed the design and use of them, and they never will. That's why their bran new carrier doesn't even work and never will. permalink award report block reply WisestGuru93 -2 points 18 hours ago That's because you're economically illiterate while Trump is a very stable genius. If 1/2 the colleges failed, there would be: Millions of jobs wiped out in a short period of time. Millions of students without a degree completed now fighting harder with everyone else for the few spots remaining. Billions of dollars lost in out of state tuition. Entire research facilities with research grants would dissolve midway through a study and the progress/ findings would be lost. At the same time, those millions of people out of a job would either join the market that's already 7 stages of interviews of a low paying job OR they would go into welfare/unemployment, etc. Tuition in remaining colleges would Explode. That's just off the top of my head. So yeah, I rather trust in the instincts of the founder of the MAGA movement who possesses all the insider intel vs some whiny, victim-of-the-matrix-keyboard warrior. permalink award report block reply
deleted 65 points 1 day ago NC_patriot OP 24 points 1 day ago They sure do. permalink parent award report block reply BarronVonSaltzburg26 11 points 1 day ago Better idea, send them to China and return the manufacturing businesses. permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 5 points 21 hours ago Trump is wrong on this one.  I bet this was part of the deal when he went to China. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 3 points 16 hours ago The business model is antiquated and was intended to be a luxury product for spoiled rich kids with old money. The entire university system is based on that. Now, we're asking it to educate 40% of the population and provide an adult daycare and spa service to brats who just want to drink, get high, and smash instead of study. The model was unsustainable 2 decades ago. Obama broke it more by federalizing the student loan system and turning it into a rubber stamp processing system for debt-slavery. The system should have been allowed to fail in 2012. There is no "too big to fail." We should have learned that lesson. permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot OP 24 points 1 day ago They sure do. permalink parent award report block reply BarronVonSaltzburg26 11 points 1 day ago Better idea, send them to China and return the manufacturing businesses. permalink parent award report block reply
BarronVonSaltzburg26 11 points 1 day ago Better idea, send them to China and return the manufacturing businesses. permalink parent award report block reply
Threaper666 5 points 21 hours ago Trump is wrong on this one.  I bet this was part of the deal when he went to China. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 3 points 16 hours ago The business model is antiquated and was intended to be a luxury product for spoiled rich kids with old money. The entire university system is based on that. Now, we're asking it to educate 40% of the population and provide an adult daycare and spa service to brats who just want to drink, get high, and smash instead of study. The model was unsustainable 2 decades ago. Obama broke it more by federalizing the student loan system and turning it into a rubber stamp processing system for debt-slavery. The system should have been allowed to fail in 2012. There is no "too big to fail." We should have learned that lesson. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 37 points 1 day ago Why can’t the Chinese learn things in China? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 27 points 1 day ago There's less to steal from the college over there. Over here they can enroll in cutting edge programs with billions in funding and send off the proprietary data in an email. It's happening all the time now permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 6 points 23 hours ago They also take out as many credit cards as they possibly can. Load all of them up and then fuck off back to their shitholes when their visas expire. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 5 points 1 day ago ☝☝☝☝🎯 permalink parent award report block reply NC_patriot OP 10 points 1 day ago Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 16 hours ago You can't steal American technology or spread communists to America in China. You have to go to America to do that. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 27 points 1 day ago There's less to steal from the college over there. Over here they can enroll in cutting edge programs with billions in funding and send off the proprietary data in an email. It's happening all the time now permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 6 points 23 hours ago They also take out as many credit cards as they possibly can. Load all of them up and then fuck off back to their shitholes when their visas expire. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 5 points 1 day ago ☝☝☝☝🎯 permalink parent award report block reply
DeaduponArousal 6 points 23 hours ago They also take out as many credit cards as they possibly can. Load all of them up and then fuck off back to their shitholes when their visas expire. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 5 points 1 day ago ☝☝☝☝🎯 permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot OP 10 points 1 day ago Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 2 points 16 hours ago You can't steal American technology or spread communists to America in China. You have to go to America to do that. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 25 points 1 day ago Clearly not. Fuck China. Fuck the college industry and fuck this plan permalink award report block reply
GoldenSpirals 15 points 1 day ago I think they replaced Trump with a clone or something permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 7 points 1 day ago Yes, what has happened to him? permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot OP 7 points 1 day ago Yes, what has happened to him? permalink parent award report block reply
ACActual 13 points 1 day ago WTF is he thinking?  He sounds just like Larry Summers!  He not talking to normal people anymore.  Oligarchs only.  For the first time since 2016 Trump pissed me off like Democrats do.  Still can't believe he said not allowing 600,000 CCP Spies in would close Black Colleges.  WTF?  Dumbest shit I've heard come out of his mouth since his stance on H1B'S.   Were so fucked permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 6 points 24 hours ago Maybe he needs to start rallies again to reconnect with the people. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 5 points 20 hours ago He needs to hear the boos permalink parent award report block reply expertnoticer 2 points 21 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot OP 6 points 24 hours ago Maybe he needs to start rallies again to reconnect with the people. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 5 points 20 hours ago He needs to hear the boos permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 5 points 20 hours ago He needs to hear the boos permalink parent award report block reply
expertnoticer 2 points 21 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
loooooof 13 points 1 day ago S t0p being anti- M AGA, d00mers ! permalink award report block reply JerryNadlerBeltFund 9 points 1 day ago Make Asia Great Again? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 6 points 1 day ago Panicans! permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
JerryNadlerBeltFund 9 points 1 day ago Make Asia Great Again? permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 6 points 1 day ago Panicans! permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
hairless_ap3 12 points 1 day ago How about fuck off 600,000 times If CHYNA is so great, why don't they go to Chinese colleges? permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 11 points 1 day ago Colleges are the ones pumping out most of the commies and antifa terrorists. Why would Trump do them and China a favor? Make no sense and certainly not an America first position. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 4 points 1 day ago Gotta teach the Chinese the important lessons of not being antisemitic permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Gee I don’t know. Maybe we are spying on them. They are paying tuition. Many of here for advanced degrees are generating research we get to use. Some number get converted to double agents or may be more compliant if they become leaders due to their time in the US permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -1 points 19 hours ago Maybe it’s because he isn’t doing anything. This has been the status since before he was in office. How do you retards not know this. And you don’t know what opportunities this gives intel to gain insight on Chinese goals permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 4 points 1 day ago Gotta teach the Chinese the important lessons of not being antisemitic permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Gee I don’t know. Maybe we are spying on them. They are paying tuition. Many of here for advanced degrees are generating research we get to use. Some number get converted to double agents or may be more compliant if they become leaders due to their time in the US permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby -1 points 19 hours ago Maybe it’s because he isn’t doing anything. This has been the status since before he was in office. How do you retards not know this. And you don’t know what opportunities this gives intel to gain insight on Chinese goals permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 9 points 24 hours ago I know what MAGA wants better than anybody else. This is more offensive than what he said about Chinese students. Based on this past year he doesn't know what the fuck MAGA means. What, endorsing Lindsey Graham and Randy Fine? Fuck off. permalink award report block reply
ThunderGatti 8 points 23 hours ago What a terrible answer. I just got done defending this guy in another post, and he says this shit? This is not America First. Pathetic. He really needs to shut the fuck up with this idea that HE dictates what is MAGA. Things that are MAGA are self evident permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 6 points 23 hours ago I don't know what's happening to him. He seems to be losing touch with his base. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 0 points 20 hours ago He's thinking economics rather than MAGA. The economic system would collapse if we actually deported all the illegals and stopped allowing foreign nationals to take all the college admissions slots. He doesn't want the collapse of the system... and is willing to abandon MAGA if that's what is required. Perhaps it's a good thing in the long run.  Perhaps the collapse of system will allow the Communists to take over.  That's what the Communists are thinking right now.... that's why Antifa are becoming more active at the moment. The smart thing for Trump to do is quietly arrest a large number of known top level traitors then declare Martial Law after shutting down the airwaves. The USA is going to go dark anyway.  We might as well start the ball rolling when we have the military. The nation stands on the edge of a knife. On one side is MAGA... on the other side is a Communist Hell Hole.  Trump is balancing on the handle. permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot OP 6 points 23 hours ago I don't know what's happening to him. He seems to be losing touch with his base. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 0 points 20 hours ago He's thinking economics rather than MAGA. The economic system would collapse if we actually deported all the illegals and stopped allowing foreign nationals to take all the college admissions slots. He doesn't want the collapse of the system... and is willing to abandon MAGA if that's what is required. Perhaps it's a good thing in the long run.  Perhaps the collapse of system will allow the Communists to take over.  That's what the Communists are thinking right now.... that's why Antifa are becoming more active at the moment. The smart thing for Trump to do is quietly arrest a large number of known top level traitors then declare Martial Law after shutting down the airwaves. The USA is going to go dark anyway.  We might as well start the ball rolling when we have the military. The nation stands on the edge of a knife. On one side is MAGA... on the other side is a Communist Hell Hole.  Trump is balancing on the handle. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 0 points 20 hours ago He's thinking economics rather than MAGA. The economic system would collapse if we actually deported all the illegals and stopped allowing foreign nationals to take all the college admissions slots. He doesn't want the collapse of the system... and is willing to abandon MAGA if that's what is required. Perhaps it's a good thing in the long run.  Perhaps the collapse of system will allow the Communists to take over.  That's what the Communists are thinking right now.... that's why Antifa are becoming more active at the moment. The smart thing for Trump to do is quietly arrest a large number of known top level traitors then declare Martial Law after shutting down the airwaves. The USA is going to go dark anyway.  We might as well start the ball rolling when we have the military. The nation stands on the edge of a knife. On one side is MAGA... on the other side is a Communist Hell Hole.  Trump is balancing on the handle. permalink parent award report block reply
Antemalagon 7 points 22 hours ago Colleges aren't adding value anyways, just more anti american insurgents. permalink award report block reply
Dallasguy 6 points 1 day ago I'm fine with every college going out of business if it means letting in zero Chinese spies. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago Its insane. If even only 1% of them are spies thats 6,000 spies. Fucking unbelievable stupid he's become lately permalink parent award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago Its insane. If even only 1% of them are spies thats 6,000 spies. Fucking unbelievable stupid he's become lately permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 5 points 1 day ago It's the jobs the schools provide. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 7 points 1 day ago You’d be eliminating the exact number of jobs that depended on Chinese students. What happens if we don’t produce Chinese graduates anymore? Nothing. So we lose nothing. The economy will better utilize their labor serving overpriced coffee or researching cocktail combinations. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago How do you know. All of the adversarial countries he has had success with either the leader or the children of them leader went to American universities and speak English permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 6 points 1 day ago Good. They're almost exclusively leftists, so the more of them that lose their overpaid fake job that doesn't really need to exist, the better. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 21 hours ago I don't disagree with which political side they're on, not being beneficial, but the tax dollars aren't going to be let go so easily. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 7 points 1 day ago You’d be eliminating the exact number of jobs that depended on Chinese students. What happens if we don’t produce Chinese graduates anymore? Nothing. So we lose nothing. The economy will better utilize their labor serving overpriced coffee or researching cocktail combinations. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago How do you know. All of the adversarial countries he has had success with either the leader or the children of them leader went to American universities and speak English permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago How do you know. All of the adversarial countries he has had success with either the leader or the children of them leader went to American universities and speak English permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 6 points 1 day ago Good. They're almost exclusively leftists, so the more of them that lose their overpaid fake job that doesn't really need to exist, the better. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 21 hours ago I don't disagree with which political side they're on, not being beneficial, but the tax dollars aren't going to be let go so easily. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 21 hours ago I don't disagree with which political side they're on, not being beneficial, but the tax dollars aren't going to be let go so easily. permalink parent award report block reply
dres3 5 points 1 day ago 600k Chinese students get pro-LGBT'ed-ized. They go back to China and slowly turn it into third world? permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 11 points 1 day ago Lol. China doesn't play that shit. They would be disappeared as soon as they started to spread unapproved ideology. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Neither did we until we did permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 1 day ago Half million is drop in a bucket compared to the 11 millions college graduates every year China makes, 90% are unemployed as soon as they graduate. They're not getting married and having kids, China is having aging population crisis regardless of what we do permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 24 hours ago it's not a drop for the students who lose spots at college permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 23 hours ago I don't want the Chinese students, but If the colleges couldn't stay open without the Chinese students, the spots weren't really there in the first place permalink parent award report block reply stillbringingitback 1 points 22 hours ago Chinas barely emerged from 3rd world status lol permalink parent award report block reply GoldenEarz 1 points 1 day ago They go back to China Trump said he wants them to stay here after they graduate. permalink parent award report block reply Truthisunpopular 1 points 1 day ago If the chicoms did not approve of America's indoctrination centers they wouldn't allow their drones to come here. In fact, I'd bet they set the curriculum to help poison the rest of the students. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago they are here to steal technology because chinks are all geniuses. Lol 2B rice eaters and not 1 genius in the bunch. Lol sad little dick CCP pussies. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
ReleasetheList 11 points 1 day ago Lol. China doesn't play that shit. They would be disappeared as soon as they started to spread unapproved ideology. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Neither did we until we did permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 19 hours ago Neither did we until we did permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 3 points 1 day ago Half million is drop in a bucket compared to the 11 millions college graduates every year China makes, 90% are unemployed as soon as they graduate. They're not getting married and having kids, China is having aging population crisis regardless of what we do permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 24 hours ago it's not a drop for the students who lose spots at college permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 23 hours ago I don't want the Chinese students, but If the colleges couldn't stay open without the Chinese students, the spots weren't really there in the first place permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 24 hours ago it's not a drop for the students who lose spots at college permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 23 hours ago I don't want the Chinese students, but If the colleges couldn't stay open without the Chinese students, the spots weren't really there in the first place permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 23 hours ago I don't want the Chinese students, but If the colleges couldn't stay open without the Chinese students, the spots weren't really there in the first place permalink parent award report block reply
stillbringingitback 1 points 22 hours ago Chinas barely emerged from 3rd world status lol permalink parent award report block reply
GoldenEarz 1 points 1 day ago They go back to China Trump said he wants them to stay here after they graduate. permalink parent award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 1 points 1 day ago If the chicoms did not approve of America's indoctrination centers they wouldn't allow their drones to come here. In fact, I'd bet they set the curriculum to help poison the rest of the students. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago they are here to steal technology because chinks are all geniuses. Lol 2B rice eaters and not 1 genius in the bunch. Lol sad little dick CCP pussies. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago they are here to steal technology because chinks are all geniuses. Lol 2B rice eaters and not 1 genius in the bunch. Lol sad little dick CCP pussies. permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 4 points 24 hours ago I’m fine with colleges closing down even if it doesn’t. permalink award report block reply
PedeInADeepBlueSea 4 points 1 day ago They would never fail. They'd just charge more for tuition and make the governemnt pay for it. That's not even factoring in their endowments. permalink award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 3 points 1 day ago This is such BULLSHIT! permalink award report block reply
stillbringingitback 2 points 22 hours ago Trump just got out trumped by his interviewer lol permalink award report block reply
NHMS_observer 2 points 22 hours ago Ummm...  If I've ever heard of a win-win, here it is. permalink award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 2 points 1 day ago 600000 who come from a country that hates America but are good for the colleges that are teaching students to hate America.  POTUS, Ingraham is not the only one who thinks you are batsheet crazy on this issue. permalink award report block reply
Skyes 2 points 10 hours ago I’m just fine with half the colleges going out of business period. Let all those people get real jobs now. permalink award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 1 day ago I am tired of these foreigners coming into our country for schooling, us being trained is what put US first in the world, we aren't now permalink award report block reply
Maga305_47 2 points 21 hours ago This interview has been a political suicide. An H1B and student visa fiasco. Lose midterms, be impeached, in jail before the summer. permalink award report block reply NC_patriot OP 0 points 20 hours ago Yeah, what the hell is going on? permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot OP 0 points 20 hours ago Yeah, what the hell is going on? permalink parent award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 2 points 22 hours ago Colleges are TDS factories, better off without them permalink award report block reply
awsure 1 points 1 day ago Half of em you say? Hmmmmmmm permalink award report block reply
thewordwolf 1 points 1 day ago 100% permalink award report block reply
Jmricht 1 points 1 day ago I thought teaching was a calling. permalink award report block reply
JnrelMcLibrtee 1 points 22 hours ago 😑 Can be well more than "half" for all I care permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 19 hours ago They are already here retard. These are not new students permalink award report block reply
MinneMAGA 1 points 19 hours ago Would far-left indoctrination centers (Casually referred to as "colleges) going out of business really be a bad thing? permalink award report block reply
expertnoticer 1 points 21 hours ago Good. Shut them all down.  A firm NO-SPY rule is pretty basic problem solving, no?  After the China-spy problem is solved, let's quickly move along to the Indians. permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago This is Not America' FIRST. WTF is going on with him ? Almost everything he's done in the last couple months is horrible. permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 0 points 23 hours ago 600,000% permalink award report block reply
starjello 0 points 1 day ago Trump blows another kiss to the fags at the Gay Awankening. Down vote now q tards and expel that anger and frustration out. permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO -1 points 1 day ago The money they bring into our economy from their economy is what Trump cares about. The Chinese are inept when it comes to spying. They might copy someone's notes on technology or something, but they don't have the capability, knowledge, or industrial depth to properly reproduce it. Meaning, they can make a boat that looks like one of our aircraft carriers, but they never learned all the lessons that informed the design and use of them, and they never will. That's why their bran new carrier doesn't even work and never will. permalink award report block reply
WisestGuru93 -2 points 18 hours ago That's because you're economically illiterate while Trump is a very stable genius. If 1/2 the colleges failed, there would be: Millions of jobs wiped out in a short period of time. Millions of students without a degree completed now fighting harder with everyone else for the few spots remaining. Billions of dollars lost in out of state tuition. Entire research facilities with research grants would dissolve midway through a study and the progress/ findings would be lost. At the same time, those millions of people out of a job would either join the market that's already 7 stages of interviews of a low paying job OR they would go into welfare/unemployment, etc. Tuition in remaining colleges would Explode. That's just off the top of my head. So yeah, I rather trust in the instincts of the founder of the MAGA movement who possesses all the insider intel vs some whiny, victim-of-the-matrix-keyboard warrior. permalink award report block reply