280 The 11th Hour of the 11th Day of the 11th Month . RIP to all the young men lost to us. posted 1 day ago by friarfox 7 comments award share report block In Flanders fields the poppies blow
Between the crosses, row on row,
That mark our place; and in the sky
The larks, still bravely singing, fly
Scarce heard amid the guns below. We are the Dead. Short days ago
We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,
Loved and were loved, and now we lie,
In Flanders fields. Take up our quarrel with the foe:
To you from failing hands we throw
The torch; be yours to hold it high.
If ye break faith with us who die
We shall not sleep, though poppies grow
In Flanders fields.
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save JohnN 4 points 1 day ago Good post. Years ago, I visited Verdun.  I think it was on the 12th of November.  Very sad place. permalink award report block reply friarfox OP 6 points 1 day ago Lost generations of young men basically for nothing. It does not cheapen their sacrifice though and we should remember them. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 5 points 1 day ago The very best of Europe.  I cry when I think of them. Yes, we should. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox OP 5 points 1 day ago This generation has absolutely no concept of the sacrifice they made. In retrospect with ai and google they criticize without the slightest idea of the lives these young men led. permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 3 points 1 day ago The brother war to end all brother wars.  What would Europe be like today, what would the world be like, if those men had lived to build the next generation and their future society? permalink award report block reply Megabrain1960 3 points 1 day ago Too cool! https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9k0ikV/great-tribute/c permalink award report block reply Gadbous 3 points 1 day ago Lest They Be Forgotten... https://www.smugmug.com/app/organize/Rememberances/All-Gave-Some-Some-Gave-All permalink award report block reply
JohnN 4 points 1 day ago Good post. Years ago, I visited Verdun.  I think it was on the 12th of November.  Very sad place. permalink award report block reply friarfox OP 6 points 1 day ago Lost generations of young men basically for nothing. It does not cheapen their sacrifice though and we should remember them. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 5 points 1 day ago The very best of Europe.  I cry when I think of them. Yes, we should. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox OP 5 points 1 day ago This generation has absolutely no concept of the sacrifice they made. In retrospect with ai and google they criticize without the slightest idea of the lives these young men led. permalink parent award report block reply
friarfox OP 6 points 1 day ago Lost generations of young men basically for nothing. It does not cheapen their sacrifice though and we should remember them. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 5 points 1 day ago The very best of Europe.  I cry when I think of them. Yes, we should. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox OP 5 points 1 day ago This generation has absolutely no concept of the sacrifice they made. In retrospect with ai and google they criticize without the slightest idea of the lives these young men led. permalink parent award report block reply
JohnN 5 points 1 day ago The very best of Europe.  I cry when I think of them. Yes, we should. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox OP 5 points 1 day ago This generation has absolutely no concept of the sacrifice they made. In retrospect with ai and google they criticize without the slightest idea of the lives these young men led. permalink parent award report block reply
friarfox OP 5 points 1 day ago This generation has absolutely no concept of the sacrifice they made. In retrospect with ai and google they criticize without the slightest idea of the lives these young men led. permalink parent award report block reply
Chickapede 3 points 1 day ago The brother war to end all brother wars.  What would Europe be like today, what would the world be like, if those men had lived to build the next generation and their future society? permalink award report block reply
Megabrain1960 3 points 1 day ago Too cool! https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9k0ikV/great-tribute/c permalink award report block reply
Gadbous 3 points 1 day ago Lest They Be Forgotten... https://www.smugmug.com/app/organize/Rememberances/All-Gave-Some-Some-Gave-All permalink award report block reply