432 SHUT UP WOKE!! 😆 posted 3 days ago by nisidiva 23 comments award share download report block
23 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save kippo_hard 17 points 3 days ago Ricky Gervais said the same thing years ago, it never stopped them. permalink award report block reply Tophat9000 13 points 3 days ago Yeah he really surprises me that he's gone the way he's gone... I thought he would have gone with the woke left crowd permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Maybe Angelina Jolie was onto something? permalink parent award report block reply stylecouncilor 4 points 3 days ago He does have a certain je ne sais quoi. permalink parent award report block reply Agent_86 -16 points 3 days ago It's probably because you're a judgmental asshole. 😁 permalink parent award report block reply ThomasSowellisKing 7 points 3 days ago cause hes not a retard. permalink award report block reply LatitudeofMind 2 points 3 days ago He’s baseline retarded. He said we need a common sense party. Yeah that’s maga dummy permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 7 points 3 days ago Just going to say it, his performance in that first season of Fargo was spectacular. Very much worth of watch. permalink award report block reply EvJohn 4 points 3 days ago He was perfect in that. permalink parent award report block reply kompromatdotwin 6 points 3 days ago He was on Joe Rogan 2 days ago.. I didn't watch, but is that where he talked shit? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0loSsJ1mHVE permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 5 points 3 days ago Let's coin him as Based Billy Bob. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 3 days ago I've always liked him permalink award report block reply Agent_86 4 points 3 days ago My guy!! permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 3 points 3 days ago Dude is really getting into his role as the Texas oil guy. permalink award report block reply DoMe22 2 points 3 days ago Absolutely not. I want each and every one of them to out themselves. I want to know who the fuck to never support again. I want them to be outspoken and obnoxious and confident about how retarded they are, so I can make them a unique object of my hate. permalink award report block reply RobinNet 1 points 3 days ago He was quoting the Ricky Gervais bit at the GG Awards. permalink award report block reply jhewish 1 points 3 days ago Why can't retarded influencers like this person just fucking quote the celebrity instead of typing made up shit? Not that I'm surprised with this dude who is the biggest click bait whore there is. permalink award report block reply HellNoKameltoe 1 points 3 days ago Wow I guess all those Jackass stunts knocked some sense into him permalink award report block reply TrumpsWall 4 points 3 days ago Are you thinking of someone else? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago Nope, I think that commenter was right. Remember all the Jackass intros? "Im Billy Bob Thorton, and this is Sheep Bowling in Grocery Karts!" permalink parent award report block reply marbler 1 points 3 days ago I haven't seen anything linking him to that show at all. Was someone on the show pretending to be him? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago No was just being sarcastic, but didnt want to give it away with the /s. Im assuming the commenter was thinking of Johnny Knoxville. permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks -2 points 3 days ago LANDMAN FTW!! permalink award report block reply
kippo_hard 17 points 3 days ago Ricky Gervais said the same thing years ago, it never stopped them. permalink award report block reply
Tophat9000 13 points 3 days ago Yeah he really surprises me that he's gone the way he's gone... I thought he would have gone with the woke left crowd permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Maybe Angelina Jolie was onto something? permalink parent award report block reply stylecouncilor 4 points 3 days ago He does have a certain je ne sais quoi. permalink parent award report block reply Agent_86 -16 points 3 days ago It's probably because you're a judgmental asshole. 😁 permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Maybe Angelina Jolie was onto something? permalink parent award report block reply stylecouncilor 4 points 3 days ago He does have a certain je ne sais quoi. permalink parent award report block reply
stylecouncilor 4 points 3 days ago He does have a certain je ne sais quoi. permalink parent award report block reply
Agent_86 -16 points 3 days ago It's probably because you're a judgmental asshole. 😁 permalink parent award report block reply
ThomasSowellisKing 7 points 3 days ago cause hes not a retard. permalink award report block reply LatitudeofMind 2 points 3 days ago He’s baseline retarded. He said we need a common sense party. Yeah that’s maga dummy permalink parent award report block reply
LatitudeofMind 2 points 3 days ago He’s baseline retarded. He said we need a common sense party. Yeah that’s maga dummy permalink parent award report block reply
General_Grievance 7 points 3 days ago Just going to say it, his performance in that first season of Fargo was spectacular. Very much worth of watch. permalink award report block reply EvJohn 4 points 3 days ago He was perfect in that. permalink parent award report block reply
EvJohn 4 points 3 days ago He was perfect in that. permalink parent award report block reply
kompromatdotwin 6 points 3 days ago He was on Joe Rogan 2 days ago.. I didn't watch, but is that where he talked shit? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0loSsJ1mHVE permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 5 points 3 days ago Let's coin him as Based Billy Bob. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 5 points 3 days ago I've always liked him permalink award report block reply
Agent_86 4 points 3 days ago My guy!! permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 3 points 3 days ago Dude is really getting into his role as the Texas oil guy. permalink award report block reply
DoMe22 2 points 3 days ago Absolutely not. I want each and every one of them to out themselves. I want to know who the fuck to never support again. I want them to be outspoken and obnoxious and confident about how retarded they are, so I can make them a unique object of my hate. permalink award report block reply
RobinNet 1 points 3 days ago He was quoting the Ricky Gervais bit at the GG Awards. permalink award report block reply
jhewish 1 points 3 days ago Why can't retarded influencers like this person just fucking quote the celebrity instead of typing made up shit? Not that I'm surprised with this dude who is the biggest click bait whore there is. permalink award report block reply
HellNoKameltoe 1 points 3 days ago Wow I guess all those Jackass stunts knocked some sense into him permalink award report block reply TrumpsWall 4 points 3 days ago Are you thinking of someone else? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago Nope, I think that commenter was right. Remember all the Jackass intros? "Im Billy Bob Thorton, and this is Sheep Bowling in Grocery Karts!" permalink parent award report block reply marbler 1 points 3 days ago I haven't seen anything linking him to that show at all. Was someone on the show pretending to be him? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago No was just being sarcastic, but didnt want to give it away with the /s. Im assuming the commenter was thinking of Johnny Knoxville. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsWall 4 points 3 days ago Are you thinking of someone else? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago Nope, I think that commenter was right. Remember all the Jackass intros? "Im Billy Bob Thorton, and this is Sheep Bowling in Grocery Karts!" permalink parent award report block reply marbler 1 points 3 days ago I haven't seen anything linking him to that show at all. Was someone on the show pretending to be him? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago No was just being sarcastic, but didnt want to give it away with the /s. Im assuming the commenter was thinking of Johnny Knoxville. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago Nope, I think that commenter was right. Remember all the Jackass intros? "Im Billy Bob Thorton, and this is Sheep Bowling in Grocery Karts!" permalink parent award report block reply marbler 1 points 3 days ago I haven't seen anything linking him to that show at all. Was someone on the show pretending to be him? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago No was just being sarcastic, but didnt want to give it away with the /s. Im assuming the commenter was thinking of Johnny Knoxville. permalink parent award report block reply
marbler 1 points 3 days ago I haven't seen anything linking him to that show at all. Was someone on the show pretending to be him? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago No was just being sarcastic, but didnt want to give it away with the /s. Im assuming the commenter was thinking of Johnny Knoxville. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 0 points 3 days ago No was just being sarcastic, but didnt want to give it away with the /s. Im assuming the commenter was thinking of Johnny Knoxville. permalink parent award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks -2 points 3 days ago LANDMAN FTW!! permalink award report block reply