727 Jasmine Crockett is right posted 2 days ago by hocuspocusfocusjeep 47 comments award share download report block
47 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Choppermagic 42 points 2 days ago Will Dominion sue Crocket for $1B dollars too? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 13 points 2 days ago Ha. No. She's (d)ifferent permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 3 points 2 days ago They must get rid of them before Trump has them opened up and the people find out what has really been going on. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 24 points 2 days ago If this is what gets it done... permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 21 points 2 days ago Something worse is on the horizon.  They wouldn’t say this if they didn’t have Phase 2 worked out. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 2 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago I hate to think like a criminal, but it has to be done from time to time.  And if I can do it, you know that people more powerful than me are doing it too, and for that I am grateful because it twists my sweet and innocent mind. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 6 points 2 days ago That's my concern about ending the filibuster. With a simple majority, the Democrats can ruin all our lives if they steal another election. If the GOP had the left's balls, I would say go for it - all in. However, most are in the pocket of the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Or with the recent election results they feel confident they'd be able to win what they need through their current strategy. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago Thats the only non-retarded thing shes ever said. I cant believe I actually agree with Rep. Ghetto Wig. permalink parent award report block reply Taupkek 16 points 2 days ago Paper ballots and voter id! Don't let Trump steal the elections! permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago If it saves just one election... permalink parent award report block reply FuckJBiden 11 points 2 days ago I was told that there’s no way Dominion could be used to rig elections permalink award report block reply CySailor 11 points 2 days ago Trump needs to jump on this and start announcing how much he loves automated voting machines… big beautiful voting machines. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago We've got the best voting machines in the world, folks, probably the best of all time. permalink parent award report block reply 5121313 8 points 2 days ago I'll believe it when she says ONLY Birthright (not children of non-citizens) or Naturalized Legal American Citizens with a Valid Voter ID can Vote. And No counting Paper Ballots AFTER the Election, NOT a month after the election. Then I might believe her BS... permalink award report block reply TrumpWonByALandslide 6 points 2 days ago She just used two brain cells she never used before... she only has two. permalink award report block reply CantStumpIWin 5 points 2 days ago It seems she’s smarter than she’s letting on because the whole ghetto thing is completely fake. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpWonByALandslide 3 points 2 days ago Sorry then, three brain cells permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 4 points 2 days ago That’s fair. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Yes, it's an act. permalink parent award report block reply Fuckwit2023 2 points 2 days ago They're both fighting for 3rd place. permalink parent award report block reply MrUnderhill 4 points 2 days ago Ah crap. You're onto us. permalink award report block reply dude_guy_7643 4 points 2 days ago The only way to prevent Trump from rigging it is in person voting with paper ballots and voter id permalink award report block reply auntjemima 3 points 2 days ago she's on to us! permalink award report block reply Nibba2 3 points 2 days ago In person paper ballots ONLY!!!!! 50/50 party counters ONLY too!!!!! Or Trump is cheating!!!!! I love it! permalink award report block reply FattestConsequence 3 points 2 days ago With paper ballots, he wins a third term. She's as smart as she looks. permalink award report block reply jsphere256 2 points 2 days ago It's not hypocrisy if you are genetically incapable of conceptualizing the past or the future permalink award report block reply Dev404 2 points 2 days ago Yes. I agree. Trump will rig elections using Dominion. Let's get rid of all of those machines. I'm fine with this excuse as the reason why Dominion should be removed in it's entirety. permalink award report block reply cryptoapebot 2 points 2 days ago hear hear! permalink award report block reply TrustYourself 2 points 2 days ago That's what people say when they don't show up to staff meetings. permalink award report block reply K1ngretro 2 points 2 days ago What an odd thing to say permalink award report block reply Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Lol, the memes from years ago have beared fruit. permalink award report block reply CatalystForChange 1 points 2 days ago Only the first part. permalink award report block reply Say_what_again 1 points 2 days ago Will Trump/GOP win some Dominion-infected states in 2028? Legitimately? Or will the Dems run an OP intentionally tanking those states and claim Trump cheated? And all those Dem judges who said No Standing in 2020 will now say there is? /edit I have a hard time believing they would be that fucking stupid to play that kind of game, but coming out now and saying to not use Dominion is really weird permalink award report block reply DoMe22 1 points 2 days ago Do it. Please do it. I agree with her. We're terrible rig artists who will cheat it all up. Ban all voting machines. Go to Paper Ballots, in person only. permalink award report block reply irescreams 1 points 1 day ago Love the Dems now squirming because a Republican bought the company. permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 1 points 2 days ago They are freaking out because a conservative bought Dominion and will most likely change the software to make them impossible to tamper with.. permalink award report block reply Trajano 1 points 1 day ago Yes. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 1 day ago So when will Dominion be suing her for defamation? permalink award report block reply kornesque 1 points 2 days ago Brilliant. We should crowdfund a takeover of the other machine companies and dissolve them. Paper ballots ftw permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago A broken crock is right twice a day. permalink award report block reply JKillen 1 points 2 days ago Daily reminder she attended an all girls catholic high school costing $35,0000 a semester or year, I forget. I wonder how many Americans of any race can relate permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Gabby Johnson is right! "Errerrer!!!!" permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 2 days ago I tell dems this all the time We will cheat with machines. permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 42 points 2 days ago Will Dominion sue Crocket for $1B dollars too? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 13 points 2 days ago Ha. No. She's (d)ifferent permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 3 points 2 days ago They must get rid of them before Trump has them opened up and the people find out what has really been going on. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 13 points 2 days ago Ha. No. She's (d)ifferent permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 3 points 2 days ago They must get rid of them before Trump has them opened up and the people find out what has really been going on. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 24 points 2 days ago If this is what gets it done... permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 21 points 2 days ago Something worse is on the horizon.  They wouldn’t say this if they didn’t have Phase 2 worked out. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 2 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago I hate to think like a criminal, but it has to be done from time to time.  And if I can do it, you know that people more powerful than me are doing it too, and for that I am grateful because it twists my sweet and innocent mind. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 6 points 2 days ago That's my concern about ending the filibuster. With a simple majority, the Democrats can ruin all our lives if they steal another election. If the GOP had the left's balls, I would say go for it - all in. However, most are in the pocket of the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Or with the recent election results they feel confident they'd be able to win what they need through their current strategy. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago Thats the only non-retarded thing shes ever said. I cant believe I actually agree with Rep. Ghetto Wig. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 21 points 2 days ago Something worse is on the horizon.  They wouldn’t say this if they didn’t have Phase 2 worked out. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 2 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago I hate to think like a criminal, but it has to be done from time to time.  And if I can do it, you know that people more powerful than me are doing it too, and for that I am grateful because it twists my sweet and innocent mind. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 6 points 2 days ago That's my concern about ending the filibuster. With a simple majority, the Democrats can ruin all our lives if they steal another election. If the GOP had the left's balls, I would say go for it - all in. However, most are in the pocket of the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Or with the recent election results they feel confident they'd be able to win what they need through their current strategy. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 7 points 2 days ago Good point. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago I hate to think like a criminal, but it has to be done from time to time.  And if I can do it, you know that people more powerful than me are doing it too, and for that I am grateful because it twists my sweet and innocent mind. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 6 points 2 days ago That's my concern about ending the filibuster. With a simple majority, the Democrats can ruin all our lives if they steal another election. If the GOP had the left's balls, I would say go for it - all in. However, most are in the pocket of the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago I hate to think like a criminal, but it has to be done from time to time.  And if I can do it, you know that people more powerful than me are doing it too, and for that I am grateful because it twists my sweet and innocent mind. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 6 points 2 days ago That's my concern about ending the filibuster. With a simple majority, the Democrats can ruin all our lives if they steal another election. If the GOP had the left's balls, I would say go for it - all in. However, most are in the pocket of the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 6 points 2 days ago That's my concern about ending the filibuster. With a simple majority, the Democrats can ruin all our lives if they steal another election. If the GOP had the left's balls, I would say go for it - all in. However, most are in the pocket of the uni party. permalink parent award report block reply
AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Or with the recent election results they feel confident they'd be able to win what they need through their current strategy. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago Thats the only non-retarded thing shes ever said. I cant believe I actually agree with Rep. Ghetto Wig. permalink parent award report block reply
Taupkek 16 points 2 days ago Paper ballots and voter id! Don't let Trump steal the elections! permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago If it saves just one election... permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago If it saves just one election... permalink parent award report block reply
FuckJBiden 11 points 2 days ago I was told that there’s no way Dominion could be used to rig elections permalink award report block reply
CySailor 11 points 2 days ago Trump needs to jump on this and start announcing how much he loves automated voting machines… big beautiful voting machines. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago We've got the best voting machines in the world, folks, probably the best of all time. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago We've got the best voting machines in the world, folks, probably the best of all time. permalink parent award report block reply
5121313 8 points 2 days ago I'll believe it when she says ONLY Birthright (not children of non-citizens) or Naturalized Legal American Citizens with a Valid Voter ID can Vote. And No counting Paper Ballots AFTER the Election, NOT a month after the election. Then I might believe her BS... permalink award report block reply
TrumpWonByALandslide 6 points 2 days ago She just used two brain cells she never used before... she only has two. permalink award report block reply CantStumpIWin 5 points 2 days ago It seems she’s smarter than she’s letting on because the whole ghetto thing is completely fake. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpWonByALandslide 3 points 2 days ago Sorry then, three brain cells permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 4 points 2 days ago That’s fair. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Yes, it's an act. permalink parent award report block reply Fuckwit2023 2 points 2 days ago They're both fighting for 3rd place. permalink parent award report block reply
CantStumpIWin 5 points 2 days ago It seems she’s smarter than she’s letting on because the whole ghetto thing is completely fake. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpWonByALandslide 3 points 2 days ago Sorry then, three brain cells permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 4 points 2 days ago That’s fair. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Yes, it's an act. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpWonByALandslide 3 points 2 days ago Sorry then, three brain cells permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 4 points 2 days ago That’s fair. permalink parent award report block reply
CantStumpIWin 4 points 2 days ago That’s fair. permalink parent award report block reply
AngeredKabar 3 points 2 days ago Yes, it's an act. permalink parent award report block reply
Fuckwit2023 2 points 2 days ago They're both fighting for 3rd place. permalink parent award report block reply
MrUnderhill 4 points 2 days ago Ah crap. You're onto us. permalink award report block reply
dude_guy_7643 4 points 2 days ago The only way to prevent Trump from rigging it is in person voting with paper ballots and voter id permalink award report block reply
auntjemima 3 points 2 days ago she's on to us! permalink award report block reply
Nibba2 3 points 2 days ago In person paper ballots ONLY!!!!! 50/50 party counters ONLY too!!!!! Or Trump is cheating!!!!! I love it! permalink award report block reply
FattestConsequence 3 points 2 days ago With paper ballots, he wins a third term. She's as smart as she looks. permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 2 points 2 days ago It's not hypocrisy if you are genetically incapable of conceptualizing the past or the future permalink award report block reply
Dev404 2 points 2 days ago Yes. I agree. Trump will rig elections using Dominion. Let's get rid of all of those machines. I'm fine with this excuse as the reason why Dominion should be removed in it's entirety. permalink award report block reply
cryptoapebot 2 points 2 days ago hear hear! permalink award report block reply
TrustYourself 2 points 2 days ago That's what people say when they don't show up to staff meetings. permalink award report block reply
K1ngretro 2 points 2 days ago What an odd thing to say permalink award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Lol, the memes from years ago have beared fruit. permalink award report block reply
CatalystForChange 1 points 2 days ago Only the first part. permalink award report block reply
Say_what_again 1 points 2 days ago Will Trump/GOP win some Dominion-infected states in 2028? Legitimately? Or will the Dems run an OP intentionally tanking those states and claim Trump cheated? And all those Dem judges who said No Standing in 2020 will now say there is? /edit I have a hard time believing they would be that fucking stupid to play that kind of game, but coming out now and saying to not use Dominion is really weird permalink award report block reply
DoMe22 1 points 2 days ago Do it. Please do it. I agree with her. We're terrible rig artists who will cheat it all up. Ban all voting machines. Go to Paper Ballots, in person only. permalink award report block reply
irescreams 1 points 1 day ago Love the Dems now squirming because a Republican bought the company. permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 1 points 2 days ago They are freaking out because a conservative bought Dominion and will most likely change the software to make them impossible to tamper with.. permalink award report block reply
Trajano 1 points 1 day ago Yes. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 1 points 1 day ago So when will Dominion be suing her for defamation? permalink award report block reply
kornesque 1 points 2 days ago Brilliant. We should crowdfund a takeover of the other machine companies and dissolve them. Paper ballots ftw permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago A broken crock is right twice a day. permalink award report block reply
JKillen 1 points 2 days ago Daily reminder she attended an all girls catholic high school costing $35,0000 a semester or year, I forget. I wonder how many Americans of any race can relate permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Gabby Johnson is right! "Errerrer!!!!" permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 2 days ago I tell dems this all the time We will cheat with machines. permalink award report block reply