615 People need to understand who the minority really is posted 7 days ago by FBIAREFAGGOTS 24 comments award share report block auspill @aus_pill • 9d Just 7% of the world’s population is White, but when I asked strangers to guess, most thought it was upwards of 80%… This false sense of demographic security is dangerous, many have no idea they’re a global minority, and rapidly approaching the same status at home.
24 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save h203h 21 points 7 days ago White folks please have more kids. GET ON IT QUICK!!! permalink award report block reply Mintap 13 points 7 days ago At six, not too hard. Just teach the older ones to help with the younger ones and it actually becomes easier. permalink parent award report block reply Donmartin 12 points 7 days ago Not happening unless modern feminist ideology is pushed back. There is a strong correlation between pervasiveness of modern feminist ideals with crashing reproduction. Simple common sense when women are told focus on corporate careers and that being mom is demeaning and not admirable. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 9 points 7 days ago That's the neat trick about all this legal and illegal mass immigration. Fewer and fewer opportunities for white people mean fewer and fewer resources to be able to support having kids. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 4 points 7 days ago Love to. Introduce me to a chaste, healthy, feminine woman who would like to be a wife and mother. Go ahead. permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 2 points 6 days ago White women who want children are now a minority. The vast majority of women vote for higher welfare and entitlements. Pandora’s box is out. Nothing changes until collapse. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 4 points 7 days ago Having our 4th soon. Doing my part just like I do with everything but bunch of dickless faggots complain and make everything feel hopeless at times. permalink parent award report block reply JuicyfearsMAGA 19 points 7 days ago There will be close to a million whites murdered around the world this year. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 13 points 7 days ago Does that include abortions? If not add a bunch more. permalink parent award report block reply CPT88 2 points 7 days ago Where do you get this number from? permalink parent award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 16 points 7 days ago If you didn't know this stat, you're not paying attention. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 20 points 7 days ago Consider the gravity of this stat, it means that 7%-8% of the global population basically created the modern western world and the lion's share of all modern amenities and technology. Then consider what that 7%-8% had to carry out and to endure in order to do it. permalink parent award report block reply CPT88 9 points 7 days ago Historically white was a higher percentage, westerners stopped having large families and most other cultures didn't til much later, or still do. Global demographics have shifted significantly last hundred year sor so. Problem is societal contributors tend to have less kids in the modern world. The opening scene of idiocy is a real thing except it's not only about IQ, there's a cultural component too. https://youtu.be/KCpxYa5N-OI?si=IU9nznbwLKFQzImP permalink parent award report block reply CaptainChewbacca 12 points 7 days ago They can't distinguish between their country and the rest of the world. permalink award report block reply crashdaddy 8 points 7 days ago Watching the video alone would make me figure it was about 4 or 5 percent. permalink parent award report block reply Nat4Pat 10 points 7 days ago Is this why these young ignorants don't have a lot of kids? Whites must start to take demographic lessons. Group thinking as a race, like other races do, is not shameful, it's shrewdness. permalink award report block reply WooseTheMoose 5 points 7 days ago To be fair, a lot of them would already have had children if it weren't for birth control. Even if it were just condoms, A LOT of them would be having children. permalink parent award report block reply Nat4Pat 4 points 7 days ago The value of children is falling in liberal world order. Young people need to realize nothing in life is as fruitful, fulfilling as raising a better generation. They will alter their behavior for their refocused goal. permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 4 points 7 days ago I suppose the issue is that there's people like me who do agree with you, but then I see my older brother who has has a child and now his wife wants to divorce him and she decided he might be allowed two days a week to see his son. Raising children sure sounds great though. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 3 points 7 days ago The trick is getting white women to go along with the plan. They're the ones riding the birth control and Tyrone. They're ones getting abortions for all the little mistakes they made and don't want. Yes, per capita, black women get more abortions, but numerically, it's white women who use abortion as birth control. These women are sleeping around, racking up 3-figure body counts, and turning into Wine Aunts in the 40s. They loathe the idea of being a mother. They see the kid and family as a shackle chaining them down. And they make themselves absolutely repellent to any decent man who might come around. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 5 points 7 days ago 7% brought you all the technology and creature comforts that make their lives easy.  Otherwise they’d still be living in huts permalink award report block reply 762xPat 3 points 7 days ago All these people "appropriating" our culture of innovation. Electricity, clean drinking water, modern sewage, food production, etc. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 5 points 7 days ago Ask your American neighbors what percent of America is black. All races I have posed this question to in a major urban are are saying 45%. It's the medias fault, and why blacks are itching for a race war. The uniparty survives on division. permalink award report block reply
h203h 21 points 7 days ago White folks please have more kids. GET ON IT QUICK!!! permalink award report block reply Mintap 13 points 7 days ago At six, not too hard. Just teach the older ones to help with the younger ones and it actually becomes easier. permalink parent award report block reply Donmartin 12 points 7 days ago Not happening unless modern feminist ideology is pushed back. There is a strong correlation between pervasiveness of modern feminist ideals with crashing reproduction. Simple common sense when women are told focus on corporate careers and that being mom is demeaning and not admirable. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 9 points 7 days ago That's the neat trick about all this legal and illegal mass immigration. Fewer and fewer opportunities for white people mean fewer and fewer resources to be able to support having kids. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 4 points 7 days ago Love to. Introduce me to a chaste, healthy, feminine woman who would like to be a wife and mother. Go ahead. permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 2 points 6 days ago White women who want children are now a minority. The vast majority of women vote for higher welfare and entitlements. Pandora’s box is out. Nothing changes until collapse. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 4 points 7 days ago Having our 4th soon. Doing my part just like I do with everything but bunch of dickless faggots complain and make everything feel hopeless at times. permalink parent award report block reply
Mintap 13 points 7 days ago At six, not too hard. Just teach the older ones to help with the younger ones and it actually becomes easier. permalink parent award report block reply
Donmartin 12 points 7 days ago Not happening unless modern feminist ideology is pushed back. There is a strong correlation between pervasiveness of modern feminist ideals with crashing reproduction. Simple common sense when women are told focus on corporate careers and that being mom is demeaning and not admirable. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 9 points 7 days ago That's the neat trick about all this legal and illegal mass immigration. Fewer and fewer opportunities for white people mean fewer and fewer resources to be able to support having kids. permalink parent award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 4 points 7 days ago Love to. Introduce me to a chaste, healthy, feminine woman who would like to be a wife and mother. Go ahead. permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 2 points 6 days ago White women who want children are now a minority. The vast majority of women vote for higher welfare and entitlements. Pandora’s box is out. Nothing changes until collapse. permalink parent award report block reply
DeaduponArousal 2 points 6 days ago White women who want children are now a minority. The vast majority of women vote for higher welfare and entitlements. Pandora’s box is out. Nothing changes until collapse. permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 4 points 7 days ago Having our 4th soon. Doing my part just like I do with everything but bunch of dickless faggots complain and make everything feel hopeless at times. permalink parent award report block reply
JuicyfearsMAGA 19 points 7 days ago There will be close to a million whites murdered around the world this year. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 13 points 7 days ago Does that include abortions? If not add a bunch more. permalink parent award report block reply CPT88 2 points 7 days ago Where do you get this number from? permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 13 points 7 days ago Does that include abortions? If not add a bunch more. permalink parent award report block reply
CPT88 2 points 7 days ago Where do you get this number from? permalink parent award report block reply
FORMERCHILDSTAR 16 points 7 days ago If you didn't know this stat, you're not paying attention. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 20 points 7 days ago Consider the gravity of this stat, it means that 7%-8% of the global population basically created the modern western world and the lion's share of all modern amenities and technology. Then consider what that 7%-8% had to carry out and to endure in order to do it. permalink parent award report block reply CPT88 9 points 7 days ago Historically white was a higher percentage, westerners stopped having large families and most other cultures didn't til much later, or still do. Global demographics have shifted significantly last hundred year sor so. Problem is societal contributors tend to have less kids in the modern world. The opening scene of idiocy is a real thing except it's not only about IQ, there's a cultural component too. https://youtu.be/KCpxYa5N-OI?si=IU9nznbwLKFQzImP permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 20 points 7 days ago Consider the gravity of this stat, it means that 7%-8% of the global population basically created the modern western world and the lion's share of all modern amenities and technology. Then consider what that 7%-8% had to carry out and to endure in order to do it. permalink parent award report block reply CPT88 9 points 7 days ago Historically white was a higher percentage, westerners stopped having large families and most other cultures didn't til much later, or still do. Global demographics have shifted significantly last hundred year sor so. Problem is societal contributors tend to have less kids in the modern world. The opening scene of idiocy is a real thing except it's not only about IQ, there's a cultural component too. https://youtu.be/KCpxYa5N-OI?si=IU9nznbwLKFQzImP permalink parent award report block reply
CPT88 9 points 7 days ago Historically white was a higher percentage, westerners stopped having large families and most other cultures didn't til much later, or still do. Global demographics have shifted significantly last hundred year sor so. Problem is societal contributors tend to have less kids in the modern world. The opening scene of idiocy is a real thing except it's not only about IQ, there's a cultural component too. https://youtu.be/KCpxYa5N-OI?si=IU9nznbwLKFQzImP permalink parent award report block reply
CaptainChewbacca 12 points 7 days ago They can't distinguish between their country and the rest of the world. permalink award report block reply crashdaddy 8 points 7 days ago Watching the video alone would make me figure it was about 4 or 5 percent. permalink parent award report block reply
crashdaddy 8 points 7 days ago Watching the video alone would make me figure it was about 4 or 5 percent. permalink parent award report block reply
Nat4Pat 10 points 7 days ago Is this why these young ignorants don't have a lot of kids? Whites must start to take demographic lessons. Group thinking as a race, like other races do, is not shameful, it's shrewdness. permalink award report block reply WooseTheMoose 5 points 7 days ago To be fair, a lot of them would already have had children if it weren't for birth control. Even if it were just condoms, A LOT of them would be having children. permalink parent award report block reply Nat4Pat 4 points 7 days ago The value of children is falling in liberal world order. Young people need to realize nothing in life is as fruitful, fulfilling as raising a better generation. They will alter their behavior for their refocused goal. permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 4 points 7 days ago I suppose the issue is that there's people like me who do agree with you, but then I see my older brother who has has a child and now his wife wants to divorce him and she decided he might be allowed two days a week to see his son. Raising children sure sounds great though. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 3 points 7 days ago The trick is getting white women to go along with the plan. They're the ones riding the birth control and Tyrone. They're ones getting abortions for all the little mistakes they made and don't want. Yes, per capita, black women get more abortions, but numerically, it's white women who use abortion as birth control. These women are sleeping around, racking up 3-figure body counts, and turning into Wine Aunts in the 40s. They loathe the idea of being a mother. They see the kid and family as a shackle chaining them down. And they make themselves absolutely repellent to any decent man who might come around. permalink parent award report block reply
WooseTheMoose 5 points 7 days ago To be fair, a lot of them would already have had children if it weren't for birth control. Even if it were just condoms, A LOT of them would be having children. permalink parent award report block reply Nat4Pat 4 points 7 days ago The value of children is falling in liberal world order. Young people need to realize nothing in life is as fruitful, fulfilling as raising a better generation. They will alter their behavior for their refocused goal. permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 4 points 7 days ago I suppose the issue is that there's people like me who do agree with you, but then I see my older brother who has has a child and now his wife wants to divorce him and she decided he might be allowed two days a week to see his son. Raising children sure sounds great though. permalink parent award report block reply
Nat4Pat 4 points 7 days ago The value of children is falling in liberal world order. Young people need to realize nothing in life is as fruitful, fulfilling as raising a better generation. They will alter their behavior for their refocused goal. permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 4 points 7 days ago I suppose the issue is that there's people like me who do agree with you, but then I see my older brother who has has a child and now his wife wants to divorce him and she decided he might be allowed two days a week to see his son. Raising children sure sounds great though. permalink parent award report block reply
WooseTheMoose 4 points 7 days ago I suppose the issue is that there's people like me who do agree with you, but then I see my older brother who has has a child and now his wife wants to divorce him and she decided he might be allowed two days a week to see his son. Raising children sure sounds great though. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 3 points 7 days ago The trick is getting white women to go along with the plan. They're the ones riding the birth control and Tyrone. They're ones getting abortions for all the little mistakes they made and don't want. Yes, per capita, black women get more abortions, but numerically, it's white women who use abortion as birth control. These women are sleeping around, racking up 3-figure body counts, and turning into Wine Aunts in the 40s. They loathe the idea of being a mother. They see the kid and family as a shackle chaining them down. And they make themselves absolutely repellent to any decent man who might come around. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 5 points 7 days ago 7% brought you all the technology and creature comforts that make their lives easy.  Otherwise they’d still be living in huts permalink award report block reply 762xPat 3 points 7 days ago All these people "appropriating" our culture of innovation. Electricity, clean drinking water, modern sewage, food production, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
762xPat 3 points 7 days ago All these people "appropriating" our culture of innovation. Electricity, clean drinking water, modern sewage, food production, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 5 points 7 days ago Ask your American neighbors what percent of America is black. All races I have posed this question to in a major urban are are saying 45%. It's the medias fault, and why blacks are itching for a race war. The uniparty survives on division. permalink award report block reply