1125 Beyond Meat's plant-based promise wilts: once worth $8bn, company now nearly worthless and losing $1m a day posted 11 hours ago by CounterStrike 212 comments award share download report block
212 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save SHILL_DETECTOR 117 points 11 hours ago what success? lol, it was just promoted by the media so people bought the stock permalink award report block reply Tcrlaf1 63 points 10 hours ago The hype on this was incredible, kinda like AI is now. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 39 points 10 hours ago I must be retarded. I dont see why AI is so hyped. Its like a super google. Just puts search results into a paragraph and usually biased. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 24 points 10 hours ago Because they rebranded it as AI knowing that the general public doesn't understand the difference between internal industry terminology and well-established pop culture words, and that everyone there would immediately overestimate the value of their bullshit. It's the same reason the terms "cyber" and "cloud" and all the rest are thrown around. It's invocative, and that's how you get money. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 15 points 10 hours ago people actually think its alive, lol permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... MemesAndDreams 10 points 9 hours ago To be fair, I feel like even internally there’s way too much confusion on terminology. This is a stupid time to step on this soap box; but I digress. AI used to (and still is used to) describe anything that mimics human intelligence, whether everything is hard-coded logic (i.e. deterministic) or otherwise (e.g. stochastic). Machine learning refers to a subset that indicates utilizing a feedback mechanism for training, so explicit logic is no longer necessary. Neural networks and deep learning (just a neural network with 3+ layers) are a subset of ML with an activation function. All of these terms have been around for a while, like since WWII. There’s been a few booms in the industry with the accessibility to computational power. In the 2000s-2010s, the industry was still using the terms “neural networks” and “deep learning” fairly regularly. But at some point recently, that became too cumbersome, and it was abbreviated to just calling it “AI”. But not all AI, just the type of AI with a feedback mechanism (ML), and the subset of that type with a neural network. So we ended up with one word that simultaneously describes both a more specific and broader field. I try to use either “procedural logic”, “programmable logic”, or “just implementing common sense” for the broader field now. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ImpeachThisBitch 6 points 9 hours ago It single handedly ended the climate change narrative. Since each AI computer requires 7.2 gigawatts at 88 mph, we’ll need every ounce of “fossil fuel” for the energy to produce dank memes. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 6 points 9 hours ago It's called jigawatt not gigawatt. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 10 hours ago it's a bubble and the proof is how Palantir and OpenAI founders are melting down over people shorting their stock currently...on live tv LOL They are freaking out because it WILL cause a massive crash. The market is only held up by AI bullshit and NVidia's sales to them. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 7 points 9 hours ago OpenAI isn't publicly traded. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Rucktoe 2 points 9 hours ago Because liberals can use it to make other liberals think they are smart. permalink parent award report block reply schnazzmizzle 2 points 7 hours ago I don't get it either.  Saying AI is "smart" is like saying a mirror can see. permalink parent award report block reply load 24 more comments... CzechForTrump 8 points 10 hours ago Fuck everything artificial permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 3 points 10 hours ago artificial red/smoke, poison consumed permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 5 points 10 hours ago And just like fake meat, AI is going to crash. permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 4 points 6 hours ago AI is at least useful more than fake burgers permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 8 hours ago The hype wasn't really the issue I had with it. They not only shamed people for being critical of it, but also forced people to eat it under the guise of being real meat. A deceptive campaign is very bad, especially since this was carried out on micro levels (individuals who then helped to astroturf the likes of Reddit with their accounts of tricking family into eating it) I tried it. Had a shitty after taste. I moved on. I'll take real veggie burgers if that's something I crave. permalink parent award report block reply taytaytay 4 points 7 hours ago I agree. I'm a carnivore through and through, but there's nothing wrong with a traditional bean/veggie burger now and then. They can taste pretty good. No need for the monstrosity that is Beyond. It's just a shit product, and it doesn't even have the advantage of being healthy lol. 100% hyped up shit. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... SimaYi 12 points 10 hours ago People tried it. It was on every fast food menu at the time. People just realized it sucked. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 9 hours ago I love how whenever there is a major weather event, and even during COVID, you can walk down the supermarket aisles and see empty shelves everywhere except for where they sell fake meats. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago Yup. And what made it worse is they put that fake shit in the meat section when it should be in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 10 hours ago burgerking still has the impossible whopper, but thats probably a better brand permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 6 points 10 hours ago Here's the breakdown: Something was not popular before COVID Suddenly became popular during COVID Is now crashing post-COVID Never invest anything that just suddenly spikes in popularity with no rational reason as to why. Almost kinda similar to LaBubu dolls falling in popularity in 2025, or the rise and fall of Stanley Cups. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 4 points 10 hours ago Learn to sell when you've made a profit and don't keep hanging in there for more. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 10 hours ago then that applies to all these "delivery" services too... i noticed at the time that they were being promoted and everyone 'needed delivery' all the sudden (who wants fast food delivered COLD for double the price?) even before the whole covid scam came along, almost like corps were given the heads  up tho, i do like instacart pickup orders when they give me like $30 off a $50 purchase permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 1 points 9 hours ago The delivery services suck now because they cost more than when they started and the service has degraded to the point they leave food outside on the doorstep in a major city without notifying you that it was delivered (doordash). permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 48 minutes ago Pardon me, $30 off a $50 purchase? Where do i sign up? permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 34 minutes ago i find them on slickdeals.net over time i only use them if its a pickup order location sprouts a few times, kroger, publix...  mostly i stock cleaning supplies, sprouts was beef and turkey permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 10 hours ago This. You knew it was a fraud during covid. Nothing at the store was in stock, except the vegan section. Always full to the brim. Nobody is buying that crap. permalink parent award report block reply DarthVerminates 1 points 3 hours ago Yep. A few companies had been making better tasting veggie burgers for years already... beyond was just all hype. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago a decade ago the morningstar spicy black bean burgers were already good as hell permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments... magaspif 36 points 10 hours ago the only way this even had a chance of working is if it was CHEAPER than the real thing.  It was more expensive lmao permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 19 points 10 hours ago And that was the plan. They can't compete so they use govt to make the competition more expensive just like they did with eggs and the "mysterious" explosions of meat packing plants permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 7 points 10 hours ago Bill Gates & WEF hand wringing intensifies. ZEY WILL EAT ZEE BUGS permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 2 points 8 hours ago There's more money to be made controlling the market for widgets than building a better widget. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 0 points 10 hours ago they use govt to make the competition more expensive So, Teslas? permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 5 points 8 hours ago Plus it was oh so soy and full of estrogen. In the long run it would give you tits. permalink parent award report block reply dontdrinksoy 3 points 9 hours ago the only way this even had a chance of working is if it was CHEAPER than the real thing. It was more expensive lmao If it had been even just 30% cheaper, I think some people would be down for it. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 10 hours ago Sometimes it was still more even when discounted because no one was buying it lol permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 7 hours ago It could have been more expensive, because vegans are used to paying high prices for food. The problem is that their market is limited by veganism. And veganism has crashed with the economic slump and the trad life and MAHA trends. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... KilroyJCNJ 25 points 10 hours ago Ever notice that nobody has tried marketing meat look and taste like vegetables?🤔 permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 10 hours ago arby's made vegetables out of meat permalink parent award report block reply Throwingway22 4 points 10 hours ago Third-world hand slop troughs make all meat and vegetables look the same shade of brown. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 13 points 11 hours ago Yeah, but the hottie on the right...! permalink award report block reply x79q3pb 8 points 10 hours ago chick exists: wtf I love Soylent Green now! permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad -16 points 10 hours ago veganism is the only way to maintain a healthy BMI permalink parent award report block reply ganachain 13 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 3 points 9 hours ago Abstain From The Prepackaged Goyslop, And Overall Health Will Improve. permalink parent award report block reply DingleBalls 5 points 9 hours ago the "B" stands for "bullshit" as BMI is a bullshit unit for measuring health. It was invented over a century ago by a guy who arbitrarily seit a base value on what "looked healthy" at the time. Bodybuilders who are >10% body fat have "obese" BMI. Veganism is deprivation. Youre intentionally depriving your body of what it needs - ANIMAL PROTEIN - to build healthy muscle. Youre not gonna get that with plants. All because youw see a hangup with using animals as food permalink parent award report block reply tradcathbugman 2 points 7 hours ago BMI is a pretty good heuristic, which is easy to calculate and can be correlated with expected health outcomes.  Anybody with common sense looks at the rare shredded guy and knows BMI doesn't work for him, including his doctor, so who cares that it doesn't apply to him? Does is apply to you? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 8 hours ago This was a good troll, you had me in the first half. But where's the second? permalink parent award report block reply Limbaugh 1 points 10 hours ago Sarcasm I hope permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 6 points 10 hours ago username checks out permalink parent award report block reply GottaSitStand 5 points 7 hours ago Women who are vegan are either insanely hot looking and doing it to stay slim without exercise, OR they look like they are starving and haven't showered/shaved in a decade and are absolute nutjob environmental terrorists who will hurt you for their feelings. Most fall into the latter. Few can maintain decent-sized chests if they go this route. permalink parent award report block reply Eurpoean 2 points 10 hours ago She'd just yap about how meat is murder nonstop. Pass. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 7 hours ago She can't if my meat is in her mouth permalink parent award report block reply BaronFalcon 13 points 10 hours ago That garbage is full of toxic industrial chemicals like excitotoxins and industrial farming chemicals because its not organic, like almost all meat alternatives. Non GMO doesn't mean anything. It's literally healthier to eat organic real meat. permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Its not like vegans dont have other options. They have the entire produce section. Why would a group of people obsessed with their diet choose ultra processed options? permalink parent award report block reply schism 4 points 9 hours ago Beef is just processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Beef is God's processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply x79q3pb 1 points 5 hours ago They don't, hence the crashing of these companies. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago That misses the point. Beyond Meat was a pump and dump. It has nothing to do with demand of their product, which incidentally was shit as it turned out. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago Here's the deal: "vegans" eat like shit. Potato chips are 'vegan friendly'. It's pretty unusual to meet a vegan who actually eats a whole food plant based diet. Most just put anything that says 'vegan friendly' in their mouths without a second thought. permalink parent award report block reply sewers 13 points 10 hours ago Beyond Meat is chemical poison, real grass-fed beef is healthy for us.  Make Americans healthy again. permalink award report block reply covok48 9 points 10 hours ago I guess it got a case of USAIDs. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 6 points 10 hours ago In the words of world-famous salesman Ron Popeil: How much would you pay to lose one million dollars every day? permalink award report block reply DenturesNancy 5 points 9 hours ago why do vegans always have to mimic meat products?  that is a losing proposition for any sane mind permalink award report block reply Strzok 0 points 7 hours ago IMO, most vegan products mimicking meat/cheese/eggs etc are so people with allergies (to dairy/meat/gluten/etc) have alternatives that are similar to the food they like The hardcore PETA loving faggy vegans don't touch that stuff for the most part permalink parent award report block reply conservativefrank 5 points 10 hours ago That crap is awful. permalink award report block reply CounterStrike OP 5 points 11 hours ago https://www.dailymail.co.uk/yourmoney/article-15281897/beyond-meat-vegan-company-collapse-california.html permalink award report block reply GnuYow 5 points 10 hours ago I tried the Beyond Meat burgers, twice. After eating it, both times, for a couple hours I felt like I'd swallowed chewing gum - it felt like something was off, stuck in my system somewhere. permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 4 points 10 hours ago I tried one once. It wasn’t as bad as I expected, but it wasn’t great either.  For me, it just kind of left a weird lingering taste behind for a while. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 4 points 10 hours ago My husband tried the impossible whopper  once. He said his stomach felt like it was a giant heavy sponge stuck. He ate nothing more that day. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago You can make a "burger" out of lentils or black beans and mushrooms that are pretty good. No need to buy chemical shit. permalink parent award report block reply pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago Beyond burgers are absolutely foul. Impossible burgers are edible I guess, put enough burger toppings on there and it becomes hard to notice that you're not eating meat. But they're almost entirely made of oil and salt. permalink parent award report block reply Seruna_Kanus 5 points 9 hours ago Why the insistence of replacing meat for a clientele who aren't interested in meat to begin with? permalink award report block reply ClarenceBeeks 4 points 8 hours ago They absolutely tried everything to push this on people. Everything but gunpoint. There was never any real interest. All fake. permalink award report block reply lispboy 4 points 10 hours ago That girl in the jump suit. She eats meat. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 3 points 10 hours ago ...for $ permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 10 hours ago She eats alot more than that. permalink parent award report block reply warlord30 4 points 9 hours ago "Largest shareholders include Parkwood LLC, BlackRock, Inc., Vanguard Group Inc, State Street Corp, Vontobel Holding Ltd." Needless to say, this is a net-net-positive. https://grok.com/share/bGVnYWN5LWNvcHk%3D_04a1634c-de64-43fe-90a4-7eef12824ccc permalink award report block reply -Evspra 3 points 10 hours ago can't beat the real stuff permalink award report block reply Smdlegend 3 points 8 hours ago It was never a success. permalink award report block reply CaptainWinston 3 points 9 hours ago If you want to be a vegetarian fine, eat a salad. Why would you eat a fake burger?  Retards. permalink award report block reply Ricky_CIA 3 points 10 hours ago It was always worthless, investors are just gullible, greedy morons. permalink award report block reply barwhack 3 points 9 hours ago This garbage was ALWAYS trans-meat: cancer as if nutrition. We have divine-level nanotechnology already: they're called "cows" . permalink award report block reply jonzor82 2 points 6 hours ago They have a Believer Meats plant that was just recently finished just earlier this year in my town (Wilson, NC).  I almost considered applying, but I researched who owned it.  Now, I'm really glad I didn't invest time to work there. permalink award report block reply btntx 2 points 10 hours ago Nasty processed globalist shit. permalink award report block reply Magister_Caeli 2 points 10 hours ago I'm a vegetarian and nothing makes me happier than this. Beyond and Impossible need to crash and burn. If you want to eat something that tastes like meat, eat fucking meat permalink award report block reply nomoreprinkles 2 points 10 hours ago I remember reading how this crap was going to replace real beef in fast food according to the "experts" permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 9 hours ago Beyond Meat was basically a scam. The people who started it knew a lot about the stock market and how to raise capital and little about the food business. But don’t worry, they got tons of money out of it. permalink award report block reply RealmanPwns 2 points 10 hours ago Naaaasty stuff permalink award report block reply ATX_for_Trump 2 points 8 hours ago Chemical Meat.  Vegans and carnivores unite in distaste for fake meat. permalink award report block reply coinneach007 2 points 10 hours ago Who da guessed that there were more meat eaters than vegetarians! permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 2 points 10 hours ago Who eats this garbage? Apparrently nobody. permalink award report block reply DarthEP 2 points 9 hours ago The Hype Reminds Me Of The Hysteria Surrounding: Satanic Panic Jackson Family Talent Pool The .com Bubble Beanie Babies ENRON Bernie Madoff Quantum Computing Elizabeth Holmes' Nanotainer™ Empire These And Many Others, Are The Short-Lived Dependents Of Group-Think. permalink award report block reply Eurpoean 2 points 10 hours ago Good. Eat meat. permalink award report block reply CheeseAndOnion 2 points 6 hours ago I didnt realize it was that crap at costco once and chewed a sample.  I spit it in the garbage and went to the sausage and ham samples to get the taste out of my mouth. Truly disgusting shit. permalink award report block reply dodgetimes2 2 points 10 hours ago Wow I'm shocked, never could have seen this coming. permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 2 points 9 hours ago Let's take something people like (meat), and take out the part people like (the meat) and then charge more for it!  What could go wrong? permalink award report block reply Bubbahax 2 points 6 hours ago Early in the pandemic when people were cleaning out the grocery stores, the fake meat section was completely full surrounded by empty shelves.  Nobody wanted it. permalink award report block reply NotLikeThis 2 points 6 hours ago USAID permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 2 points 9 hours ago People wouldn't buy vegan fake meat even if they were starving. I saw this first hand when Texas had that week long power outage because of the ice storm. The vegan/gluten-free frozen section was the ONLY ones fully stocked. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 hours ago I'm sure USAID was propping shit like that up as well permalink award report block reply jermzdeejd 2 points 10 hours ago Never a success...just groups of wealthy people making it look like a success to people would buy it. permalink award report block reply DarthEP 1 points 9 hours ago They Call It, "Fake It 'Till You Make It." Considering The Volume Of Fakes And Failures, I Call It: "Faking & Taking" permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 hours ago How much did Bill Gates lose? permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 2 hours ago did they even bother tasting the shit before they released it on the public? there's far better meat alternative Burger products that have been on the market since the 80s that taste halfway decent. they spent 99.9% of their money on marketing and .1% on flavor permalink award report block reply freedom2520 1 points 2 hours ago Does this mean i don't have my menu cluttered with this worthless option anymore? permalink award report block reply NeutronDon1 1 points 9 hours ago Great to hear! permalink award report block reply SilentSniper 1 points 9 hours ago No one likes that shit. Plant based meat…GTFO permalink award report block reply mohel 1 points 7 hours ago should have used more AI permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 hours ago Apparently the girl in the picture is drinking Iced AI permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 4 hours ago Every product Kim Kardashian becomes a spokeswoman for does this. How are companies still hiring her?! permalink award report block reply Marble68 1 points 6 hours ago IMHO, and I've tried them both, Impossible's fake meat is a LOT better. I've never liked the beyond's flavor. I'm an omnivore, but wife's a vegetarian.  Yes, she's conservative. =) When she cooks some dishes she uses Impossible's product. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 9 hours ago Out of curiosity,  I had a Beyond Whopper years ago.  Basically a slightly rubbery tasteless patty. Of course,  everything at Burger King tastes like this anyway. permalink award report block reply taytaytay 1 points 7 hours ago how dare you permalink parent award report block reply Cheezee 1 points 10 hours ago I never understood their gimmick, vegans hate meat so why make vegan food look like meat. permalink award report block reply fponick 1 points 10 hours ago Halving my carbon footprint sounds like I just crippled myself. Not doing it! permalink award report block reply TheUncouthTruth 1 points 10 hours ago GOOD. permalink award report block reply Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 10 hours ago The word "meat" in the name was the downfall. This shit would be popular right now if they called it something like, "Protein Plant," and the shit tasted like grilled zucchini or eggplant. Trying to call that shit meat just made it a target for ridicule. Especially when people saw bloated, expired, and moldy packages of it rotting in the meat section. permalink award report block reply bluedevilga 1 points 10 hours ago All one had to do is ready the beyond meat ingredients and the read the purina dog chow ingredients to realize that they were identical. It was cheap dog food.  My dogs eat better. If you are a VC or angel investor…..please do not skip this important due diligence step! permalink award report block reply hey_spike 1 points 5 hours ago Sell it in NYC government run grocery store.  It will be the only thing not looted. permalink award report block reply RPD2 1 points 8 hours ago Gonna buck the trend out of all 151 comments. I like the taste of beyond meat and how I'm not digging into the gristle of chunks taken from cut up carcasses in a slaughterhouse with blood dripping everywhere, where such animals live often very poor lives and often die in torture. permalink award report block reply blue5707 1 points 10 hours ago SNAP didn't cover it?! permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 1 points 5 hours ago Those “burgers” smelled like cat piss when people would cook them. Wife had a vegan cousin. That shit was disgusting. permalink award report block reply Dev404 1 points 8 hours ago If I wanted to get sick from the fungus-ridden factories these are made in, I'd go down on a feminist. permalink award report block reply MarshallB 1 points 9 hours ago Building an entire business on a marginal customer base with an expectation it will become popular is INSANE! permalink award report block reply MissingTrump 1 points 9 hours ago Oh no. Anyway. permalink award report block reply Nanteen 1 points 9 hours ago Look if you're going to be a vegetarian or vegan fine. You made a choice. You don't get to have hamburgers and shit anymore. Eat your fucking vegetables and tofu and shut the fuck up permalink award report block reply BuenoDrake 1 points 8 hours ago That picture on the right, women who look like that dont eat this shit...they eat real meat to attain those assets. permalink award report block reply elgordo 1 points 8 hours ago BEYOND DOG FOOD permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 1 points 10 hours ago Veganism is a small nitch market of people who claim they have a "better Way".. Trying to push this into the mainstream is pretty dumb ass and when you get to doing it in large volume it becomes double dumb ass.. Daughter and her family are vegan so we have eaten stuff like this a few times but not by choice.. You can mix the fake ground meat with real hamburger and make a passable meatloaf or hamburger patty.. The government could allocate a few pounds of this in food parcels in place of the SNAP money.. permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 9 hours ago Bill Gates ain't eating that crap, so until he swears off steak and starts eating lab grown meat and vegan exclusively, it's not to be taken seriously permalink award report block reply tholinz 1 points 10 hours ago And this is why they want socialism, folks. Capitalism rejects their bullshit products designed to "help the planet" but socialism allows them to force it on us without choice. It's for your own good, you meat eating bigots! (/s) permalink award report block reply popcycle 1 points 8 hours ago i think in the century to come we will eventually understand what a massive, multi decade trap, the USA and the world escaped from in 2020-2024 permalink award report block reply ak83 1 points 8 hours ago it was an incredible meme stock. permalink award report block reply CommonSenseAmerican 1 points 10 hours ago When you charge more than the real meat for plant meat product. Would be interesting to find out how many resources lab grown meat uses up compared to the animal product. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 10 hours ago If you don't want to eat beef, don't go looking for beef-a-like products. It's like alcohol-free beer or ordering a 'mocktail' - just drink something else. Be authentic. permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 10 hours ago Have a sister who was hardcore vegan for 20 years. Started with good intentions: "I luv animulz..." Even though I always joked about the mass slaughter of plants vegans commit. Mushrooms even communicate with each other, etc etc. Similar to most vegans, eventually she got severe IBS and bloating. Started with 1 hamburger. She felt better instantly. She gained strength and energy as she started eating more and more meat and less plant fiber. Now she eats whatever she wants and finally got her career started. She is much happier! I suspect many vegans are going through this too. Veganism really took off along with all the other bullshit beliefs with the advent of social media, particularly the earlier years of youtube (bro lifting psyence, insane vegans, etc). Now, people are sick, tired and broke so they are dumping the bullshit. permalink award report block reply Maxmax 1 points 9 hours ago No one is eating that shit. permalink award report block reply 17pat76 1 points 10 hours ago Cancer infested bullshit, wonder why they are broke? permalink award report block reply Fox_Dragon 1 points 9 hours ago o wow vegans are a niche community who guessed permalink award report block reply TentacleLord 1 points 9 hours ago They would have done a lot better if instead of trying to guilt trip meat eaters into buying their garbage they just marketed to people on vegan/vegan like diets. Like instead of making shitty fake meat just make good veggie alternatives, but that's probably too hard for these people. permalink award report block reply midwestdeplorable 1 points 9 hours ago Cattle guy here, and said from day one along with others in the field that this was nothing more than a fad that would die on the vine. Nasty ass shit "food" that made some investors very wealthy, even recently with a run up and then those that shorted the hell of of it. permalink award report block reply quiznossucks 1 points 10 hours ago packaged dog shit..... permalink award report block reply TheSonOfGadsden 1 points 4 hours ago Dunkin’ Donuts didn’t carry their product for more than 6 months, and then it began to fall off big time permalink award report block reply dontdrinksoy 1 points 9 hours ago Flavored-soy that costs far more than real meat. "No thanks," said the people. permalink award report block reply Mamapedia 0 points 10 hours ago Who really cares about this inconsequential bullshit when the future of the working and middle classes is being sold to the highest bidder?  Did the mods sticky this to bring us all together against a cheap, common enemy because of the recent tensions around Trump's words and actions? permalink award report block reply MAGA9428 0 points 10 hours ago Was this really so important that it deserved getting pinned? JFC. permalink award report block reply dixie_knormous 0 points 8 hours ago I actually really like beyond meat. For me, it's better in a lot of ways. I love steak, burgers, chicken, ribs, all that stuff. But something about eating beyond meat makes me feel like a better person, like this choice makes me superior to everyone else.
They don't need to make "money" to stay in business. Companies that are good for the environment should get a bailout. permalink award report block reply MADASHELLNEWS -2 points 10 hours ago I guess people don't like to eat a black woman's vaginal cancer tumors from a immortal cell line grown in huge vats.Why isn't Bill Gates in prison yet. permalink award report block reply covok48 -1 points 10 hours ago Go home, Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 117 points 11 hours ago what success? lol, it was just promoted by the media so people bought the stock permalink award report block reply Tcrlaf1 63 points 10 hours ago The hype on this was incredible, kinda like AI is now. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 39 points 10 hours ago I must be retarded. I dont see why AI is so hyped. Its like a super google. Just puts search results into a paragraph and usually biased. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 24 points 10 hours ago Because they rebranded it as AI knowing that the general public doesn't understand the difference between internal industry terminology and well-established pop culture words, and that everyone there would immediately overestimate the value of their bullshit. It's the same reason the terms "cyber" and "cloud" and all the rest are thrown around. It's invocative, and that's how you get money. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 15 points 10 hours ago people actually think its alive, lol permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... MemesAndDreams 10 points 9 hours ago To be fair, I feel like even internally there’s way too much confusion on terminology. This is a stupid time to step on this soap box; but I digress. AI used to (and still is used to) describe anything that mimics human intelligence, whether everything is hard-coded logic (i.e. deterministic) or otherwise (e.g. stochastic). Machine learning refers to a subset that indicates utilizing a feedback mechanism for training, so explicit logic is no longer necessary. Neural networks and deep learning (just a neural network with 3+ layers) are a subset of ML with an activation function. All of these terms have been around for a while, like since WWII. There’s been a few booms in the industry with the accessibility to computational power. In the 2000s-2010s, the industry was still using the terms “neural networks” and “deep learning” fairly regularly. But at some point recently, that became too cumbersome, and it was abbreviated to just calling it “AI”. But not all AI, just the type of AI with a feedback mechanism (ML), and the subset of that type with a neural network. So we ended up with one word that simultaneously describes both a more specific and broader field. I try to use either “procedural logic”, “programmable logic”, or “just implementing common sense” for the broader field now. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ImpeachThisBitch 6 points 9 hours ago It single handedly ended the climate change narrative. Since each AI computer requires 7.2 gigawatts at 88 mph, we’ll need every ounce of “fossil fuel” for the energy to produce dank memes. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 6 points 9 hours ago It's called jigawatt not gigawatt. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 10 hours ago it's a bubble and the proof is how Palantir and OpenAI founders are melting down over people shorting their stock currently...on live tv LOL They are freaking out because it WILL cause a massive crash. The market is only held up by AI bullshit and NVidia's sales to them. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 7 points 9 hours ago OpenAI isn't publicly traded. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Rucktoe 2 points 9 hours ago Because liberals can use it to make other liberals think they are smart. permalink parent award report block reply schnazzmizzle 2 points 7 hours ago I don't get it either.  Saying AI is "smart" is like saying a mirror can see. permalink parent award report block reply load 24 more comments... CzechForTrump 8 points 10 hours ago Fuck everything artificial permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 3 points 10 hours ago artificial red/smoke, poison consumed permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 5 points 10 hours ago And just like fake meat, AI is going to crash. permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 4 points 6 hours ago AI is at least useful more than fake burgers permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 8 hours ago The hype wasn't really the issue I had with it. They not only shamed people for being critical of it, but also forced people to eat it under the guise of being real meat. A deceptive campaign is very bad, especially since this was carried out on micro levels (individuals who then helped to astroturf the likes of Reddit with their accounts of tricking family into eating it) I tried it. Had a shitty after taste. I moved on. I'll take real veggie burgers if that's something I crave. permalink parent award report block reply taytaytay 4 points 7 hours ago I agree. I'm a carnivore through and through, but there's nothing wrong with a traditional bean/veggie burger now and then. They can taste pretty good. No need for the monstrosity that is Beyond. It's just a shit product, and it doesn't even have the advantage of being healthy lol. 100% hyped up shit. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... SimaYi 12 points 10 hours ago People tried it. It was on every fast food menu at the time. People just realized it sucked. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 9 hours ago I love how whenever there is a major weather event, and even during COVID, you can walk down the supermarket aisles and see empty shelves everywhere except for where they sell fake meats. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago Yup. And what made it worse is they put that fake shit in the meat section when it should be in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 10 hours ago burgerking still has the impossible whopper, but thats probably a better brand permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 6 points 10 hours ago Here's the breakdown: Something was not popular before COVID Suddenly became popular during COVID Is now crashing post-COVID Never invest anything that just suddenly spikes in popularity with no rational reason as to why. Almost kinda similar to LaBubu dolls falling in popularity in 2025, or the rise and fall of Stanley Cups. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 4 points 10 hours ago Learn to sell when you've made a profit and don't keep hanging in there for more. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 10 hours ago then that applies to all these "delivery" services too... i noticed at the time that they were being promoted and everyone 'needed delivery' all the sudden (who wants fast food delivered COLD for double the price?) even before the whole covid scam came along, almost like corps were given the heads  up tho, i do like instacart pickup orders when they give me like $30 off a $50 purchase permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 1 points 9 hours ago The delivery services suck now because they cost more than when they started and the service has degraded to the point they leave food outside on the doorstep in a major city without notifying you that it was delivered (doordash). permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 48 minutes ago Pardon me, $30 off a $50 purchase? Where do i sign up? permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 34 minutes ago i find them on slickdeals.net over time i only use them if its a pickup order location sprouts a few times, kroger, publix...  mostly i stock cleaning supplies, sprouts was beef and turkey permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 10 hours ago This. You knew it was a fraud during covid. Nothing at the store was in stock, except the vegan section. Always full to the brim. Nobody is buying that crap. permalink parent award report block reply DarthVerminates 1 points 3 hours ago Yep. A few companies had been making better tasting veggie burgers for years already... beyond was just all hype. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago a decade ago the morningstar spicy black bean burgers were already good as hell permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments...
Tcrlaf1 63 points 10 hours ago The hype on this was incredible, kinda like AI is now. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 39 points 10 hours ago I must be retarded. I dont see why AI is so hyped. Its like a super google. Just puts search results into a paragraph and usually biased. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 24 points 10 hours ago Because they rebranded it as AI knowing that the general public doesn't understand the difference between internal industry terminology and well-established pop culture words, and that everyone there would immediately overestimate the value of their bullshit. It's the same reason the terms "cyber" and "cloud" and all the rest are thrown around. It's invocative, and that's how you get money. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 15 points 10 hours ago people actually think its alive, lol permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... MemesAndDreams 10 points 9 hours ago To be fair, I feel like even internally there’s way too much confusion on terminology. This is a stupid time to step on this soap box; but I digress. AI used to (and still is used to) describe anything that mimics human intelligence, whether everything is hard-coded logic (i.e. deterministic) or otherwise (e.g. stochastic). Machine learning refers to a subset that indicates utilizing a feedback mechanism for training, so explicit logic is no longer necessary. Neural networks and deep learning (just a neural network with 3+ layers) are a subset of ML with an activation function. All of these terms have been around for a while, like since WWII. There’s been a few booms in the industry with the accessibility to computational power. In the 2000s-2010s, the industry was still using the terms “neural networks” and “deep learning” fairly regularly. But at some point recently, that became too cumbersome, and it was abbreviated to just calling it “AI”. But not all AI, just the type of AI with a feedback mechanism (ML), and the subset of that type with a neural network. So we ended up with one word that simultaneously describes both a more specific and broader field. I try to use either “procedural logic”, “programmable logic”, or “just implementing common sense” for the broader field now. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ImpeachThisBitch 6 points 9 hours ago It single handedly ended the climate change narrative. Since each AI computer requires 7.2 gigawatts at 88 mph, we’ll need every ounce of “fossil fuel” for the energy to produce dank memes. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 6 points 9 hours ago It's called jigawatt not gigawatt. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 10 hours ago it's a bubble and the proof is how Palantir and OpenAI founders are melting down over people shorting their stock currently...on live tv LOL They are freaking out because it WILL cause a massive crash. The market is only held up by AI bullshit and NVidia's sales to them. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 7 points 9 hours ago OpenAI isn't publicly traded. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Rucktoe 2 points 9 hours ago Because liberals can use it to make other liberals think they are smart. permalink parent award report block reply schnazzmizzle 2 points 7 hours ago I don't get it either.  Saying AI is "smart" is like saying a mirror can see. permalink parent award report block reply load 24 more comments... CzechForTrump 8 points 10 hours ago Fuck everything artificial permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 3 points 10 hours ago artificial red/smoke, poison consumed permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 5 points 10 hours ago And just like fake meat, AI is going to crash. permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 4 points 6 hours ago AI is at least useful more than fake burgers permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 8 hours ago The hype wasn't really the issue I had with it. They not only shamed people for being critical of it, but also forced people to eat it under the guise of being real meat. A deceptive campaign is very bad, especially since this was carried out on micro levels (individuals who then helped to astroturf the likes of Reddit with their accounts of tricking family into eating it) I tried it. Had a shitty after taste. I moved on. I'll take real veggie burgers if that's something I crave. permalink parent award report block reply taytaytay 4 points 7 hours ago I agree. I'm a carnivore through and through, but there's nothing wrong with a traditional bean/veggie burger now and then. They can taste pretty good. No need for the monstrosity that is Beyond. It's just a shit product, and it doesn't even have the advantage of being healthy lol. 100% hyped up shit. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Here_we_go 39 points 10 hours ago I must be retarded. I dont see why AI is so hyped. Its like a super google. Just puts search results into a paragraph and usually biased. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 24 points 10 hours ago Because they rebranded it as AI knowing that the general public doesn't understand the difference between internal industry terminology and well-established pop culture words, and that everyone there would immediately overestimate the value of their bullshit. It's the same reason the terms "cyber" and "cloud" and all the rest are thrown around. It's invocative, and that's how you get money. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 15 points 10 hours ago people actually think its alive, lol permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... MemesAndDreams 10 points 9 hours ago To be fair, I feel like even internally there’s way too much confusion on terminology. This is a stupid time to step on this soap box; but I digress. AI used to (and still is used to) describe anything that mimics human intelligence, whether everything is hard-coded logic (i.e. deterministic) or otherwise (e.g. stochastic). Machine learning refers to a subset that indicates utilizing a feedback mechanism for training, so explicit logic is no longer necessary. Neural networks and deep learning (just a neural network with 3+ layers) are a subset of ML with an activation function. All of these terms have been around for a while, like since WWII. There’s been a few booms in the industry with the accessibility to computational power. In the 2000s-2010s, the industry was still using the terms “neural networks” and “deep learning” fairly regularly. But at some point recently, that became too cumbersome, and it was abbreviated to just calling it “AI”. But not all AI, just the type of AI with a feedback mechanism (ML), and the subset of that type with a neural network. So we ended up with one word that simultaneously describes both a more specific and broader field. I try to use either “procedural logic”, “programmable logic”, or “just implementing common sense” for the broader field now. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ImpeachThisBitch 6 points 9 hours ago It single handedly ended the climate change narrative. Since each AI computer requires 7.2 gigawatts at 88 mph, we’ll need every ounce of “fossil fuel” for the energy to produce dank memes. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 6 points 9 hours ago It's called jigawatt not gigawatt. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 10 hours ago it's a bubble and the proof is how Palantir and OpenAI founders are melting down over people shorting their stock currently...on live tv LOL They are freaking out because it WILL cause a massive crash. The market is only held up by AI bullshit and NVidia's sales to them. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 7 points 9 hours ago OpenAI isn't publicly traded. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Rucktoe 2 points 9 hours ago Because liberals can use it to make other liberals think they are smart. permalink parent award report block reply schnazzmizzle 2 points 7 hours ago I don't get it either.  Saying AI is "smart" is like saying a mirror can see. permalink parent award report block reply load 24 more comments...
tholinz 24 points 10 hours ago Because they rebranded it as AI knowing that the general public doesn't understand the difference between internal industry terminology and well-established pop culture words, and that everyone there would immediately overestimate the value of their bullshit. It's the same reason the terms "cyber" and "cloud" and all the rest are thrown around. It's invocative, and that's how you get money. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 15 points 10 hours ago people actually think its alive, lol permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... MemesAndDreams 10 points 9 hours ago To be fair, I feel like even internally there’s way too much confusion on terminology. This is a stupid time to step on this soap box; but I digress. AI used to (and still is used to) describe anything that mimics human intelligence, whether everything is hard-coded logic (i.e. deterministic) or otherwise (e.g. stochastic). Machine learning refers to a subset that indicates utilizing a feedback mechanism for training, so explicit logic is no longer necessary. Neural networks and deep learning (just a neural network with 3+ layers) are a subset of ML with an activation function. All of these terms have been around for a while, like since WWII. There’s been a few booms in the industry with the accessibility to computational power. In the 2000s-2010s, the industry was still using the terms “neural networks” and “deep learning” fairly regularly. But at some point recently, that became too cumbersome, and it was abbreviated to just calling it “AI”. But not all AI, just the type of AI with a feedback mechanism (ML), and the subset of that type with a neural network. So we ended up with one word that simultaneously describes both a more specific and broader field. I try to use either “procedural logic”, “programmable logic”, or “just implementing common sense” for the broader field now. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
SHILL_DETECTOR 15 points 10 hours ago people actually think its alive, lol permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
MemesAndDreams 10 points 9 hours ago To be fair, I feel like even internally there’s way too much confusion on terminology. This is a stupid time to step on this soap box; but I digress. AI used to (and still is used to) describe anything that mimics human intelligence, whether everything is hard-coded logic (i.e. deterministic) or otherwise (e.g. stochastic). Machine learning refers to a subset that indicates utilizing a feedback mechanism for training, so explicit logic is no longer necessary. Neural networks and deep learning (just a neural network with 3+ layers) are a subset of ML with an activation function. All of these terms have been around for a while, like since WWII. There’s been a few booms in the industry with the accessibility to computational power. In the 2000s-2010s, the industry was still using the terms “neural networks” and “deep learning” fairly regularly. But at some point recently, that became too cumbersome, and it was abbreviated to just calling it “AI”. But not all AI, just the type of AI with a feedback mechanism (ML), and the subset of that type with a neural network. So we ended up with one word that simultaneously describes both a more specific and broader field. I try to use either “procedural logic”, “programmable logic”, or “just implementing common sense” for the broader field now. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
ImpeachThisBitch 6 points 9 hours ago It single handedly ended the climate change narrative. Since each AI computer requires 7.2 gigawatts at 88 mph, we’ll need every ounce of “fossil fuel” for the energy to produce dank memes. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 6 points 9 hours ago It's called jigawatt not gigawatt. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
nonrate 6 points 9 hours ago It's called jigawatt not gigawatt. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
NonbinaryPotatohead 5 points 10 hours ago it's a bubble and the proof is how Palantir and OpenAI founders are melting down over people shorting their stock currently...on live tv LOL They are freaking out because it WILL cause a massive crash. The market is only held up by AI bullshit and NVidia's sales to them. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 7 points 9 hours ago OpenAI isn't publicly traded. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 7 points 9 hours ago OpenAI isn't publicly traded. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Rucktoe 2 points 9 hours ago Because liberals can use it to make other liberals think they are smart. permalink parent award report block reply
schnazzmizzle 2 points 7 hours ago I don't get it either.  Saying AI is "smart" is like saying a mirror can see. permalink parent award report block reply
CzechForTrump 8 points 10 hours ago Fuck everything artificial permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 3 points 10 hours ago artificial red/smoke, poison consumed permalink parent award report block reply
Bohemyth_2 3 points 10 hours ago artificial red/smoke, poison consumed permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 5 points 10 hours ago And just like fake meat, AI is going to crash. permalink parent award report block reply
Choppermagic 4 points 6 hours ago AI is at least useful more than fake burgers permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 8 hours ago The hype wasn't really the issue I had with it. They not only shamed people for being critical of it, but also forced people to eat it under the guise of being real meat. A deceptive campaign is very bad, especially since this was carried out on micro levels (individuals who then helped to astroturf the likes of Reddit with their accounts of tricking family into eating it) I tried it. Had a shitty after taste. I moved on. I'll take real veggie burgers if that's something I crave. permalink parent award report block reply taytaytay 4 points 7 hours ago I agree. I'm a carnivore through and through, but there's nothing wrong with a traditional bean/veggie burger now and then. They can taste pretty good. No need for the monstrosity that is Beyond. It's just a shit product, and it doesn't even have the advantage of being healthy lol. 100% hyped up shit. permalink parent award report block reply
taytaytay 4 points 7 hours ago I agree. I'm a carnivore through and through, but there's nothing wrong with a traditional bean/veggie burger now and then. They can taste pretty good. No need for the monstrosity that is Beyond. It's just a shit product, and it doesn't even have the advantage of being healthy lol. 100% hyped up shit. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 12 points 10 hours ago People tried it. It was on every fast food menu at the time. People just realized it sucked. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 7 points 9 hours ago I love how whenever there is a major weather event, and even during COVID, you can walk down the supermarket aisles and see empty shelves everywhere except for where they sell fake meats. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago Yup. And what made it worse is they put that fake shit in the meat section when it should be in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 10 hours ago burgerking still has the impossible whopper, but thats probably a better brand permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 7 points 9 hours ago I love how whenever there is a major weather event, and even during COVID, you can walk down the supermarket aisles and see empty shelves everywhere except for where they sell fake meats. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago Yup. And what made it worse is they put that fake shit in the meat section when it should be in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 1 points 7 hours ago Yup. And what made it worse is they put that fake shit in the meat section when it should be in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 10 hours ago burgerking still has the impossible whopper, but thats probably a better brand permalink parent award report block reply
McFatty7 6 points 10 hours ago Here's the breakdown: Something was not popular before COVID Suddenly became popular during COVID Is now crashing post-COVID Never invest anything that just suddenly spikes in popularity with no rational reason as to why. Almost kinda similar to LaBubu dolls falling in popularity in 2025, or the rise and fall of Stanley Cups. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 4 points 10 hours ago Learn to sell when you've made a profit and don't keep hanging in there for more. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 10 hours ago then that applies to all these "delivery" services too... i noticed at the time that they were being promoted and everyone 'needed delivery' all the sudden (who wants fast food delivered COLD for double the price?) even before the whole covid scam came along, almost like corps were given the heads  up tho, i do like instacart pickup orders when they give me like $30 off a $50 purchase permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 1 points 9 hours ago The delivery services suck now because they cost more than when they started and the service has degraded to the point they leave food outside on the doorstep in a major city without notifying you that it was delivered (doordash). permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 48 minutes ago Pardon me, $30 off a $50 purchase? Where do i sign up? permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 34 minutes ago i find them on slickdeals.net over time i only use them if its a pickup order location sprouts a few times, kroger, publix...  mostly i stock cleaning supplies, sprouts was beef and turkey permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 4 points 10 hours ago Learn to sell when you've made a profit and don't keep hanging in there for more. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 10 hours ago then that applies to all these "delivery" services too... i noticed at the time that they were being promoted and everyone 'needed delivery' all the sudden (who wants fast food delivered COLD for double the price?) even before the whole covid scam came along, almost like corps were given the heads  up tho, i do like instacart pickup orders when they give me like $30 off a $50 purchase permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 1 points 9 hours ago The delivery services suck now because they cost more than when they started and the service has degraded to the point they leave food outside on the doorstep in a major city without notifying you that it was delivered (doordash). permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 48 minutes ago Pardon me, $30 off a $50 purchase? Where do i sign up? permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 34 minutes ago i find them on slickdeals.net over time i only use them if its a pickup order location sprouts a few times, kroger, publix...  mostly i stock cleaning supplies, sprouts was beef and turkey permalink parent award report block reply
nonrate 1 points 9 hours ago The delivery services suck now because they cost more than when they started and the service has degraded to the point they leave food outside on the doorstep in a major city without notifying you that it was delivered (doordash). permalink parent award report block reply
Electrician 1 points 48 minutes ago Pardon me, $30 off a $50 purchase? Where do i sign up? permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 34 minutes ago i find them on slickdeals.net over time i only use them if its a pickup order location sprouts a few times, kroger, publix...  mostly i stock cleaning supplies, sprouts was beef and turkey permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 34 minutes ago i find them on slickdeals.net over time i only use them if its a pickup order location sprouts a few times, kroger, publix...  mostly i stock cleaning supplies, sprouts was beef and turkey permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 10 hours ago This. You knew it was a fraud during covid. Nothing at the store was in stock, except the vegan section. Always full to the brim. Nobody is buying that crap. permalink parent award report block reply
DarthVerminates 1 points 3 hours ago Yep. A few companies had been making better tasting veggie burgers for years already... beyond was just all hype. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago a decade ago the morningstar spicy black bean burgers were already good as hell permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago a decade ago the morningstar spicy black bean burgers were already good as hell permalink parent award report block reply
magaspif 36 points 10 hours ago the only way this even had a chance of working is if it was CHEAPER than the real thing.  It was more expensive lmao permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 19 points 10 hours ago And that was the plan. They can't compete so they use govt to make the competition more expensive just like they did with eggs and the "mysterious" explosions of meat packing plants permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 7 points 10 hours ago Bill Gates & WEF hand wringing intensifies. ZEY WILL EAT ZEE BUGS permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 2 points 8 hours ago There's more money to be made controlling the market for widgets than building a better widget. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 0 points 10 hours ago they use govt to make the competition more expensive So, Teslas? permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 5 points 8 hours ago Plus it was oh so soy and full of estrogen. In the long run it would give you tits. permalink parent award report block reply dontdrinksoy 3 points 9 hours ago the only way this even had a chance of working is if it was CHEAPER than the real thing. It was more expensive lmao If it had been even just 30% cheaper, I think some people would be down for it. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 10 hours ago Sometimes it was still more even when discounted because no one was buying it lol permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 7 hours ago It could have been more expensive, because vegans are used to paying high prices for food. The problem is that their market is limited by veganism. And veganism has crashed with the economic slump and the trad life and MAHA trends. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 19 points 10 hours ago And that was the plan. They can't compete so they use govt to make the competition more expensive just like they did with eggs and the "mysterious" explosions of meat packing plants permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 7 points 10 hours ago Bill Gates & WEF hand wringing intensifies. ZEY WILL EAT ZEE BUGS permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 2 points 8 hours ago There's more money to be made controlling the market for widgets than building a better widget. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 0 points 10 hours ago they use govt to make the competition more expensive So, Teslas? permalink parent award report block reply
HKgoneWild 7 points 10 hours ago Bill Gates & WEF hand wringing intensifies. ZEY WILL EAT ZEE BUGS permalink parent award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 2 points 8 hours ago There's more money to be made controlling the market for widgets than building a better widget. permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 0 points 10 hours ago they use govt to make the competition more expensive So, Teslas? permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 5 points 8 hours ago Plus it was oh so soy and full of estrogen. In the long run it would give you tits. permalink parent award report block reply
dontdrinksoy 3 points 9 hours ago the only way this even had a chance of working is if it was CHEAPER than the real thing. It was more expensive lmao If it had been even just 30% cheaper, I think some people would be down for it. permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 2 points 10 hours ago Sometimes it was still more even when discounted because no one was buying it lol permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 7 hours ago It could have been more expensive, because vegans are used to paying high prices for food. The problem is that their market is limited by veganism. And veganism has crashed with the economic slump and the trad life and MAHA trends. permalink parent award report block reply
KilroyJCNJ 25 points 10 hours ago Ever notice that nobody has tried marketing meat look and taste like vegetables?🤔 permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 10 hours ago arby's made vegetables out of meat permalink parent award report block reply Throwingway22 4 points 10 hours ago Third-world hand slop troughs make all meat and vegetables look the same shade of brown. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 10 hours ago arby's made vegetables out of meat permalink parent award report block reply
Throwingway22 4 points 10 hours ago Third-world hand slop troughs make all meat and vegetables look the same shade of brown. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 13 points 11 hours ago Yeah, but the hottie on the right...! permalink award report block reply x79q3pb 8 points 10 hours ago chick exists: wtf I love Soylent Green now! permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad -16 points 10 hours ago veganism is the only way to maintain a healthy BMI permalink parent award report block reply ganachain 13 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 3 points 9 hours ago Abstain From The Prepackaged Goyslop, And Overall Health Will Improve. permalink parent award report block reply DingleBalls 5 points 9 hours ago the "B" stands for "bullshit" as BMI is a bullshit unit for measuring health. It was invented over a century ago by a guy who arbitrarily seit a base value on what "looked healthy" at the time. Bodybuilders who are >10% body fat have "obese" BMI. Veganism is deprivation. Youre intentionally depriving your body of what it needs - ANIMAL PROTEIN - to build healthy muscle. Youre not gonna get that with plants. All because youw see a hangup with using animals as food permalink parent award report block reply tradcathbugman 2 points 7 hours ago BMI is a pretty good heuristic, which is easy to calculate and can be correlated with expected health outcomes.  Anybody with common sense looks at the rare shredded guy and knows BMI doesn't work for him, including his doctor, so who cares that it doesn't apply to him? Does is apply to you? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 8 hours ago This was a good troll, you had me in the first half. But where's the second? permalink parent award report block reply Limbaugh 1 points 10 hours ago Sarcasm I hope permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 6 points 10 hours ago username checks out permalink parent award report block reply GottaSitStand 5 points 7 hours ago Women who are vegan are either insanely hot looking and doing it to stay slim without exercise, OR they look like they are starving and haven't showered/shaved in a decade and are absolute nutjob environmental terrorists who will hurt you for their feelings. Most fall into the latter. Few can maintain decent-sized chests if they go this route. permalink parent award report block reply Eurpoean 2 points 10 hours ago She'd just yap about how meat is murder nonstop. Pass. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 7 hours ago She can't if my meat is in her mouth permalink parent award report block reply
x79q3pb 8 points 10 hours ago chick exists: wtf I love Soylent Green now! permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad -16 points 10 hours ago veganism is the only way to maintain a healthy BMI permalink parent award report block reply ganachain 13 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 3 points 9 hours ago Abstain From The Prepackaged Goyslop, And Overall Health Will Improve. permalink parent award report block reply DingleBalls 5 points 9 hours ago the "B" stands for "bullshit" as BMI is a bullshit unit for measuring health. It was invented over a century ago by a guy who arbitrarily seit a base value on what "looked healthy" at the time. Bodybuilders who are >10% body fat have "obese" BMI. Veganism is deprivation. Youre intentionally depriving your body of what it needs - ANIMAL PROTEIN - to build healthy muscle. Youre not gonna get that with plants. All because youw see a hangup with using animals as food permalink parent award report block reply tradcathbugman 2 points 7 hours ago BMI is a pretty good heuristic, which is easy to calculate and can be correlated with expected health outcomes.  Anybody with common sense looks at the rare shredded guy and knows BMI doesn't work for him, including his doctor, so who cares that it doesn't apply to him? Does is apply to you? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 8 hours ago This was a good troll, you had me in the first half. But where's the second? permalink parent award report block reply Limbaugh 1 points 10 hours ago Sarcasm I hope permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad -16 points 10 hours ago veganism is the only way to maintain a healthy BMI permalink parent award report block reply ganachain 13 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 3 points 9 hours ago Abstain From The Prepackaged Goyslop, And Overall Health Will Improve. permalink parent award report block reply DingleBalls 5 points 9 hours ago the "B" stands for "bullshit" as BMI is a bullshit unit for measuring health. It was invented over a century ago by a guy who arbitrarily seit a base value on what "looked healthy" at the time. Bodybuilders who are >10% body fat have "obese" BMI. Veganism is deprivation. Youre intentionally depriving your body of what it needs - ANIMAL PROTEIN - to build healthy muscle. Youre not gonna get that with plants. All because youw see a hangup with using animals as food permalink parent award report block reply tradcathbugman 2 points 7 hours ago BMI is a pretty good heuristic, which is easy to calculate and can be correlated with expected health outcomes.  Anybody with common sense looks at the rare shredded guy and knows BMI doesn't work for him, including his doctor, so who cares that it doesn't apply to him? Does is apply to you? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 8 hours ago This was a good troll, you had me in the first half. But where's the second? permalink parent award report block reply Limbaugh 1 points 10 hours ago Sarcasm I hope permalink parent award report block reply
ganachain 13 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 3 points 9 hours ago Abstain From The Prepackaged Goyslop, And Overall Health Will Improve. permalink parent award report block reply
DarthEP 3 points 9 hours ago Abstain From The Prepackaged Goyslop, And Overall Health Will Improve. permalink parent award report block reply
DingleBalls 5 points 9 hours ago the "B" stands for "bullshit" as BMI is a bullshit unit for measuring health. It was invented over a century ago by a guy who arbitrarily seit a base value on what "looked healthy" at the time. Bodybuilders who are >10% body fat have "obese" BMI. Veganism is deprivation. Youre intentionally depriving your body of what it needs - ANIMAL PROTEIN - to build healthy muscle. Youre not gonna get that with plants. All because youw see a hangup with using animals as food permalink parent award report block reply tradcathbugman 2 points 7 hours ago BMI is a pretty good heuristic, which is easy to calculate and can be correlated with expected health outcomes.  Anybody with common sense looks at the rare shredded guy and knows BMI doesn't work for him, including his doctor, so who cares that it doesn't apply to him? Does is apply to you? permalink parent award report block reply
tradcathbugman 2 points 7 hours ago BMI is a pretty good heuristic, which is easy to calculate and can be correlated with expected health outcomes.  Anybody with common sense looks at the rare shredded guy and knows BMI doesn't work for him, including his doctor, so who cares that it doesn't apply to him? Does is apply to you? permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 8 hours ago This was a good troll, you had me in the first half. But where's the second? permalink parent award report block reply
Limbaugh 1 points 10 hours ago Sarcasm I hope permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 6 points 10 hours ago username checks out permalink parent award report block reply
GottaSitStand 5 points 7 hours ago Women who are vegan are either insanely hot looking and doing it to stay slim without exercise, OR they look like they are starving and haven't showered/shaved in a decade and are absolute nutjob environmental terrorists who will hurt you for their feelings. Most fall into the latter. Few can maintain decent-sized chests if they go this route. permalink parent award report block reply
Eurpoean 2 points 10 hours ago She'd just yap about how meat is murder nonstop. Pass. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 7 hours ago She can't if my meat is in her mouth permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 7 hours ago She can't if my meat is in her mouth permalink parent award report block reply
BaronFalcon 13 points 10 hours ago That garbage is full of toxic industrial chemicals like excitotoxins and industrial farming chemicals because its not organic, like almost all meat alternatives. Non GMO doesn't mean anything. It's literally healthier to eat organic real meat. permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Its not like vegans dont have other options. They have the entire produce section. Why would a group of people obsessed with their diet choose ultra processed options? permalink parent award report block reply schism 4 points 9 hours ago Beef is just processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Beef is God's processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply x79q3pb 1 points 5 hours ago They don't, hence the crashing of these companies. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago That misses the point. Beyond Meat was a pump and dump. It has nothing to do with demand of their product, which incidentally was shit as it turned out. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago Here's the deal: "vegans" eat like shit. Potato chips are 'vegan friendly'. It's pretty unusual to meet a vegan who actually eats a whole food plant based diet. Most just put anything that says 'vegan friendly' in their mouths without a second thought. permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Its not like vegans dont have other options. They have the entire produce section. Why would a group of people obsessed with their diet choose ultra processed options? permalink parent award report block reply schism 4 points 9 hours ago Beef is just processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Beef is God's processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply x79q3pb 1 points 5 hours ago They don't, hence the crashing of these companies. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago That misses the point. Beyond Meat was a pump and dump. It has nothing to do with demand of their product, which incidentally was shit as it turned out. permalink parent award report block reply
schism 4 points 9 hours ago Beef is just processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Beef is God's processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago Beef is God's processed produce. permalink parent award report block reply
x79q3pb 1 points 5 hours ago They don't, hence the crashing of these companies. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago That misses the point. Beyond Meat was a pump and dump. It has nothing to do with demand of their product, which incidentally was shit as it turned out. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago That misses the point. Beyond Meat was a pump and dump. It has nothing to do with demand of their product, which incidentally was shit as it turned out. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago Here's the deal: "vegans" eat like shit. Potato chips are 'vegan friendly'. It's pretty unusual to meet a vegan who actually eats a whole food plant based diet. Most just put anything that says 'vegan friendly' in their mouths without a second thought. permalink parent award report block reply
sewers 13 points 10 hours ago Beyond Meat is chemical poison, real grass-fed beef is healthy for us.  Make Americans healthy again. permalink award report block reply
covok48 9 points 10 hours ago I guess it got a case of USAIDs. permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 6 points 10 hours ago In the words of world-famous salesman Ron Popeil: How much would you pay to lose one million dollars every day? permalink award report block reply
DenturesNancy 5 points 9 hours ago why do vegans always have to mimic meat products?  that is a losing proposition for any sane mind permalink award report block reply Strzok 0 points 7 hours ago IMO, most vegan products mimicking meat/cheese/eggs etc are so people with allergies (to dairy/meat/gluten/etc) have alternatives that are similar to the food they like The hardcore PETA loving faggy vegans don't touch that stuff for the most part permalink parent award report block reply
Strzok 0 points 7 hours ago IMO, most vegan products mimicking meat/cheese/eggs etc are so people with allergies (to dairy/meat/gluten/etc) have alternatives that are similar to the food they like The hardcore PETA loving faggy vegans don't touch that stuff for the most part permalink parent award report block reply
conservativefrank 5 points 10 hours ago That crap is awful. permalink award report block reply
CounterStrike OP 5 points 11 hours ago https://www.dailymail.co.uk/yourmoney/article-15281897/beyond-meat-vegan-company-collapse-california.html permalink award report block reply
GnuYow 5 points 10 hours ago I tried the Beyond Meat burgers, twice. After eating it, both times, for a couple hours I felt like I'd swallowed chewing gum - it felt like something was off, stuck in my system somewhere. permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 4 points 10 hours ago I tried one once. It wasn’t as bad as I expected, but it wasn’t great either.  For me, it just kind of left a weird lingering taste behind for a while. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 4 points 10 hours ago My husband tried the impossible whopper  once. He said his stomach felt like it was a giant heavy sponge stuck. He ate nothing more that day. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago You can make a "burger" out of lentils or black beans and mushrooms that are pretty good. No need to buy chemical shit. permalink parent award report block reply pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago Beyond burgers are absolutely foul. Impossible burgers are edible I guess, put enough burger toppings on there and it becomes hard to notice that you're not eating meat. But they're almost entirely made of oil and salt. permalink parent award report block reply
thisisatestof2 4 points 10 hours ago I tried one once. It wasn’t as bad as I expected, but it wasn’t great either.  For me, it just kind of left a weird lingering taste behind for a while. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 4 points 10 hours ago My husband tried the impossible whopper  once. He said his stomach felt like it was a giant heavy sponge stuck. He ate nothing more that day. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 hours ago You can make a "burger" out of lentils or black beans and mushrooms that are pretty good. No need to buy chemical shit. permalink parent award report block reply
pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago Beyond burgers are absolutely foul. Impossible burgers are edible I guess, put enough burger toppings on there and it becomes hard to notice that you're not eating meat. But they're almost entirely made of oil and salt. permalink parent award report block reply
Seruna_Kanus 5 points 9 hours ago Why the insistence of replacing meat for a clientele who aren't interested in meat to begin with? permalink award report block reply
ClarenceBeeks 4 points 8 hours ago They absolutely tried everything to push this on people. Everything but gunpoint. There was never any real interest. All fake. permalink award report block reply
lispboy 4 points 10 hours ago That girl in the jump suit. She eats meat. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 3 points 10 hours ago ...for $ permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 10 hours ago She eats alot more than that. permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 3 points 10 hours ago ...for $ permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 10 hours ago She eats alot more than that. permalink parent award report block reply
warlord30 4 points 9 hours ago "Largest shareholders include Parkwood LLC, BlackRock, Inc., Vanguard Group Inc, State Street Corp, Vontobel Holding Ltd." Needless to say, this is a net-net-positive. https://grok.com/share/bGVnYWN5LWNvcHk%3D_04a1634c-de64-43fe-90a4-7eef12824ccc permalink award report block reply
-Evspra 3 points 10 hours ago can't beat the real stuff permalink award report block reply
Smdlegend 3 points 8 hours ago It was never a success. permalink award report block reply
CaptainWinston 3 points 9 hours ago If you want to be a vegetarian fine, eat a salad. Why would you eat a fake burger?  Retards. permalink award report block reply
Ricky_CIA 3 points 10 hours ago It was always worthless, investors are just gullible, greedy morons. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 3 points 9 hours ago This garbage was ALWAYS trans-meat: cancer as if nutrition. We have divine-level nanotechnology already: they're called "cows" . permalink award report block reply
jonzor82 2 points 6 hours ago They have a Believer Meats plant that was just recently finished just earlier this year in my town (Wilson, NC).  I almost considered applying, but I researched who owned it.  Now, I'm really glad I didn't invest time to work there. permalink award report block reply
btntx 2 points 10 hours ago Nasty processed globalist shit. permalink award report block reply
Magister_Caeli 2 points 10 hours ago I'm a vegetarian and nothing makes me happier than this. Beyond and Impossible need to crash and burn. If you want to eat something that tastes like meat, eat fucking meat permalink award report block reply
nomoreprinkles 2 points 10 hours ago I remember reading how this crap was going to replace real beef in fast food according to the "experts" permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 9 hours ago Beyond Meat was basically a scam. The people who started it knew a lot about the stock market and how to raise capital and little about the food business. But don’t worry, they got tons of money out of it. permalink award report block reply
RealmanPwns 2 points 10 hours ago Naaaasty stuff permalink award report block reply
ATX_for_Trump 2 points 8 hours ago Chemical Meat.  Vegans and carnivores unite in distaste for fake meat. permalink award report block reply
coinneach007 2 points 10 hours ago Who da guessed that there were more meat eaters than vegetarians! permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 2 points 10 hours ago Who eats this garbage? Apparrently nobody. permalink award report block reply
DarthEP 2 points 9 hours ago The Hype Reminds Me Of The Hysteria Surrounding: Satanic Panic Jackson Family Talent Pool The .com Bubble Beanie Babies ENRON Bernie Madoff Quantum Computing Elizabeth Holmes' Nanotainer™ Empire These And Many Others, Are The Short-Lived Dependents Of Group-Think. permalink award report block reply
Eurpoean 2 points 10 hours ago Good. Eat meat. permalink award report block reply
CheeseAndOnion 2 points 6 hours ago I didnt realize it was that crap at costco once and chewed a sample.  I spit it in the garbage and went to the sausage and ham samples to get the taste out of my mouth. Truly disgusting shit. permalink award report block reply
dodgetimes2 2 points 10 hours ago Wow I'm shocked, never could have seen this coming. permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 2 points 9 hours ago Let's take something people like (meat), and take out the part people like (the meat) and then charge more for it!  What could go wrong? permalink award report block reply
Bubbahax 2 points 6 hours ago Early in the pandemic when people were cleaning out the grocery stores, the fake meat section was completely full surrounded by empty shelves.  Nobody wanted it. permalink award report block reply
NotLikeThis 2 points 6 hours ago USAID permalink award report block reply
DontTreadOnSnek 2 points 9 hours ago People wouldn't buy vegan fake meat even if they were starving. I saw this first hand when Texas had that week long power outage because of the ice storm. The vegan/gluten-free frozen section was the ONLY ones fully stocked. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 10 hours ago I'm sure USAID was propping shit like that up as well permalink award report block reply
jermzdeejd 2 points 10 hours ago Never a success...just groups of wealthy people making it look like a success to people would buy it. permalink award report block reply DarthEP 1 points 9 hours ago They Call It, "Fake It 'Till You Make It." Considering The Volume Of Fakes And Failures, I Call It: "Faking & Taking" permalink parent award report block reply
DarthEP 1 points 9 hours ago They Call It, "Fake It 'Till You Make It." Considering The Volume Of Fakes And Failures, I Call It: "Faking & Taking" permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 5 hours ago How much did Bill Gates lose? permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 2 hours ago did they even bother tasting the shit before they released it on the public? there's far better meat alternative Burger products that have been on the market since the 80s that taste halfway decent. they spent 99.9% of their money on marketing and .1% on flavor permalink award report block reply
freedom2520 1 points 2 hours ago Does this mean i don't have my menu cluttered with this worthless option anymore? permalink award report block reply
NeutronDon1 1 points 9 hours ago Great to hear! permalink award report block reply
SilentSniper 1 points 9 hours ago No one likes that shit. Plant based meat…GTFO permalink award report block reply
mohel 1 points 7 hours ago should have used more AI permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 hours ago Apparently the girl in the picture is drinking Iced AI permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 5 hours ago Apparently the girl in the picture is drinking Iced AI permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 4 hours ago Every product Kim Kardashian becomes a spokeswoman for does this. How are companies still hiring her?! permalink award report block reply
Marble68 1 points 6 hours ago IMHO, and I've tried them both, Impossible's fake meat is a LOT better. I've never liked the beyond's flavor. I'm an omnivore, but wife's a vegetarian.  Yes, she's conservative. =) When she cooks some dishes she uses Impossible's product. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 1 points 9 hours ago Out of curiosity,  I had a Beyond Whopper years ago.  Basically a slightly rubbery tasteless patty. Of course,  everything at Burger King tastes like this anyway. permalink award report block reply taytaytay 1 points 7 hours ago how dare you permalink parent award report block reply
taytaytay 1 points 7 hours ago how dare you permalink parent award report block reply
Cheezee 1 points 10 hours ago I never understood their gimmick, vegans hate meat so why make vegan food look like meat. permalink award report block reply
fponick 1 points 10 hours ago Halving my carbon footprint sounds like I just crippled myself. Not doing it! permalink award report block reply
TheUncouthTruth 1 points 10 hours ago GOOD. permalink award report block reply
Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 10 hours ago The word "meat" in the name was the downfall. This shit would be popular right now if they called it something like, "Protein Plant," and the shit tasted like grilled zucchini or eggplant. Trying to call that shit meat just made it a target for ridicule. Especially when people saw bloated, expired, and moldy packages of it rotting in the meat section. permalink award report block reply
bluedevilga 1 points 10 hours ago All one had to do is ready the beyond meat ingredients and the read the purina dog chow ingredients to realize that they were identical. It was cheap dog food.  My dogs eat better. If you are a VC or angel investor…..please do not skip this important due diligence step! permalink award report block reply
hey_spike 1 points 5 hours ago Sell it in NYC government run grocery store.  It will be the only thing not looted. permalink award report block reply
RPD2 1 points 8 hours ago Gonna buck the trend out of all 151 comments. I like the taste of beyond meat and how I'm not digging into the gristle of chunks taken from cut up carcasses in a slaughterhouse with blood dripping everywhere, where such animals live often very poor lives and often die in torture. permalink award report block reply
blue5707 1 points 10 hours ago SNAP didn't cover it?! permalink award report block reply
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 1 points 5 hours ago Those “burgers” smelled like cat piss when people would cook them. Wife had a vegan cousin. That shit was disgusting. permalink award report block reply
Dev404 1 points 8 hours ago If I wanted to get sick from the fungus-ridden factories these are made in, I'd go down on a feminist. permalink award report block reply
MarshallB 1 points 9 hours ago Building an entire business on a marginal customer base with an expectation it will become popular is INSANE! permalink award report block reply
MissingTrump 1 points 9 hours ago Oh no. Anyway. permalink award report block reply
Nanteen 1 points 9 hours ago Look if you're going to be a vegetarian or vegan fine. You made a choice. You don't get to have hamburgers and shit anymore. Eat your fucking vegetables and tofu and shut the fuck up permalink award report block reply
BuenoDrake 1 points 8 hours ago That picture on the right, women who look like that dont eat this shit...they eat real meat to attain those assets. permalink award report block reply
elgordo 1 points 8 hours ago BEYOND DOG FOOD permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 1 points 10 hours ago Veganism is a small nitch market of people who claim they have a "better Way".. Trying to push this into the mainstream is pretty dumb ass and when you get to doing it in large volume it becomes double dumb ass.. Daughter and her family are vegan so we have eaten stuff like this a few times but not by choice.. You can mix the fake ground meat with real hamburger and make a passable meatloaf or hamburger patty.. The government could allocate a few pounds of this in food parcels in place of the SNAP money.. permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 1 points 9 hours ago Bill Gates ain't eating that crap, so until he swears off steak and starts eating lab grown meat and vegan exclusively, it's not to be taken seriously permalink award report block reply
tholinz 1 points 10 hours ago And this is why they want socialism, folks. Capitalism rejects their bullshit products designed to "help the planet" but socialism allows them to force it on us without choice. It's for your own good, you meat eating bigots! (/s) permalink award report block reply
popcycle 1 points 8 hours ago i think in the century to come we will eventually understand what a massive, multi decade trap, the USA and the world escaped from in 2020-2024 permalink award report block reply
ak83 1 points 8 hours ago it was an incredible meme stock. permalink award report block reply
CommonSenseAmerican 1 points 10 hours ago When you charge more than the real meat for plant meat product. Would be interesting to find out how many resources lab grown meat uses up compared to the animal product. permalink award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 1 points 10 hours ago If you don't want to eat beef, don't go looking for beef-a-like products. It's like alcohol-free beer or ordering a 'mocktail' - just drink something else. Be authentic. permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 10 hours ago Have a sister who was hardcore vegan for 20 years. Started with good intentions: "I luv animulz..." Even though I always joked about the mass slaughter of plants vegans commit. Mushrooms even communicate with each other, etc etc. Similar to most vegans, eventually she got severe IBS and bloating. Started with 1 hamburger. She felt better instantly. She gained strength and energy as she started eating more and more meat and less plant fiber. Now she eats whatever she wants and finally got her career started. She is much happier! I suspect many vegans are going through this too. Veganism really took off along with all the other bullshit beliefs with the advent of social media, particularly the earlier years of youtube (bro lifting psyence, insane vegans, etc). Now, people are sick, tired and broke so they are dumping the bullshit. permalink award report block reply
Maxmax 1 points 9 hours ago No one is eating that shit. permalink award report block reply
17pat76 1 points 10 hours ago Cancer infested bullshit, wonder why they are broke? permalink award report block reply
Fox_Dragon 1 points 9 hours ago o wow vegans are a niche community who guessed permalink award report block reply
TentacleLord 1 points 9 hours ago They would have done a lot better if instead of trying to guilt trip meat eaters into buying their garbage they just marketed to people on vegan/vegan like diets. Like instead of making shitty fake meat just make good veggie alternatives, but that's probably too hard for these people. permalink award report block reply
midwestdeplorable 1 points 9 hours ago Cattle guy here, and said from day one along with others in the field that this was nothing more than a fad that would die on the vine. Nasty ass shit "food" that made some investors very wealthy, even recently with a run up and then those that shorted the hell of of it. permalink award report block reply
quiznossucks 1 points 10 hours ago packaged dog shit..... permalink award report block reply
TheSonOfGadsden 1 points 4 hours ago Dunkin’ Donuts didn’t carry their product for more than 6 months, and then it began to fall off big time permalink award report block reply
dontdrinksoy 1 points 9 hours ago Flavored-soy that costs far more than real meat. "No thanks," said the people. permalink award report block reply
Mamapedia 0 points 10 hours ago Who really cares about this inconsequential bullshit when the future of the working and middle classes is being sold to the highest bidder?  Did the mods sticky this to bring us all together against a cheap, common enemy because of the recent tensions around Trump's words and actions? permalink award report block reply
MAGA9428 0 points 10 hours ago Was this really so important that it deserved getting pinned? JFC. permalink award report block reply
dixie_knormous 0 points 8 hours ago I actually really like beyond meat. For me, it's better in a lot of ways. I love steak, burgers, chicken, ribs, all that stuff. But something about eating beyond meat makes me feel like a better person, like this choice makes me superior to everyone else.
They don't need to make "money" to stay in business. Companies that are good for the environment should get a bailout. permalink award report block reply
MADASHELLNEWS -2 points 10 hours ago I guess people don't like to eat a black woman's vaginal cancer tumors from a immortal cell line grown in huge vats.Why isn't Bill Gates in prison yet. permalink award report block reply covok48 -1 points 10 hours ago Go home, Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 -1 points 10 hours ago Go home, Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply