327 It's happening posted 3 days ago by FlgPole 4 comments award share download report block
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness HaloGrow Prandogolio 18 points 3 days ago They're not trying to escape their shit holes.  They're trying to expand them.  Stop acting like this is confusing. permalink award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 4 points 3 days ago When you live in 2025 but you're the same goatfucking pedorapist as there were over 10,000 years ago permalink award report block reply FlgPole OP 3 points 3 days ago Religion teaches that knowledge is evil. Knowledge eliminated faith and also fear. the greatest fear of religion is called revelations. what is a revelation its knowledge. how would anyone know that they are in a book burning cult that makes everyone dumber? permalink parent award report block reply Tellman125 1 points 2 days ago MORON SCANDUMMY permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 18 points 3 days ago They're not trying to escape their shit holes.  They're trying to expand them.  Stop acting like this is confusing. permalink award report block reply
darkmodeforgotpass 4 points 3 days ago When you live in 2025 but you're the same goatfucking pedorapist as there were over 10,000 years ago permalink award report block reply FlgPole OP 3 points 3 days ago Religion teaches that knowledge is evil. Knowledge eliminated faith and also fear. the greatest fear of religion is called revelations. what is a revelation its knowledge. how would anyone know that they are in a book burning cult that makes everyone dumber? permalink parent award report block reply
FlgPole OP 3 points 3 days ago Religion teaches that knowledge is evil. Knowledge eliminated faith and also fear. the greatest fear of religion is called revelations. what is a revelation its knowledge. how would anyone know that they are in a book burning cult that makes everyone dumber? permalink parent award report block reply
Tellman125 1 points 2 days ago MORON SCANDUMMY permalink award report block reply