968 President Trump kicks off his Sunday morning by calling on Senate Republicans to terminate the filibuster and end the shutdown posted 3 days ago by Looniz74 PRO 43 comments award share report block Breanna Morello @BreannaMorello • 3d 🚨JUST POSTED🚨 President Trump kicks off his Sunday morning by calling on Senate Republicans to terminate the filibuster and end the shutdown!
43 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save assblast 34 points 3 days ago Very disappointed in his screeching into the void 10x a day with the same message and seemingly no actual action on his part. "Well what should he do doomer lol?" Not be hyperventilating on "trooth soshul" 10x a day like a high school girl going through a breakup. Maybe he should pretend it was another meeting with Zelensky or Putin, it's where he seems to have all his energy and flys around and does meetings and gets tough. Put actual members of Congress on notice. Light a fire under their actual ass, not "in general". Threaten them. Have national addresses. Nobody even knows what he's doing, the press doesn't cover his "truths" since he's still hissy-fitting over Twitter/X and not using it. Force them to. Rallies? Hello? Where did they go? It's like first term Trump had all the energy and fire with no experience. Second term Trump has the experience with no energy. It's such a frustrating disconnect. But hey, 50-year mortgages lets fucking go! permalink award report block reply DT170x 7 points 3 days ago Even Trump call them one by one on a rally. Congress will not do any thing. There is a reason we call them uniparty. That why we should be primary them at the first chance. The void = uniparty and it doesn't care. permalink parent award report block reply indigo_truther 11 points 3 days ago They know Trump will only be in office for 3 more years, while they will hold their offices for another 30 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 3 days ago Aye "life after Trump" is something folks need to consider and I feel that people have this entitled sense of righteousness where they believe that they will always win because they are right. Its the same thing why I shake my head when folks think the only reason democrats win is via cheating. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 3 points 3 days ago And why is he. communicating with Congress via Truth Social?  Stupid. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 1 points 3 days ago Actually we can individually serve politicians and bureaucrats notice.  That's how a case is started and we do not need lawyers for that part 1000% if you see something send a registered mail notice and record the notice in the newspaper legal section. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 3 days ago I love Trump but yeah - the 50yr mortgage thing is fucking retarded. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 0 points 3 days ago Get the hell off this site democrat. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 6 points 3 days ago lol, you are the one who sounds like a Democrat. “You don’t agree with me 100% and you’re thinking thoughts I don’t like, so GO AWAY!” You sound exactly like a democrat. 😂 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 4 points 3 days ago Essentially the place is getting very echo-Chambery over the last 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply BTFOBrandon 4 points 3 days ago You're not convincing anyone, glowie. permalink parent award report block reply load 6 more comments... Bullet3250 19 points 3 days ago Would cause 'accountability' in the Senate again... And you know who hates that ...?? The Senate. permalink award report block reply FreeFire 6 points 3 days ago Good point.  Best comment. permalink parent award report block reply BoomShtick 4 points 3 days ago The senators should be voted in by state representatives/legislatures again and not the popular vote permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 3 days ago I agree - but of course that was all a Mafia Crime back then too... when then got the energy to move the vote to the citizen and  away from the states. ALL GOVERNMENT is under the control of what is called 'Corporate Capture' ... and the vote does not matter right now because both sides are just BOUGHT OFF INSTANTLY by the big money. DC power now goes to the Highest Bidder. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 3 days ago The 16th Amendment and 19th Amendment get a lot of flak around here, and rightly so, but the 17th had a multitude of negative effects on the Republic. It stripped the states of almost all of their power over the Federal government. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 12 points 3 days ago Some martial law and ending clown world
goes best with hot morning covfefe permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 7 points 3 days ago We don't have 51 votes. This will stall for a year if they need it permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 7 points 3 days ago Perhaps, President Trump should deploy V.P. Vance to use his authority as President of the Senate, even if that means using obscure rules or loopholes. As Dick Cheney demonstrated, the Vice President can be a powerful position of the executive branch. permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 4 points 3 days ago He doesn't have the balls....  dems would.  They will stop at nothing... it's like they just want the prize more than us. 40% of us don't even vote. permalink parent award report block reply FreeFire 6 points 3 days ago I'm okay with the shutdown. . .things are easier, quieter. Things are under control. permalink award report block reply Mega_MAGA 3 points 3 days ago Because you are a Democrat permalink parent award report block reply puglife 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Braineack 4 points 3 days ago Maybe one more all caps tweet and they'll finally listen to the president permalink award report block reply Senaleb 4 points 3 days ago aww jeez, just like the last 3 times ...they won't do it. Very effective strategy though.... permalink award report block reply Trump2020or4eva 3 points 3 days ago 🥱 permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 3 points 3 days ago maybe they should listen to the president of the United States. permalink award report block reply Johnrgalt 3 points 3 days ago I want chopper rides for the commies. They tried to kill him and still playing by the rules. Come on let’s go already. Midterms next year, and if no one is in Guantanamo or hung by then we are going to have a very deflated base. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 2 points 3 days ago Why is “things” in quotes? permalink award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Usually its because you don't want to provide actual details...like if the list was .. Get rid of illegals, Lower costs, give billions to Israel, provide Americans jobs, buttfuck SaltyTitties4, Jail criminals in the admin, Make AI Great Again. permalink parent award report block reply Mega_MAGA 2 points 3 days ago They won't have enough lawyers to stop us permalink award report block reply BitterRoots 1 points 3 days ago Old man screeching at clouds...meanwhile vote fraud remains unaddressed, ICE agents are catching bullets,  commies are winning elections, J6 conspirators remain free and untouched, creeps who stole an election and broke the law to frame a sitting president behave with impunity.  But yeah, another social post will make an impact 😡 permalink award report block reply Executarian2 1 points 3 days ago He needs to move on from it. Either get it done in private or pivot to something else. It makes him look weak and angry to screech online constantly to no action. permalink award report block reply readonly-polarbear 1 points 3 days ago I know it's damaging, but I think the "shutdown" is quite amusing. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago Only when we have a MAGA Party can we really fight the system. GOP is just a silent partner to the Dems. permalink award report block reply Looniz74 OP PRO 1 points 3 days ago https://x.com/BreannaMorello/status/1987492245638119591?s=20 permalink award report block reply LibtardBusterMAGA 1 points 3 days ago It's almost like we don't control, the house, Senate or white house at this point permalink award report block reply
assblast 34 points 3 days ago Very disappointed in his screeching into the void 10x a day with the same message and seemingly no actual action on his part. "Well what should he do doomer lol?" Not be hyperventilating on "trooth soshul" 10x a day like a high school girl going through a breakup. Maybe he should pretend it was another meeting with Zelensky or Putin, it's where he seems to have all his energy and flys around and does meetings and gets tough. Put actual members of Congress on notice. Light a fire under their actual ass, not "in general". Threaten them. Have national addresses. Nobody even knows what he's doing, the press doesn't cover his "truths" since he's still hissy-fitting over Twitter/X and not using it. Force them to. Rallies? Hello? Where did they go? It's like first term Trump had all the energy and fire with no experience. Second term Trump has the experience with no energy. It's such a frustrating disconnect. But hey, 50-year mortgages lets fucking go! permalink award report block reply DT170x 7 points 3 days ago Even Trump call them one by one on a rally. Congress will not do any thing. There is a reason we call them uniparty. That why we should be primary them at the first chance. The void = uniparty and it doesn't care. permalink parent award report block reply indigo_truther 11 points 3 days ago They know Trump will only be in office for 3 more years, while they will hold their offices for another 30 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 3 days ago Aye "life after Trump" is something folks need to consider and I feel that people have this entitled sense of righteousness where they believe that they will always win because they are right. Its the same thing why I shake my head when folks think the only reason democrats win is via cheating. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 3 points 3 days ago And why is he. communicating with Congress via Truth Social?  Stupid. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 1 points 3 days ago Actually we can individually serve politicians and bureaucrats notice.  That's how a case is started and we do not need lawyers for that part 1000% if you see something send a registered mail notice and record the notice in the newspaper legal section. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 3 days ago I love Trump but yeah - the 50yr mortgage thing is fucking retarded. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 0 points 3 days ago Get the hell off this site democrat. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 6 points 3 days ago lol, you are the one who sounds like a Democrat. “You don’t agree with me 100% and you’re thinking thoughts I don’t like, so GO AWAY!” You sound exactly like a democrat. 😂 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 4 points 3 days ago Essentially the place is getting very echo-Chambery over the last 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply BTFOBrandon 4 points 3 days ago You're not convincing anyone, glowie. permalink parent award report block reply load 6 more comments...
DT170x 7 points 3 days ago Even Trump call them one by one on a rally. Congress will not do any thing. There is a reason we call them uniparty. That why we should be primary them at the first chance. The void = uniparty and it doesn't care. permalink parent award report block reply indigo_truther 11 points 3 days ago They know Trump will only be in office for 3 more years, while they will hold their offices for another 30 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 3 days ago Aye "life after Trump" is something folks need to consider and I feel that people have this entitled sense of righteousness where they believe that they will always win because they are right. Its the same thing why I shake my head when folks think the only reason democrats win is via cheating. permalink parent award report block reply
indigo_truther 11 points 3 days ago They know Trump will only be in office for 3 more years, while they will hold their offices for another 30 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 3 days ago Aye "life after Trump" is something folks need to consider and I feel that people have this entitled sense of righteousness where they believe that they will always win because they are right. Its the same thing why I shake my head when folks think the only reason democrats win is via cheating. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 5 points 3 days ago Aye "life after Trump" is something folks need to consider and I feel that people have this entitled sense of righteousness where they believe that they will always win because they are right. Its the same thing why I shake my head when folks think the only reason democrats win is via cheating. permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 3 points 3 days ago And why is he. communicating with Congress via Truth Social?  Stupid. permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 1 points 3 days ago Actually we can individually serve politicians and bureaucrats notice.  That's how a case is started and we do not need lawyers for that part 1000% if you see something send a registered mail notice and record the notice in the newspaper legal section. permalink parent award report block reply
FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 3 days ago I love Trump but yeah - the 50yr mortgage thing is fucking retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 0 points 3 days ago Get the hell off this site democrat. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 6 points 3 days ago lol, you are the one who sounds like a Democrat. “You don’t agree with me 100% and you’re thinking thoughts I don’t like, so GO AWAY!” You sound exactly like a democrat. 😂 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 4 points 3 days ago Essentially the place is getting very echo-Chambery over the last 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply BTFOBrandon 4 points 3 days ago You're not convincing anyone, glowie. permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 6 points 3 days ago lol, you are the one who sounds like a Democrat. “You don’t agree with me 100% and you’re thinking thoughts I don’t like, so GO AWAY!” You sound exactly like a democrat. 😂 permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 4 points 3 days ago Essentially the place is getting very echo-Chambery over the last 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 4 points 3 days ago Essentially the place is getting very echo-Chambery over the last 8 months. permalink parent award report block reply
BTFOBrandon 4 points 3 days ago You're not convincing anyone, glowie. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 19 points 3 days ago Would cause 'accountability' in the Senate again... And you know who hates that ...?? The Senate. permalink award report block reply FreeFire 6 points 3 days ago Good point.  Best comment. permalink parent award report block reply BoomShtick 4 points 3 days ago The senators should be voted in by state representatives/legislatures again and not the popular vote permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 3 days ago I agree - but of course that was all a Mafia Crime back then too... when then got the energy to move the vote to the citizen and  away from the states. ALL GOVERNMENT is under the control of what is called 'Corporate Capture' ... and the vote does not matter right now because both sides are just BOUGHT OFF INSTANTLY by the big money. DC power now goes to the Highest Bidder. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 3 days ago The 16th Amendment and 19th Amendment get a lot of flak around here, and rightly so, but the 17th had a multitude of negative effects on the Republic. It stripped the states of almost all of their power over the Federal government. permalink parent award report block reply
FreeFire 6 points 3 days ago Good point.  Best comment. permalink parent award report block reply
BoomShtick 4 points 3 days ago The senators should be voted in by state representatives/legislatures again and not the popular vote permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 3 days ago I agree - but of course that was all a Mafia Crime back then too... when then got the energy to move the vote to the citizen and  away from the states. ALL GOVERNMENT is under the control of what is called 'Corporate Capture' ... and the vote does not matter right now because both sides are just BOUGHT OFF INSTANTLY by the big money. DC power now goes to the Highest Bidder. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 3 days ago The 16th Amendment and 19th Amendment get a lot of flak around here, and rightly so, but the 17th had a multitude of negative effects on the Republic. It stripped the states of almost all of their power over the Federal government. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 5 points 3 days ago I agree - but of course that was all a Mafia Crime back then too... when then got the energy to move the vote to the citizen and  away from the states. ALL GOVERNMENT is under the control of what is called 'Corporate Capture' ... and the vote does not matter right now because both sides are just BOUGHT OFF INSTANTLY by the big money. DC power now goes to the Highest Bidder. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 1 points 3 days ago The 16th Amendment and 19th Amendment get a lot of flak around here, and rightly so, but the 17th had a multitude of negative effects on the Republic. It stripped the states of almost all of their power over the Federal government. permalink parent award report block reply
Bohemyth_2 12 points 3 days ago Some martial law and ending clown world
goes best with hot morning covfefe permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 7 points 3 days ago We don't have 51 votes. This will stall for a year if they need it permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 7 points 3 days ago Perhaps, President Trump should deploy V.P. Vance to use his authority as President of the Senate, even if that means using obscure rules or loopholes. As Dick Cheney demonstrated, the Vice President can be a powerful position of the executive branch. permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 4 points 3 days ago He doesn't have the balls....  dems would.  They will stop at nothing... it's like they just want the prize more than us. 40% of us don't even vote. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 4 points 3 days ago He doesn't have the balls....  dems would.  They will stop at nothing... it's like they just want the prize more than us. 40% of us don't even vote. permalink parent award report block reply
FreeFire 6 points 3 days ago I'm okay with the shutdown. . .things are easier, quieter. Things are under control. permalink award report block reply Mega_MAGA 3 points 3 days ago Because you are a Democrat permalink parent award report block reply puglife 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 3 points 3 days ago Because you are a Democrat permalink parent award report block reply puglife 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
puglife 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Braineack 4 points 3 days ago Maybe one more all caps tweet and they'll finally listen to the president permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 4 points 3 days ago aww jeez, just like the last 3 times ...they won't do it. Very effective strategy though.... permalink award report block reply
Trump2020or4eva 3 points 3 days ago 🥱 permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 3 points 3 days ago maybe they should listen to the president of the United States. permalink award report block reply
Johnrgalt 3 points 3 days ago I want chopper rides for the commies. They tried to kill him and still playing by the rules. Come on let’s go already. Midterms next year, and if no one is in Guantanamo or hung by then we are going to have a very deflated base. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 2 points 3 days ago Why is “things” in quotes? permalink award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Usually its because you don't want to provide actual details...like if the list was .. Get rid of illegals, Lower costs, give billions to Israel, provide Americans jobs, buttfuck SaltyTitties4, Jail criminals in the admin, Make AI Great Again. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Usually its because you don't want to provide actual details...like if the list was .. Get rid of illegals, Lower costs, give billions to Israel, provide Americans jobs, buttfuck SaltyTitties4, Jail criminals in the admin, Make AI Great Again. permalink parent award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 2 points 3 days ago They won't have enough lawyers to stop us permalink award report block reply
BitterRoots 1 points 3 days ago Old man screeching at clouds...meanwhile vote fraud remains unaddressed, ICE agents are catching bullets,  commies are winning elections, J6 conspirators remain free and untouched, creeps who stole an election and broke the law to frame a sitting president behave with impunity.  But yeah, another social post will make an impact 😡 permalink award report block reply
Executarian2 1 points 3 days ago He needs to move on from it. Either get it done in private or pivot to something else. It makes him look weak and angry to screech online constantly to no action. permalink award report block reply
readonly-polarbear 1 points 3 days ago I know it's damaging, but I think the "shutdown" is quite amusing. permalink award report block reply
DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago Only when we have a MAGA Party can we really fight the system. GOP is just a silent partner to the Dems. permalink award report block reply
Looniz74 OP PRO 1 points 3 days ago https://x.com/BreannaMorello/status/1987492245638119591?s=20 permalink award report block reply
LibtardBusterMAGA 1 points 3 days ago It's almost like we don't control, the house, Senate or white house at this point permalink award report block reply