136 BREAKING— Noem says Trump admin has SPED UP processing of H1B visas. THIS IS NOT WHAT I VOTED FOR!!!! posted 3 hours ago by maltese-poodle 19 comments award share report block Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 10h NOW - DHS Secretary Noem on H-1Bs: "Under the Trump admin, we've sped up our process and added integrity to the visa programs, to green cards, to all of that, but also more people are becoming naturalized under this admin than ever before. More people are becoming citizens."
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save wharfthrowaway 23 points 3 hours ago “I can’t wait to be legally replaced by a based foreigner” permalink award report block reply Cville123 6 points 3 hours ago Best one of the day! permalink parent award report block reply Cville123 17 points 3 hours ago Major disconnect with MAGA permalink award report block reply AFferalAF 16 points 3 hours ago But can't speedup deportations. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 15 points 3 hours ago Has Trump been compromised by the Jew-Lords? permalink award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 2 hours ago Yeeeeeesh permalink parent award report block reply notatallimsure 14 points 3 hours ago This is horse shit. We voted for LESS foreigners. Not more at a higher pace. permalink award report block reply Cali_kid 11 points 3 hours ago Good luck every recent foreigner hates Trump permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 10 points 3 hours ago Fucking intel bullshit. For fucks sake I voted for trump 3 times specifically to get rid of the punejabs and this is what we fucking get permalink award report block reply SupFrens 8 points 2 hours ago This is a gross betrayal. permalink award report block reply Deltamyass 7 points 2 hours ago What is Trump doing. He needs to fire everyone around him permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 6 points 3 hours ago Neither did I. permalink award report block reply Bruno 6 points 2 hours ago Is this America first? permalink award report block reply America101 4 points 2 hours ago Not very happy. He is not standing up for Americans and pulling the wool over our eyes. He easily caves in with the Dems. Edit: Does he want more of these truck drivers with fake CDL license? permalink award report block reply Stolen 3 points 2 hours ago Foreigners only want to vote and not lose the benefits of being H1B or illegal worker. Otherwise, they lose benefits of  being an American. The illegals get double to triple the amount on welfare than Americans. permalink award report block reply FLIBS 3 points 2 hours ago H1B's and offshoring are destroying the labor market here. permalink award report block reply LastHearth 2 points 2 hours ago Speed up processing does not mean speed up approving. It also speeds up rejections. permalink award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 1 hour ago Maybe… permalink parent award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 1 hour ago What the fuck. permalink award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 23 points 3 hours ago “I can’t wait to be legally replaced by a based foreigner” permalink award report block reply Cville123 6 points 3 hours ago Best one of the day! permalink parent award report block reply
Cville123 6 points 3 hours ago Best one of the day! permalink parent award report block reply
Cville123 17 points 3 hours ago Major disconnect with MAGA permalink award report block reply
AFferalAF 16 points 3 hours ago But can't speedup deportations. permalink award report block reply
cyberrigger 15 points 3 hours ago Has Trump been compromised by the Jew-Lords? permalink award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 2 hours ago Yeeeeeesh permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 2 hours ago Yeeeeeesh permalink parent award report block reply
notatallimsure 14 points 3 hours ago This is horse shit. We voted for LESS foreigners. Not more at a higher pace. permalink award report block reply
Cali_kid 11 points 3 hours ago Good luck every recent foreigner hates Trump permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 10 points 3 hours ago Fucking intel bullshit. For fucks sake I voted for trump 3 times specifically to get rid of the punejabs and this is what we fucking get permalink award report block reply
SupFrens 8 points 2 hours ago This is a gross betrayal. permalink award report block reply
Deltamyass 7 points 2 hours ago What is Trump doing. He needs to fire everyone around him permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 6 points 3 hours ago Neither did I. permalink award report block reply
Bruno 6 points 2 hours ago Is this America first? permalink award report block reply
America101 4 points 2 hours ago Not very happy. He is not standing up for Americans and pulling the wool over our eyes. He easily caves in with the Dems. Edit: Does he want more of these truck drivers with fake CDL license? permalink award report block reply
Stolen 3 points 2 hours ago Foreigners only want to vote and not lose the benefits of being H1B or illegal worker. Otherwise, they lose benefits of  being an American. The illegals get double to triple the amount on welfare than Americans. permalink award report block reply
FLIBS 3 points 2 hours ago H1B's and offshoring are destroying the labor market here. permalink award report block reply
LastHearth 2 points 2 hours ago Speed up processing does not mean speed up approving. It also speeds up rejections. permalink award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 1 hour ago Maybe… permalink parent award report block reply
Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 1 hour ago Maybe… permalink parent award report block reply
Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 1 hour ago What the fuck. permalink award report block reply