299 James Comey’s Daughter Offered to Release Epstein in Return for False Claims About Trump. Epstein "didn’t have to prove anything, as long as President Trump’s people could not disprove it.” (slaynews.com) posted 5 days ago by rdvs34283 12 comments award share report block James Comey's Daughter Offered to Release Epstein in Return for False Claims About Trump - Slay News Jeffrey Epstein allegedly told his former cellmate that federal prosecutors in New York offered to let him walk free if he falsely implicated President Donald Trump in his crimes. slaynews.com
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save linthat22 10 points 5 days ago Comey's daughter looks like a sad sack of shit. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 5 points 5 days ago If I remember right, she wasn't bad looking in college. Liberalism rots the body and the soul. permalink parent award report block reply Ndmand69 1 points 5 days ago Beat me to it!!! permalink parent award report block reply General_Specific 7 points 5 days ago Who else wouldn't at all be surprised that after Oprah's interview of Trump on her show, the feds were already working on parallel construction against Trump. For example, making sure he had association with Epstein early on... Look at how much of a threat he was to them. Even just hinting about running someday to save the country. (from them) permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 5 points 5 days ago Ewwww she's an ugly ass eyes 🫩 permalink award report block reply Be_The_Change 2 points 5 days ago Oh, sure, this is totally true.......LOL permalink award report block reply NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 5 days ago Anyone posting SlayNews should be instantly banned. permalink parent award report block reply Inukshuk 1 points 5 days ago This sedition should be treated in the most extreme manner. permalink award report block reply NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 5 days ago SlayNews is retard shit and op rdvs34283
is a shill for them. permalink award report block reply Lamal 1 points 5 days ago about to upvote then I saw "slaynews".   Guys -- double check anything you read on that site. permalink award report block reply philnmdg 0 points 5 days ago Guilty until proven innocent, huh? The the French brand of justice. permalink award report block reply brutustyberius -2 points 5 days ago What if I told you that Epstein took the deal and created proof that Trump was involved...and was taken alive out of that jail. This is where we are. Its going to turn bad for Trump. permalink award report block reply
linthat22 10 points 5 days ago Comey's daughter looks like a sad sack of shit. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 5 points 5 days ago If I remember right, she wasn't bad looking in college. Liberalism rots the body and the soul. permalink parent award report block reply Ndmand69 1 points 5 days ago Beat me to it!!! permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 5 points 5 days ago If I remember right, she wasn't bad looking in college. Liberalism rots the body and the soul. permalink parent award report block reply
Ndmand69 1 points 5 days ago Beat me to it!!! permalink parent award report block reply
General_Specific 7 points 5 days ago Who else wouldn't at all be surprised that after Oprah's interview of Trump on her show, the feds were already working on parallel construction against Trump. For example, making sure he had association with Epstein early on... Look at how much of a threat he was to them. Even just hinting about running someday to save the country. (from them) permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 5 points 5 days ago Ewwww she's an ugly ass eyes 🫩 permalink award report block reply
Be_The_Change 2 points 5 days ago Oh, sure, this is totally true.......LOL permalink award report block reply NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 5 days ago Anyone posting SlayNews should be instantly banned. permalink parent award report block reply
NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 5 days ago Anyone posting SlayNews should be instantly banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Inukshuk 1 points 5 days ago This sedition should be treated in the most extreme manner. permalink award report block reply
NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 5 days ago SlayNews is retard shit and op rdvs34283
is a shill for them. permalink award report block reply
Lamal 1 points 5 days ago about to upvote then I saw "slaynews".   Guys -- double check anything you read on that site. permalink award report block reply
philnmdg 0 points 5 days ago Guilty until proven innocent, huh? The the French brand of justice. permalink award report block reply
brutustyberius -2 points 5 days ago What if I told you that Epstein took the deal and created proof that Trump was involved...and was taken alive out of that jail. This is where we are. Its going to turn bad for Trump. permalink award report block reply