292 Ben Shapiro is not MAGA, what a fu**ing joke. He is a Jewish supremacist, whose first loyalty is to his Mid Eastern roots - Israel. Israel is 75% percent Middle Eastern decent. They will never stop fighting their Middle Eastern counterparts. Let them handle their own entanglements. posted 4 days ago by TRUTH_BE_OUR_DOGMA 18 comments award share report block Let them handle their own entanglements.
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno S11houette 21 points 4 days ago Wasn't he a never Trumper? permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 16 points 4 days ago Still is. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 9 points 4 days ago Always was permalink parent award report block reply Lasheric 0 points 4 days ago He was at first. He isn’t now. He supported him on the second and third election permalink parent award report block reply sully 8 points 4 days ago Israel is a make believe fantasyland country. permalink award report block reply Tiger5468 -1 points 4 days ago That's an argument you can take up with God lol. Good luck permalink parent award report block reply PepesJusticeBoner 4 points 4 days ago Ben keeps attacking other conservatives and we all know his real loyalties are to another country. He's wasting time attacking same team instead of attacking dimwitted democrats, looney liberals, cucked commies, trans pedos and so on. Why the fuck are we giving any attention to assholes who attack our own team? permalink award report block reply Zordly 1 points 3 days ago I see you have picked your hill. permalink award report block reply Lasheric 0 points 4 days ago Nah, he is pretty damn MAGA . Trump supports Israel as well. Trump is maga. You don’t get to define maga cause you don’t like some things Trump does. You just have a different opinion permalink award report block reply Tophat9000 0 points 4 days ago All lives matter BLM that's racist against me Ben Shapiro that's racist against me That's the problem permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 3 days ago Are you one of those Fuentes faggots. You people are obsessed with him. He never used to come up here until you low iq faggots showed up permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver -3 points 4 days ago I’d rather have 100k Jews in New York than 1 filthy muslim mayor — as God intended! permalink award report block reply DeplorableDreg -19 points 4 days ago Tucker Carlson is not MAGA. He believes Sharia Law is the way for you and your family. permalink award report block reply snakeoil 3 points 4 days ago Uh huh. permalink parent award report block reply Lasheric 1 points 4 days ago Tucker is jumping the shark permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 -1 points 4 days ago Yep, too bad Mohammed, Mohammad, and a very slightly different variant spelling of Mohammed are all downvoting your post permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 4 days ago Qatarlson is the worst kind of Benedict Arnold. ☠️ The Divider. At least he has taught us to never trust “converts”, and that any new converts must serve hard time at the front lines, the way he’s doing for pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply
S11houette 21 points 4 days ago Wasn't he a never Trumper? permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 16 points 4 days ago Still is. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 9 points 4 days ago Always was permalink parent award report block reply Lasheric 0 points 4 days ago He was at first. He isn’t now. He supported him on the second and third election permalink parent award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 16 points 4 days ago Still is. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 9 points 4 days ago Always was permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 9 points 4 days ago Always was permalink parent award report block reply
Lasheric 0 points 4 days ago He was at first. He isn’t now. He supported him on the second and third election permalink parent award report block reply
sully 8 points 4 days ago Israel is a make believe fantasyland country. permalink award report block reply Tiger5468 -1 points 4 days ago That's an argument you can take up with God lol. Good luck permalink parent award report block reply
Tiger5468 -1 points 4 days ago That's an argument you can take up with God lol. Good luck permalink parent award report block reply
PepesJusticeBoner 4 points 4 days ago Ben keeps attacking other conservatives and we all know his real loyalties are to another country. He's wasting time attacking same team instead of attacking dimwitted democrats, looney liberals, cucked commies, trans pedos and so on. Why the fuck are we giving any attention to assholes who attack our own team? permalink award report block reply
Zordly 1 points 3 days ago I see you have picked your hill. permalink award report block reply
Lasheric 0 points 4 days ago Nah, he is pretty damn MAGA . Trump supports Israel as well. Trump is maga. You don’t get to define maga cause you don’t like some things Trump does. You just have a different opinion permalink award report block reply
Tophat9000 0 points 4 days ago All lives matter BLM that's racist against me Ben Shapiro that's racist against me That's the problem permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 3 days ago Are you one of those Fuentes faggots. You people are obsessed with him. He never used to come up here until you low iq faggots showed up permalink award report block reply
YaharaRiver -3 points 4 days ago I’d rather have 100k Jews in New York than 1 filthy muslim mayor — as God intended! permalink award report block reply
DeplorableDreg -19 points 4 days ago Tucker Carlson is not MAGA. He believes Sharia Law is the way for you and your family. permalink award report block reply snakeoil 3 points 4 days ago Uh huh. permalink parent award report block reply Lasheric 1 points 4 days ago Tucker is jumping the shark permalink parent award report block reply Tiger5468 -1 points 4 days ago Yep, too bad Mohammed, Mohammad, and a very slightly different variant spelling of Mohammed are all downvoting your post permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 4 days ago Qatarlson is the worst kind of Benedict Arnold. ☠️ The Divider. At least he has taught us to never trust “converts”, and that any new converts must serve hard time at the front lines, the way he’s doing for pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply
snakeoil 3 points 4 days ago Uh huh. permalink parent award report block reply
Lasheric 1 points 4 days ago Tucker is jumping the shark permalink parent award report block reply
Tiger5468 -1 points 4 days ago Yep, too bad Mohammed, Mohammad, and a very slightly different variant spelling of Mohammed are all downvoting your post permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -2 points 4 days ago Qatarlson is the worst kind of Benedict Arnold. ☠️ The Divider. At least he has taught us to never trust “converts”, and that any new converts must serve hard time at the front lines, the way he’s doing for pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply