1499 "Yesterday in Berkeley, a man professing Christ as King had his cross ripped from his neck by what appears to be a Muslim man. He was punched roughly 15 times in the face. He never threw a punch himself, instead he struggled to retrieve his cross. He was then arrested." posted 19 hours ago by bleeje 189 comments award share report block Cam Higby 🇺🇸 @camhigby • 21h Yesterday in Berkeley, a man professing Christ as King had his cross ripped from his neck by what appears to be a Muslim man. He was punched roughly 15 times in the face. He never threw a punch himself, instead he struggled to retrieve his cross. He was then arrested.
189 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save The Real Story Behind His Exit No One Saw Coming Read More Ads by Ad.Style LawyersPlayDota 307 points 19 hours ago This is so fucking misleading. Both he and his attacker were arrested because the scene was confusing as hell. The man has since been released, and his attacker is facing assault and robbery charges. permalink award report block reply beansieman1911 114 points 19 hours ago Why is there so much fake news here these days? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 80 points 19 hours ago It’s not fake news though. He was arrested, he never should have been. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 24 points 18 hours ago Yeah, from the perspective of someone watching multiple camera angles on the internet, hours after the fact. Many places just have protocol to initially detain both in any altercation. They probably got him quicker medical attention than he would have on his own. permalink parent award report block reply sicKENasty 27 points 18 hours ago I have been in his situation.  Stupid bar misunderstanding. I was attacked and did not retaliate and me and my attacker were both arrested. In the cruiser I asked the officer why I was arrested and was being taken in.  Officer said that he can only assume the guy was not alone and wanted to get me out of the situation to prevent further altercations. When we got to the precinct, I was seen by a EMT and cleaned up.  I was released without any booking or anything. All my friends thought I spent the night in jail but I stayed at my parents house for the night.  In the end, I did not press charges against the guy but the bar did. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... MasterChief08 3 points 13 hours ago I don't care. Our people should not be arrested. Learn friend-enemy distinction permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 18 points 19 hours ago The attackers name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 20 points 18 hours ago Fake news! His real name is Muhammad Goatfucker permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MAGABOND 7 points 17 hours ago Gesundheit permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... snoopy3210 -2 points 16 hours ago So fake. Their fight was televised wrestling by two actors. The man is as christian as banking Joe claims to be catholic permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Taylor3006 5 points 16 hours ago Often times in situations like this, they arrest everyone until they can figure out what happened. Just the way shit works. Then they talk to both people involved, take witness statements and figure out who was responsible for the mess. If they find one person was merely the victim, they release them without charge. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 9 hours ago You have never been out into the real world.have you? permalink parent award report block reply OneTypoComment 0 points 9 hours ago Do you have any idea how many people are arrested only to be released after facts have been revealed? In the same reason they never "should have" been arrested either. That's why we have trials and convictions AFTER arrests. Otherwise we'd have to release everybody, hope they show up for trial, and make sure only the guilty are ever detained. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago You fucking idiots don’t get it. It’s about optics They got their optics of the MAGA getting arrested so the mainstream media can show both sides were “acting up “ For a group who won’t fight back because “muh optics” you sure don’t fucking understand how optics work permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... load 1 more comments... MagaJay02 14 points 19 hours ago The real reason? X.com and everywhere else has been monetized. Even 5 years ago most of social media wasn't monetized. 10 years ago, almost zero was. Monetized posts mean all that someone wants is exposure. Exposure = $. Rage bait is super easy cash. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 5 points 19 hours ago Because the world runs on rage these days. For both sides. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 4 points 18 hours ago Which part is fake? permalink parent award report block reply Drdonaldjtrump1776 2 points 6 hours ago Because this site was taken over by liberal trolls and glowies, way back when it used to be Donald.win and suddenly just disappeared and we all had to believe it wasn't weird that they rebranded the entire website and started arresting patriots on jan 6. 99 percent of the comments are FULL ON racist bullshit and people go along with it, that's not what MAGA is about, and you fucking know it liberal bot scum. This website has been dead for years, I just come to see headlines and leave, it's almost as bad as reddit, you can't trust anything here. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments... Taupkek 28 points 19 hours ago Thank you, I wondered what the rest of the story was. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 29 points 19 hours ago And now you know, the REST of the story. Paul Harvey... GOOD DAY! permalink parent award report block reply PoorMansPsychiatrist 5 points 18 hours ago Childhood memories of listening to Paul Harvey on family outings... permalink parent award report block reply cd3dog 8 points 19 hours ago Thank you for the context.  Even around here it seems to go missing more and more. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 8 points 18 hours ago That's cause half the shit pinned here is intentional propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 5 points 19 hours ago Stop noticing. This is an attempt to manufacture our consent to spend our blood and treasure fighting moslems for Greater lsraeI. Half the news has become this Hasbara bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 18 hours ago Yup. Same day as news about Israel looking to bomb Iran. Its so damn predictable permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 2 points 18 hours ago I'm shocked there hasn't already been another "Dancing lsraeIi" false flag on US soil to manufacture consent. permalink parent award report block reply RejectRedditization 1 points 9 hours ago No need. This administration is full of jew lovers, and they don't give a fuck what we think. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 17 hours ago Week is not over yet. permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 0 points 19 hours ago the fuck are you smoking? permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 6 points 18 hours ago Haven't you noticed that the four of most popular conservative America-First right-wing podcasters (Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, Joe Rogan, Mark Dice) don't get stickied or we're expected to hate them because "reasons"? Have you noticed? What do you think happened? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 6 points 18 hours ago the fuck are you talking about? I've seen rogan and carlson on here all the time, and candace is a worthless grifter. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Rakkasan91b 4 points 14 hours ago Dude, Joe Rogan may be popular but he is far from being a conservative or America First. Candace is nothing but a bat shit crazy rage baiting grifter who isn't afraid to stoop to any low to gain attention, including her crazy ass conspiracy theory rants about her "supposed" friend Charlie Kirk. Tucker is on here all the time. Mark Dice might not be posted here that often, but I also wouldn't call him one of the most popular conservative America-First podcasters. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi -1 points 13 hours ago Oh sorry, we're not falling for the "muslims hate us for our freedom" and "muh greatest ally" bullshit that has plagued out foreign policy for 30 years. Muslims are incompatible with civilization. We understand this. The problem is we also know who has been bringing them here in order to make them our enemy as well as theirs. Is this over your head? Once it was inconceivable that someone could psychologically manipulate the population of an entire country to do what they wanted. But we all lived through COVID. "Safe and effective" while we get mail in ballots to steal an election was a little too blatant, even for the retards. It doesn't help that the usual suspects are always behind it, either. Caught up now? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah dude, that retarded faggotry has literally nothing to do with this incident. You people have a mental illness. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Dman82 3 points 19 hours ago Thanks for the clarification I haven't seen it anywhere else permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota -1 points 19 hours ago Its being reported recently. I cover info for the WH so I end up seeing a lot of this as early as possible. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 0 points 17 hours ago Cool. Can you ask the Whitehouse what's up? Citizens want to know. permalink parent award report block reply load 27 more comments... Littleirishmaid 30 points 19 hours ago God bless this man. permalink award report block reply invalid_data 19 points 19 hours ago The crusades are coming back. You can feel it. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCorpuscle -3 points 12 hours ago Good lord! You nearly woke my wife up with that glow! permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, you object to people fighting back against Islam? You're the one who's glowing. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode -4 points 14 hours ago So lame. Completely skip over the State Department, CIA, U.N. and NGO assistance bringing them here. Feeding them. Housing them. Attacking random people in a group? Like the stupidest shit ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Attacking random people in a group? The fact that you see fighting back against Islam as an attack says a lot about you... permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Beelzy 2 points 19 hours ago 👍(Sits back after honing battle Dag.) permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 4 points 18 hours ago Ya like dags? permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 1 points 18 hours ago A blade with two cutting edges, what's not to like? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... RickSanchezC137 1 points 7 hours ago God wills it! permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 22 points 19 hours ago Look at the mongrol cop. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 4 points 18 hours ago Cops. Plural. permalink parent award report block reply Alphahorizon 20 points 19 hours ago Thank you President Trump for designating Antifa as a terrorist organization. permalink award report block reply Dman82 24 points 19 hours ago It doesn't matter if they designate them a terrorist group if they don't treat them as a terrorist group permalink parent award report block reply SGT_Glowie 2 points 15 hours ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 1 points 14 hours ago Yeah, because that's done a whole lot.  Trump and his admin have been failing hard when it comes to their response to the violence and insurrection building around the country.  They haven't done shit yet. permalink parent award report block reply queenicarius 18 points 19 hours ago The Muslim attacker was granted Naturalization less than a month ago.  Strip him of citizenship and deport. permalink award report block reply Dwoj 17 points 19 hours ago WTF permalink award report block reply BreakingCNN 9 points 19 hours ago Berkeley, Berkeley, Berkeley permalink parent award report block reply PhantomShield72 16 points 19 hours ago This photo is such a perfect symbol for where we're headed if the left is left unchallenged and treated with kid gloves... permalink award report block reply Nomad899 15 points 19 hours ago Another bloodied Freedom shirt…. Was the asshole arrested too…. I saw film of it hiding its face permalink award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 11 points 19 hours ago Arrested and charged, and his name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 6 points 19 hours ago He's as ugly as the shoe bomber permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago Inbreeding. permalink parent award report block reply CaliAli 15 points 18 hours ago Dphrepaulezz is reportedly an employee of the California Department of Public Health. It was reported that Dphrepaulezz, a rapper known as A.R. The Believer and a member of the Lighthouse Mosque in Oakland, tried to conceal his identity after his mask was removed during the altercation. https://dailycaller.com/2025/11/11/jihad-dphrepaulezz-charged-tpusa-event/ permalink award report block reply morememesplz 7 points 15 hours ago wtf, that name seems so fake I thought it was a joke you guys made up permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 12 points 18 hours ago There is no living with islam. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply VanillaCupCake 10 points 19 hours ago if pam bondi would get off her arse and do something this would not be an issue, the cops should be arrested for a hate crime.... where the fvck was kash at? permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 8 points 19 hours ago Alex Jones' sources call Pam lazy and ignorant, and Kash is compromised and lives with a gay billionaire in Vegas. Weird. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 19 hours ago where the fvck was kash at? Antifa works for the FBI. permalink parent award report block reply VanillaCupCake 1 points 19 hours ago what the FVCK???????? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 1 points 19 hours ago You can swear liberally here. permalink parent award report block reply 4886Battery 10 points 19 hours ago The scum who grabbed the cross necklace from the guy is named Jihad Dphrepaulezz, he's apparently an employee of the California Department of Public Heath, not sure what his title is because his LinkedIn has been closed and Google did a way with their cached pages.  There are some photos of him here: https://drewaltizer.com/search?type=photos&people=133151-jihad-dphrepaulezz permalink award report block reply knnbccb 8 points 18 hours ago Freedom of religion, and the privileges associated with it, should not extend to Islam and its adherents. For starters, all mosques and Muslims must be taxed without exemption. Any resistance will be met with lethal force. permalink award report block reply A_Colostomy_Bag 6 points 19 hours ago There's two paths ahead for us, we either end up like the Kulaks during the Bolshevik revolution or we fight back until we have control over the government and the justice system so that we can let our side break laws with impunity like the left does now and treat all leftists like they treated J6 protesters sending so many of them to prison that they all live in fear the way many people on the right do now. I wish I still believed we could return to the way things were, the way our founding fathers had it, but the left has been taken over by people who want to destroy our country and imprison or eliminate anyone who disagrees with them and there's too many of them embedded in positions of power that we'll ever get back to normal. Eventually a majority of people will realize this, I just hope it's not too late when that happens. permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 6 points 19 hours ago The arresting officers need to be arrested themselves. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago This is why punchable faces gets taken down. Those police officers would be top posts. permalink parent award report block reply magamagashii 6 points 19 hours ago Deport them ALL permalink award report block reply CDean 5 points 19 hours ago When you are talking about two men, you can't repeatedly use "he." No idea what really happened here. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 5 points 18 hours ago The black cop looks incredibly like the “Fiery but mostly peaceful protest” guy permalink award report block reply Dr_Phil 4 points 17 hours ago The freedom shirt brings back bad memories... permalink award report block reply JulliettSierraTango 4 points 18 hours ago Why would you NOT bring a gun, to a knife fight? permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 3 points 15 hours ago They weren’t even letting bags into the plaza outside, let alone the venue. The mob knew we would be unarmed and who could blame TPUSA for that after what happened to Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply RogueLeaderX 3 points 19 hours ago California is the absolute worst. New York isnt even as bad with all its problems. permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 1 points 15 hours ago Most blue cities in this country are just trying to be like SF. It all starts there. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 19 hours ago Colleges have the power to designate protest zones, which should have been a separate event on the other side of he campus. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 3 points 15 hours ago Title should have gone "he never threw a punch himself, instead God willed him to draw his pistol and mag dump the muzzie before retrieving his cross" permalink award report block reply Awakened 3 points 18 hours ago Berkeley is one of several Hell Mouths on our planet. permalink award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 3 points 18 hours ago "he never threw a punch himself" is not a sign of strength, it's a sign of submission. He should have cleaned that dude's clock the moment that dude went hands on. Turn the other cheek doesn't mean take a beating, it means man up and resist. permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 3 points 15 hours ago He fought back. It’s enough. He didn’t let the thief go. Now justice will be served hopefully. I was there last night. I’ve been to these events in Berkeley many times. It can be very intimidating. You get overwhelmed and outnumbered by the mob very quickly. The police aren’t on a side. They just want to squash any nonsense. They’ll sort the facts out later. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus -1 points 9 hours ago Dr. MLK jr. says you're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 0 points 6 hours ago How did that work out for him? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 hours ago The peaceful protests that required training before people were allowed to join? They worked great. Really showed police brutality, and by not fighting back it amplified how brutal the police were. This should have been in your history class. Go watch some videos on YouTube. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 14 hours ago Be a lot cheaper if we hired some H1Bs to go fight Antifa. Like, I got an UberStreetFight gig lined up. permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 3 points 19 hours ago FYI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_5kNMX9I_g permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 17 hours ago God bless this man. permalink award report block reply Fourloco 2 points 19 hours ago Curious how long this stuff is gonna keep going on? permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 2 points 15 hours ago It was worse 10 years ago at Berkeley. The message might be finally sinking in that this intimidation is not ok. Could you imagine what the state would do to us if we stood outside abortion clinics and screamed and bullied the women going inside?  This should receive the same level of protection from the government. permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ 2 points 16 hours ago And people call me a "Jew" for opposing this ideology. permalink award report block reply kanikilee2024 2 points 2 hours ago Is it just me, but,after watching the video of the altercation, why is there only one cop on the attacker and 15-20 on the victim....could this be a perfect example of racial profiling? permalink award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 2 points 19 hours ago The LEFT want a war! They will REEEEEEEÈEEEEE permalink award report block reply lizardo221 2 points 18 hours ago Is there a video of this anywhere? permalink award report block reply Jsmitty112 2 points 19 hours ago Fuckin pigs permalink award report block reply journalist 2 points 14 hours ago Britain approves. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 15 hours ago Muslims are the scum of the earth permalink award report block reply FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 15 hours ago He is Charlie Kirk permalink award report block reply Modernturnkey 2 points 19 hours ago Are people ready to die for their faith in Christ? Are they ready to kill for him? permalink award report block reply beansieman1911 1 points 19 hours ago Video permalink award report block reply BreakingCNN 1 points 19 hours ago https://x.com/MarkPowers31140/status/1988405436798955662?s=20 permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 18 hours ago When will it be time to stop turning the other cheek ? permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago We need to work very hard to make it legal to run over protesters in every state. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 8 hours ago The clearly racist Muslim attacker was arrested apparently.  Yay.  Tho I'm sure nothing will happen to him permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago Since the internet has seen the faces of the police officers, I'm sure they'll be getting punched in the face now too. permalink award report block reply Evansh 1 points 18 hours ago Pysop permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 19 hours ago The country has already fallen in some parts, others remain semi functional. It will continue to get worse, u less we stop it soon permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply Maximumheight 1 points 13 hours ago Please provide the ideo of this claimed description. It sure doesn't align with the video I saw..
Don't be fucking dumb.
Misleading MAGA is no different than hurting our cause. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago The video was posted here yesterday. Look for it. permalink parent award report block reply rattleS 1 points 12 hours ago he never threw a punch himself And you wonder why you are losing the war permalink award report block reply 123breadman 1 points 15 hours ago This is what they did to Jesus. Beat him and arrested him. This will happen to you all who live in liberal states. permalink award report block reply WesternCivilization 1 points 7 hours ago Carry next time permalink award report block reply iteachfuckinscience 1 points 19 hours ago Turn the other cheek permalink award report block reply USNVET71 0 points 18 hours ago Our country is in real trouble. permalink award report block reply ChimpanzeeFatigue -2 points 19 hours ago “FREEDOM” permalink award report block reply maleitch -3 points 17 hours ago The most terrifying part of this is how many of you so called Christians will stand by and do nothing while claiming to be the true patriots... permalink award report block reply mandarb916 5 points 17 hours ago So...did you do something?  Or are you just criticizing? Just asking permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 16 hours ago That commenter is an emotional internet tough guy hoping others will do something rather than doing anything themselves. I'm sure they would say "id do (insert some fake hypothetical here)" meanwhile, they'd never have the balls to put themselves in that situation ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Why aren't you? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago Those ex Muslim organizations are concerning. Islam kills apostates. To the point most exmuslums pretend to still be Muslim so their own family won't kill them. And, they are joining organizations. That doesn't seem very safe. permalink parent award report block reply tuaris -1 points 15 hours ago They do plenty.  They preach, pray, indoctrinate, and sell merchandise. permalink parent award report block reply tuaris -5 points 15 hours ago Why was he there preaching?  Can't christains (and muslims? I've never seen a muslim preaching) just keep that shit to themselves like the jews do?  You never see a jew preaching on a street corner. permalink award report block reply Rakkasan91b 5 points 14 hours ago Get out of here with that shit.  The dude had every right to be preaching if that's what he was even doing. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 3 points 9 hours ago Go to Minnesota, they broadcast prayer calls now. permalink parent award report block reply Schrodingers_Cat 1 points 6 hours ago We’re called to help save as many as we can by telling people about Jesus and trying to guide them in the way they should go. permalink parent award report block reply
LawyersPlayDota 307 points 19 hours ago This is so fucking misleading. Both he and his attacker were arrested because the scene was confusing as hell. The man has since been released, and his attacker is facing assault and robbery charges. permalink award report block reply beansieman1911 114 points 19 hours ago Why is there so much fake news here these days? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 80 points 19 hours ago It’s not fake news though. He was arrested, he never should have been. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 24 points 18 hours ago Yeah, from the perspective of someone watching multiple camera angles on the internet, hours after the fact. Many places just have protocol to initially detain both in any altercation. They probably got him quicker medical attention than he would have on his own. permalink parent award report block reply sicKENasty 27 points 18 hours ago I have been in his situation.  Stupid bar misunderstanding. I was attacked and did not retaliate and me and my attacker were both arrested. In the cruiser I asked the officer why I was arrested and was being taken in.  Officer said that he can only assume the guy was not alone and wanted to get me out of the situation to prevent further altercations. When we got to the precinct, I was seen by a EMT and cleaned up.  I was released without any booking or anything. All my friends thought I spent the night in jail but I stayed at my parents house for the night.  In the end, I did not press charges against the guy but the bar did. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... MasterChief08 3 points 13 hours ago I don't care. Our people should not be arrested. Learn friend-enemy distinction permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 18 points 19 hours ago The attackers name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 20 points 18 hours ago Fake news! His real name is Muhammad Goatfucker permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MAGABOND 7 points 17 hours ago Gesundheit permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... snoopy3210 -2 points 16 hours ago So fake. Their fight was televised wrestling by two actors. The man is as christian as banking Joe claims to be catholic permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Taylor3006 5 points 16 hours ago Often times in situations like this, they arrest everyone until they can figure out what happened. Just the way shit works. Then they talk to both people involved, take witness statements and figure out who was responsible for the mess. If they find one person was merely the victim, they release them without charge. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 9 hours ago You have never been out into the real world.have you? permalink parent award report block reply OneTypoComment 0 points 9 hours ago Do you have any idea how many people are arrested only to be released after facts have been revealed? In the same reason they never "should have" been arrested either. That's why we have trials and convictions AFTER arrests. Otherwise we'd have to release everybody, hope they show up for trial, and make sure only the guilty are ever detained. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago You fucking idiots don’t get it. It’s about optics They got their optics of the MAGA getting arrested so the mainstream media can show both sides were “acting up “ For a group who won’t fight back because “muh optics” you sure don’t fucking understand how optics work permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... load 1 more comments... MagaJay02 14 points 19 hours ago The real reason? X.com and everywhere else has been monetized. Even 5 years ago most of social media wasn't monetized. 10 years ago, almost zero was. Monetized posts mean all that someone wants is exposure. Exposure = $. Rage bait is super easy cash. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 5 points 19 hours ago Because the world runs on rage these days. For both sides. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 4 points 18 hours ago Which part is fake? permalink parent award report block reply Drdonaldjtrump1776 2 points 6 hours ago Because this site was taken over by liberal trolls and glowies, way back when it used to be Donald.win and suddenly just disappeared and we all had to believe it wasn't weird that they rebranded the entire website and started arresting patriots on jan 6. 99 percent of the comments are FULL ON racist bullshit and people go along with it, that's not what MAGA is about, and you fucking know it liberal bot scum. This website has been dead for years, I just come to see headlines and leave, it's almost as bad as reddit, you can't trust anything here. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments... Taupkek 28 points 19 hours ago Thank you, I wondered what the rest of the story was. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 29 points 19 hours ago And now you know, the REST of the story. Paul Harvey... GOOD DAY! permalink parent award report block reply PoorMansPsychiatrist 5 points 18 hours ago Childhood memories of listening to Paul Harvey on family outings... permalink parent award report block reply cd3dog 8 points 19 hours ago Thank you for the context.  Even around here it seems to go missing more and more. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 8 points 18 hours ago That's cause half the shit pinned here is intentional propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 5 points 19 hours ago Stop noticing. This is an attempt to manufacture our consent to spend our blood and treasure fighting moslems for Greater lsraeI. Half the news has become this Hasbara bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 18 hours ago Yup. Same day as news about Israel looking to bomb Iran. Its so damn predictable permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 2 points 18 hours ago I'm shocked there hasn't already been another "Dancing lsraeIi" false flag on US soil to manufacture consent. permalink parent award report block reply RejectRedditization 1 points 9 hours ago No need. This administration is full of jew lovers, and they don't give a fuck what we think. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 17 hours ago Week is not over yet. permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 0 points 19 hours ago the fuck are you smoking? permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 6 points 18 hours ago Haven't you noticed that the four of most popular conservative America-First right-wing podcasters (Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, Joe Rogan, Mark Dice) don't get stickied or we're expected to hate them because "reasons"? Have you noticed? What do you think happened? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 6 points 18 hours ago the fuck are you talking about? I've seen rogan and carlson on here all the time, and candace is a worthless grifter. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Rakkasan91b 4 points 14 hours ago Dude, Joe Rogan may be popular but he is far from being a conservative or America First. Candace is nothing but a bat shit crazy rage baiting grifter who isn't afraid to stoop to any low to gain attention, including her crazy ass conspiracy theory rants about her "supposed" friend Charlie Kirk. Tucker is on here all the time. Mark Dice might not be posted here that often, but I also wouldn't call him one of the most popular conservative America-First podcasters. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi -1 points 13 hours ago Oh sorry, we're not falling for the "muslims hate us for our freedom" and "muh greatest ally" bullshit that has plagued out foreign policy for 30 years. Muslims are incompatible with civilization. We understand this. The problem is we also know who has been bringing them here in order to make them our enemy as well as theirs. Is this over your head? Once it was inconceivable that someone could psychologically manipulate the population of an entire country to do what they wanted. But we all lived through COVID. "Safe and effective" while we get mail in ballots to steal an election was a little too blatant, even for the retards. It doesn't help that the usual suspects are always behind it, either. Caught up now? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah dude, that retarded faggotry has literally nothing to do with this incident. You people have a mental illness. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Dman82 3 points 19 hours ago Thanks for the clarification I haven't seen it anywhere else permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota -1 points 19 hours ago Its being reported recently. I cover info for the WH so I end up seeing a lot of this as early as possible. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 0 points 17 hours ago Cool. Can you ask the Whitehouse what's up? Citizens want to know. permalink parent award report block reply load 27 more comments...
beansieman1911 114 points 19 hours ago Why is there so much fake news here these days? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 80 points 19 hours ago It’s not fake news though. He was arrested, he never should have been. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 24 points 18 hours ago Yeah, from the perspective of someone watching multiple camera angles on the internet, hours after the fact. Many places just have protocol to initially detain both in any altercation. They probably got him quicker medical attention than he would have on his own. permalink parent award report block reply sicKENasty 27 points 18 hours ago I have been in his situation.  Stupid bar misunderstanding. I was attacked and did not retaliate and me and my attacker were both arrested. In the cruiser I asked the officer why I was arrested and was being taken in.  Officer said that he can only assume the guy was not alone and wanted to get me out of the situation to prevent further altercations. When we got to the precinct, I was seen by a EMT and cleaned up.  I was released without any booking or anything. All my friends thought I spent the night in jail but I stayed at my parents house for the night.  In the end, I did not press charges against the guy but the bar did. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... MasterChief08 3 points 13 hours ago I don't care. Our people should not be arrested. Learn friend-enemy distinction permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 18 points 19 hours ago The attackers name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 20 points 18 hours ago Fake news! His real name is Muhammad Goatfucker permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MAGABOND 7 points 17 hours ago Gesundheit permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... snoopy3210 -2 points 16 hours ago So fake. Their fight was televised wrestling by two actors. The man is as christian as banking Joe claims to be catholic permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Taylor3006 5 points 16 hours ago Often times in situations like this, they arrest everyone until they can figure out what happened. Just the way shit works. Then they talk to both people involved, take witness statements and figure out who was responsible for the mess. If they find one person was merely the victim, they release them without charge. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 9 hours ago You have never been out into the real world.have you? permalink parent award report block reply OneTypoComment 0 points 9 hours ago Do you have any idea how many people are arrested only to be released after facts have been revealed? In the same reason they never "should have" been arrested either. That's why we have trials and convictions AFTER arrests. Otherwise we'd have to release everybody, hope they show up for trial, and make sure only the guilty are ever detained. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago You fucking idiots don’t get it. It’s about optics They got their optics of the MAGA getting arrested so the mainstream media can show both sides were “acting up “ For a group who won’t fight back because “muh optics” you sure don’t fucking understand how optics work permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... load 1 more comments... MagaJay02 14 points 19 hours ago The real reason? X.com and everywhere else has been monetized. Even 5 years ago most of social media wasn't monetized. 10 years ago, almost zero was. Monetized posts mean all that someone wants is exposure. Exposure = $. Rage bait is super easy cash. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 5 points 19 hours ago Because the world runs on rage these days. For both sides. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 4 points 18 hours ago Which part is fake? permalink parent award report block reply Drdonaldjtrump1776 2 points 6 hours ago Because this site was taken over by liberal trolls and glowies, way back when it used to be Donald.win and suddenly just disappeared and we all had to believe it wasn't weird that they rebranded the entire website and started arresting patriots on jan 6. 99 percent of the comments are FULL ON racist bullshit and people go along with it, that's not what MAGA is about, and you fucking know it liberal bot scum. This website has been dead for years, I just come to see headlines and leave, it's almost as bad as reddit, you can't trust anything here. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 80 points 19 hours ago It’s not fake news though. He was arrested, he never should have been. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 24 points 18 hours ago Yeah, from the perspective of someone watching multiple camera angles on the internet, hours after the fact. Many places just have protocol to initially detain both in any altercation. They probably got him quicker medical attention than he would have on his own. permalink parent award report block reply sicKENasty 27 points 18 hours ago I have been in his situation.  Stupid bar misunderstanding. I was attacked and did not retaliate and me and my attacker were both arrested. In the cruiser I asked the officer why I was arrested and was being taken in.  Officer said that he can only assume the guy was not alone and wanted to get me out of the situation to prevent further altercations. When we got to the precinct, I was seen by a EMT and cleaned up.  I was released without any booking or anything. All my friends thought I spent the night in jail but I stayed at my parents house for the night.  In the end, I did not press charges against the guy but the bar did. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... MasterChief08 3 points 13 hours ago I don't care. Our people should not be arrested. Learn friend-enemy distinction permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike 18 points 19 hours ago The attackers name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 20 points 18 hours ago Fake news! His real name is Muhammad Goatfucker permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MAGABOND 7 points 17 hours ago Gesundheit permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... snoopy3210 -2 points 16 hours ago So fake. Their fight was televised wrestling by two actors. The man is as christian as banking Joe claims to be catholic permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Taylor3006 5 points 16 hours ago Often times in situations like this, they arrest everyone until they can figure out what happened. Just the way shit works. Then they talk to both people involved, take witness statements and figure out who was responsible for the mess. If they find one person was merely the victim, they release them without charge. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 9 hours ago You have never been out into the real world.have you? permalink parent award report block reply OneTypoComment 0 points 9 hours ago Do you have any idea how many people are arrested only to be released after facts have been revealed? In the same reason they never "should have" been arrested either. That's why we have trials and convictions AFTER arrests. Otherwise we'd have to release everybody, hope they show up for trial, and make sure only the guilty are ever detained. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago You fucking idiots don’t get it. It’s about optics They got their optics of the MAGA getting arrested so the mainstream media can show both sides were “acting up “ For a group who won’t fight back because “muh optics” you sure don’t fucking understand how optics work permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... load 1 more comments...
Pied-Trumper 24 points 18 hours ago Yeah, from the perspective of someone watching multiple camera angles on the internet, hours after the fact. Many places just have protocol to initially detain both in any altercation. They probably got him quicker medical attention than he would have on his own. permalink parent award report block reply sicKENasty 27 points 18 hours ago I have been in his situation.  Stupid bar misunderstanding. I was attacked and did not retaliate and me and my attacker were both arrested. In the cruiser I asked the officer why I was arrested and was being taken in.  Officer said that he can only assume the guy was not alone and wanted to get me out of the situation to prevent further altercations. When we got to the precinct, I was seen by a EMT and cleaned up.  I was released without any booking or anything. All my friends thought I spent the night in jail but I stayed at my parents house for the night.  In the end, I did not press charges against the guy but the bar did. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... MasterChief08 3 points 13 hours ago I don't care. Our people should not be arrested. Learn friend-enemy distinction permalink parent award report block reply
sicKENasty 27 points 18 hours ago I have been in his situation.  Stupid bar misunderstanding. I was attacked and did not retaliate and me and my attacker were both arrested. In the cruiser I asked the officer why I was arrested and was being taken in.  Officer said that he can only assume the guy was not alone and wanted to get me out of the situation to prevent further altercations. When we got to the precinct, I was seen by a EMT and cleaned up.  I was released without any booking or anything. All my friends thought I spent the night in jail but I stayed at my parents house for the night.  In the end, I did not press charges against the guy but the bar did. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
MasterChief08 3 points 13 hours ago I don't care. Our people should not be arrested. Learn friend-enemy distinction permalink parent award report block reply
CounterStrike 18 points 19 hours ago The attackers name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 20 points 18 hours ago Fake news! His real name is Muhammad Goatfucker permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MAGABOND 7 points 17 hours ago Gesundheit permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... snoopy3210 -2 points 16 hours ago So fake. Their fight was televised wrestling by two actors. The man is as christian as banking Joe claims to be catholic permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
bigdickhangsright 20 points 18 hours ago Fake news! His real name is Muhammad Goatfucker permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MAGABOND 7 points 17 hours ago Gesundheit permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
snoopy3210 -2 points 16 hours ago So fake. Their fight was televised wrestling by two actors. The man is as christian as banking Joe claims to be catholic permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Taylor3006 5 points 16 hours ago Often times in situations like this, they arrest everyone until they can figure out what happened. Just the way shit works. Then they talk to both people involved, take witness statements and figure out who was responsible for the mess. If they find one person was merely the victim, they release them without charge. permalink parent award report block reply
Electrocutioner 1 points 9 hours ago You have never been out into the real world.have you? permalink parent award report block reply
OneTypoComment 0 points 9 hours ago Do you have any idea how many people are arrested only to be released after facts have been revealed? In the same reason they never "should have" been arrested either. That's why we have trials and convictions AFTER arrests. Otherwise we'd have to release everybody, hope they show up for trial, and make sure only the guilty are ever detained. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago You fucking idiots don’t get it. It’s about optics They got their optics of the MAGA getting arrested so the mainstream media can show both sides were “acting up “ For a group who won’t fight back because “muh optics” you sure don’t fucking understand how optics work permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago You fucking idiots don’t get it. It’s about optics They got their optics of the MAGA getting arrested so the mainstream media can show both sides were “acting up “ For a group who won’t fight back because “muh optics” you sure don’t fucking understand how optics work permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MagaJay02 14 points 19 hours ago The real reason? X.com and everywhere else has been monetized. Even 5 years ago most of social media wasn't monetized. 10 years ago, almost zero was. Monetized posts mean all that someone wants is exposure. Exposure = $. Rage bait is super easy cash. permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 5 points 19 hours ago Because the world runs on rage these days. For both sides. permalink parent award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 4 points 18 hours ago Which part is fake? permalink parent award report block reply
Drdonaldjtrump1776 2 points 6 hours ago Because this site was taken over by liberal trolls and glowies, way back when it used to be Donald.win and suddenly just disappeared and we all had to believe it wasn't weird that they rebranded the entire website and started arresting patriots on jan 6. 99 percent of the comments are FULL ON racist bullshit and people go along with it, that's not what MAGA is about, and you fucking know it liberal bot scum. This website has been dead for years, I just come to see headlines and leave, it's almost as bad as reddit, you can't trust anything here. permalink parent award report block reply
Taupkek 28 points 19 hours ago Thank you, I wondered what the rest of the story was. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 29 points 19 hours ago And now you know, the REST of the story. Paul Harvey... GOOD DAY! permalink parent award report block reply PoorMansPsychiatrist 5 points 18 hours ago Childhood memories of listening to Paul Harvey on family outings... permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 29 points 19 hours ago And now you know, the REST of the story. Paul Harvey... GOOD DAY! permalink parent award report block reply PoorMansPsychiatrist 5 points 18 hours ago Childhood memories of listening to Paul Harvey on family outings... permalink parent award report block reply
PoorMansPsychiatrist 5 points 18 hours ago Childhood memories of listening to Paul Harvey on family outings... permalink parent award report block reply
cd3dog 8 points 19 hours ago Thank you for the context.  Even around here it seems to go missing more and more. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 8 points 18 hours ago That's cause half the shit pinned here is intentional propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 8 points 18 hours ago That's cause half the shit pinned here is intentional propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply
redredwine 5 points 19 hours ago Stop noticing. This is an attempt to manufacture our consent to spend our blood and treasure fighting moslems for Greater lsraeI. Half the news has become this Hasbara bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 18 hours ago Yup. Same day as news about Israel looking to bomb Iran. Its so damn predictable permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 2 points 18 hours ago I'm shocked there hasn't already been another "Dancing lsraeIi" false flag on US soil to manufacture consent. permalink parent award report block reply RejectRedditization 1 points 9 hours ago No need. This administration is full of jew lovers, and they don't give a fuck what we think. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 17 hours ago Week is not over yet. permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 0 points 19 hours ago the fuck are you smoking? permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 6 points 18 hours ago Haven't you noticed that the four of most popular conservative America-First right-wing podcasters (Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, Joe Rogan, Mark Dice) don't get stickied or we're expected to hate them because "reasons"? Have you noticed? What do you think happened? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 6 points 18 hours ago the fuck are you talking about? I've seen rogan and carlson on here all the time, and candace is a worthless grifter. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Rakkasan91b 4 points 14 hours ago Dude, Joe Rogan may be popular but he is far from being a conservative or America First. Candace is nothing but a bat shit crazy rage baiting grifter who isn't afraid to stoop to any low to gain attention, including her crazy ass conspiracy theory rants about her "supposed" friend Charlie Kirk. Tucker is on here all the time. Mark Dice might not be posted here that often, but I also wouldn't call him one of the most popular conservative America-First podcasters. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi -1 points 13 hours ago Oh sorry, we're not falling for the "muslims hate us for our freedom" and "muh greatest ally" bullshit that has plagued out foreign policy for 30 years. Muslims are incompatible with civilization. We understand this. The problem is we also know who has been bringing them here in order to make them our enemy as well as theirs. Is this over your head? Once it was inconceivable that someone could psychologically manipulate the population of an entire country to do what they wanted. But we all lived through COVID. "Safe and effective" while we get mail in ballots to steal an election was a little too blatant, even for the retards. It doesn't help that the usual suspects are always behind it, either. Caught up now? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah dude, that retarded faggotry has literally nothing to do with this incident. You people have a mental illness. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 18 hours ago Yup. Same day as news about Israel looking to bomb Iran. Its so damn predictable permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 2 points 18 hours ago I'm shocked there hasn't already been another "Dancing lsraeIi" false flag on US soil to manufacture consent. permalink parent award report block reply RejectRedditization 1 points 9 hours ago No need. This administration is full of jew lovers, and they don't give a fuck what we think. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 17 hours ago Week is not over yet. permalink parent award report block reply
redredwine 2 points 18 hours ago I'm shocked there hasn't already been another "Dancing lsraeIi" false flag on US soil to manufacture consent. permalink parent award report block reply RejectRedditization 1 points 9 hours ago No need. This administration is full of jew lovers, and they don't give a fuck what we think. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 17 hours ago Week is not over yet. permalink parent award report block reply
RejectRedditization 1 points 9 hours ago No need. This administration is full of jew lovers, and they don't give a fuck what we think. permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 1 points 17 hours ago Week is not over yet. permalink parent award report block reply
LawyersPlayDota 0 points 19 hours ago the fuck are you smoking? permalink parent award report block reply redredwine 6 points 18 hours ago Haven't you noticed that the four of most popular conservative America-First right-wing podcasters (Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, Joe Rogan, Mark Dice) don't get stickied or we're expected to hate them because "reasons"? Have you noticed? What do you think happened? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 6 points 18 hours ago the fuck are you talking about? I've seen rogan and carlson on here all the time, and candace is a worthless grifter. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Rakkasan91b 4 points 14 hours ago Dude, Joe Rogan may be popular but he is far from being a conservative or America First. Candace is nothing but a bat shit crazy rage baiting grifter who isn't afraid to stoop to any low to gain attention, including her crazy ass conspiracy theory rants about her "supposed" friend Charlie Kirk. Tucker is on here all the time. Mark Dice might not be posted here that often, but I also wouldn't call him one of the most popular conservative America-First podcasters. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi -1 points 13 hours ago Oh sorry, we're not falling for the "muslims hate us for our freedom" and "muh greatest ally" bullshit that has plagued out foreign policy for 30 years. Muslims are incompatible with civilization. We understand this. The problem is we also know who has been bringing them here in order to make them our enemy as well as theirs. Is this over your head? Once it was inconceivable that someone could psychologically manipulate the population of an entire country to do what they wanted. But we all lived through COVID. "Safe and effective" while we get mail in ballots to steal an election was a little too blatant, even for the retards. It doesn't help that the usual suspects are always behind it, either. Caught up now? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah dude, that retarded faggotry has literally nothing to do with this incident. You people have a mental illness. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
redredwine 6 points 18 hours ago Haven't you noticed that the four of most popular conservative America-First right-wing podcasters (Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, Joe Rogan, Mark Dice) don't get stickied or we're expected to hate them because "reasons"? Have you noticed? What do you think happened? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 6 points 18 hours ago the fuck are you talking about? I've seen rogan and carlson on here all the time, and candace is a worthless grifter. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Rakkasan91b 4 points 14 hours ago Dude, Joe Rogan may be popular but he is far from being a conservative or America First. Candace is nothing but a bat shit crazy rage baiting grifter who isn't afraid to stoop to any low to gain attention, including her crazy ass conspiracy theory rants about her "supposed" friend Charlie Kirk. Tucker is on here all the time. Mark Dice might not be posted here that often, but I also wouldn't call him one of the most popular conservative America-First podcasters. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LawyersPlayDota 6 points 18 hours ago the fuck are you talking about? I've seen rogan and carlson on here all the time, and candace is a worthless grifter. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Rakkasan91b 4 points 14 hours ago Dude, Joe Rogan may be popular but he is far from being a conservative or America First. Candace is nothing but a bat shit crazy rage baiting grifter who isn't afraid to stoop to any low to gain attention, including her crazy ass conspiracy theory rants about her "supposed" friend Charlie Kirk. Tucker is on here all the time. Mark Dice might not be posted here that often, but I also wouldn't call him one of the most popular conservative America-First podcasters. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SimaYi -1 points 13 hours ago Oh sorry, we're not falling for the "muslims hate us for our freedom" and "muh greatest ally" bullshit that has plagued out foreign policy for 30 years. Muslims are incompatible with civilization. We understand this. The problem is we also know who has been bringing them here in order to make them our enemy as well as theirs. Is this over your head? Once it was inconceivable that someone could psychologically manipulate the population of an entire country to do what they wanted. But we all lived through COVID. "Safe and effective" while we get mail in ballots to steal an election was a little too blatant, even for the retards. It doesn't help that the usual suspects are always behind it, either. Caught up now? permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah dude, that retarded faggotry has literally nothing to do with this incident. You people have a mental illness. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
LawyersPlayDota 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah dude, that retarded faggotry has literally nothing to do with this incident. You people have a mental illness. 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Dman82 3 points 19 hours ago Thanks for the clarification I haven't seen it anywhere else permalink parent award report block reply LawyersPlayDota -1 points 19 hours ago Its being reported recently. I cover info for the WH so I end up seeing a lot of this as early as possible. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 0 points 17 hours ago Cool. Can you ask the Whitehouse what's up? Citizens want to know. permalink parent award report block reply
LawyersPlayDota -1 points 19 hours ago Its being reported recently. I cover info for the WH so I end up seeing a lot of this as early as possible. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 0 points 17 hours ago Cool. Can you ask the Whitehouse what's up? Citizens want to know. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 0 points 17 hours ago Cool. Can you ask the Whitehouse what's up? Citizens want to know. permalink parent award report block reply
Littleirishmaid 30 points 19 hours ago God bless this man. permalink award report block reply invalid_data 19 points 19 hours ago The crusades are coming back. You can feel it. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCorpuscle -3 points 12 hours ago Good lord! You nearly woke my wife up with that glow! permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, you object to people fighting back against Islam? You're the one who's glowing. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode -4 points 14 hours ago So lame. Completely skip over the State Department, CIA, U.N. and NGO assistance bringing them here. Feeding them. Housing them. Attacking random people in a group? Like the stupidest shit ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Attacking random people in a group? The fact that you see fighting back against Islam as an attack says a lot about you... permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Beelzy 2 points 19 hours ago 👍(Sits back after honing battle Dag.) permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 4 points 18 hours ago Ya like dags? permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 1 points 18 hours ago A blade with two cutting edges, what's not to like? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... RickSanchezC137 1 points 7 hours ago God wills it! permalink parent award report block reply
invalid_data 19 points 19 hours ago The crusades are coming back. You can feel it. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCorpuscle -3 points 12 hours ago Good lord! You nearly woke my wife up with that glow! permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, you object to people fighting back against Islam? You're the one who's glowing. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode -4 points 14 hours ago So lame. Completely skip over the State Department, CIA, U.N. and NGO assistance bringing them here. Feeding them. Housing them. Attacking random people in a group? Like the stupidest shit ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Attacking random people in a group? The fact that you see fighting back against Islam as an attack says a lot about you... permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Beelzy 2 points 19 hours ago 👍(Sits back after honing battle Dag.) permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 4 points 18 hours ago Ya like dags? permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 1 points 18 hours ago A blade with two cutting edges, what's not to like? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... RickSanchezC137 1 points 7 hours ago God wills it! permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCorpuscle -3 points 12 hours ago Good lord! You nearly woke my wife up with that glow! permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, you object to people fighting back against Islam? You're the one who's glowing. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode -4 points 14 hours ago So lame. Completely skip over the State Department, CIA, U.N. and NGO assistance bringing them here. Feeding them. Housing them. Attacking random people in a group? Like the stupidest shit ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Attacking random people in a group? The fact that you see fighting back against Islam as an attack says a lot about you... permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
CaptainCorpuscle -3 points 12 hours ago Good lord! You nearly woke my wife up with that glow! permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, you object to people fighting back against Islam? You're the one who's glowing. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Oh, you object to people fighting back against Islam? You're the one who's glowing. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode -4 points 14 hours ago So lame. Completely skip over the State Department, CIA, U.N. and NGO assistance bringing them here. Feeding them. Housing them. Attacking random people in a group? Like the stupidest shit ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Attacking random people in a group? The fact that you see fighting back against Islam as an attack says a lot about you... permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 7 hours ago Attacking random people in a group? The fact that you see fighting back against Islam as an attack says a lot about you... permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Beelzy 2 points 19 hours ago 👍(Sits back after honing battle Dag.) permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 4 points 18 hours ago Ya like dags? permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 1 points 18 hours ago A blade with two cutting edges, what's not to like? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TrancePhreak 4 points 18 hours ago Ya like dags? permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 1 points 18 hours ago A blade with two cutting edges, what's not to like? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Beelzy 1 points 18 hours ago A blade with two cutting edges, what's not to like? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
RickSanchezC137 1 points 7 hours ago God wills it! permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 22 points 19 hours ago Look at the mongrol cop. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 4 points 18 hours ago Cops. Plural. permalink parent award report block reply
TearsAficionado 4 points 18 hours ago Cops. Plural. permalink parent award report block reply
Alphahorizon 20 points 19 hours ago Thank you President Trump for designating Antifa as a terrorist organization. permalink award report block reply Dman82 24 points 19 hours ago It doesn't matter if they designate them a terrorist group if they don't treat them as a terrorist group permalink parent award report block reply SGT_Glowie 2 points 15 hours ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 1 points 14 hours ago Yeah, because that's done a whole lot.  Trump and his admin have been failing hard when it comes to their response to the violence and insurrection building around the country.  They haven't done shit yet. permalink parent award report block reply
Dman82 24 points 19 hours ago It doesn't matter if they designate them a terrorist group if they don't treat them as a terrorist group permalink parent award report block reply SGT_Glowie 2 points 15 hours ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply
SGT_Glowie 2 points 15 hours ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply
Rakkasan91b 1 points 14 hours ago Yeah, because that's done a whole lot.  Trump and his admin have been failing hard when it comes to their response to the violence and insurrection building around the country.  They haven't done shit yet. permalink parent award report block reply
queenicarius 18 points 19 hours ago The Muslim attacker was granted Naturalization less than a month ago.  Strip him of citizenship and deport. permalink award report block reply
Dwoj 17 points 19 hours ago WTF permalink award report block reply BreakingCNN 9 points 19 hours ago Berkeley, Berkeley, Berkeley permalink parent award report block reply
BreakingCNN 9 points 19 hours ago Berkeley, Berkeley, Berkeley permalink parent award report block reply
PhantomShield72 16 points 19 hours ago This photo is such a perfect symbol for where we're headed if the left is left unchallenged and treated with kid gloves... permalink award report block reply
Nomad899 15 points 19 hours ago Another bloodied Freedom shirt…. Was the asshole arrested too…. I saw film of it hiding its face permalink award report block reply LawyersPlayDota 11 points 19 hours ago Arrested and charged, and his name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 6 points 19 hours ago He's as ugly as the shoe bomber permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago Inbreeding. permalink parent award report block reply
LawyersPlayDota 11 points 19 hours ago Arrested and charged, and his name is Jihad Dphrepaulezz permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 6 points 19 hours ago He's as ugly as the shoe bomber permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago Inbreeding. permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 6 points 19 hours ago He's as ugly as the shoe bomber permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago Inbreeding. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago Inbreeding. permalink parent award report block reply
CaliAli 15 points 18 hours ago Dphrepaulezz is reportedly an employee of the California Department of Public Health. It was reported that Dphrepaulezz, a rapper known as A.R. The Believer and a member of the Lighthouse Mosque in Oakland, tried to conceal his identity after his mask was removed during the altercation. https://dailycaller.com/2025/11/11/jihad-dphrepaulezz-charged-tpusa-event/ permalink award report block reply morememesplz 7 points 15 hours ago wtf, that name seems so fake I thought it was a joke you guys made up permalink parent award report block reply
morememesplz 7 points 15 hours ago wtf, that name seems so fake I thought it was a joke you guys made up permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 12 points 18 hours ago There is no living with islam. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply
VanillaCupCake 10 points 19 hours ago if pam bondi would get off her arse and do something this would not be an issue, the cops should be arrested for a hate crime.... where the fvck was kash at? permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 8 points 19 hours ago Alex Jones' sources call Pam lazy and ignorant, and Kash is compromised and lives with a gay billionaire in Vegas. Weird. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 19 hours ago where the fvck was kash at? Antifa works for the FBI. permalink parent award report block reply VanillaCupCake 1 points 19 hours ago what the FVCK???????? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 1 points 19 hours ago You can swear liberally here. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 8 points 19 hours ago Alex Jones' sources call Pam lazy and ignorant, and Kash is compromised and lives with a gay billionaire in Vegas. Weird. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 3 points 19 hours ago where the fvck was kash at? Antifa works for the FBI. permalink parent award report block reply VanillaCupCake 1 points 19 hours ago what the FVCK???????? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 1 points 19 hours ago You can swear liberally here. permalink parent award report block reply
VanillaCupCake 1 points 19 hours ago what the FVCK???????? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 1 points 19 hours ago You can swear liberally here. permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 1 points 19 hours ago You can swear liberally here. permalink parent award report block reply
4886Battery 10 points 19 hours ago The scum who grabbed the cross necklace from the guy is named Jihad Dphrepaulezz, he's apparently an employee of the California Department of Public Heath, not sure what his title is because his LinkedIn has been closed and Google did a way with their cached pages.  There are some photos of him here: https://drewaltizer.com/search?type=photos&people=133151-jihad-dphrepaulezz permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 8 points 18 hours ago Freedom of religion, and the privileges associated with it, should not extend to Islam and its adherents. For starters, all mosques and Muslims must be taxed without exemption. Any resistance will be met with lethal force. permalink award report block reply
A_Colostomy_Bag 6 points 19 hours ago There's two paths ahead for us, we either end up like the Kulaks during the Bolshevik revolution or we fight back until we have control over the government and the justice system so that we can let our side break laws with impunity like the left does now and treat all leftists like they treated J6 protesters sending so many of them to prison that they all live in fear the way many people on the right do now. I wish I still believed we could return to the way things were, the way our founding fathers had it, but the left has been taken over by people who want to destroy our country and imprison or eliminate anyone who disagrees with them and there's too many of them embedded in positions of power that we'll ever get back to normal. Eventually a majority of people will realize this, I just hope it's not too late when that happens. permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 6 points 19 hours ago The arresting officers need to be arrested themselves. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago This is why punchable faces gets taken down. Those police officers would be top posts. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago This is why punchable faces gets taken down. Those police officers would be top posts. permalink parent award report block reply
magamagashii 6 points 19 hours ago Deport them ALL permalink award report block reply
CDean 5 points 19 hours ago When you are talking about two men, you can't repeatedly use "he." No idea what really happened here. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 5 points 18 hours ago The black cop looks incredibly like the “Fiery but mostly peaceful protest” guy permalink award report block reply
Dr_Phil 4 points 17 hours ago The freedom shirt brings back bad memories... permalink award report block reply
JulliettSierraTango 4 points 18 hours ago Why would you NOT bring a gun, to a knife fight? permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 3 points 15 hours ago They weren’t even letting bags into the plaza outside, let alone the venue. The mob knew we would be unarmed and who could blame TPUSA for that after what happened to Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 3 points 15 hours ago They weren’t even letting bags into the plaza outside, let alone the venue. The mob knew we would be unarmed and who could blame TPUSA for that after what happened to Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply
RogueLeaderX 3 points 19 hours ago California is the absolute worst. New York isnt even as bad with all its problems. permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 1 points 15 hours ago Most blue cities in this country are just trying to be like SF. It all starts there. permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 1 points 15 hours ago Most blue cities in this country are just trying to be like SF. It all starts there. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 19 hours ago Colleges have the power to designate protest zones, which should have been a separate event on the other side of he campus. permalink award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 3 points 15 hours ago Title should have gone "he never threw a punch himself, instead God willed him to draw his pistol and mag dump the muzzie before retrieving his cross" permalink award report block reply
Awakened 3 points 18 hours ago Berkeley is one of several Hell Mouths on our planet. permalink award report block reply
LolitaExpressPilot 3 points 18 hours ago "he never threw a punch himself" is not a sign of strength, it's a sign of submission. He should have cleaned that dude's clock the moment that dude went hands on. Turn the other cheek doesn't mean take a beating, it means man up and resist. permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 3 points 15 hours ago He fought back. It’s enough. He didn’t let the thief go. Now justice will be served hopefully. I was there last night. I’ve been to these events in Berkeley many times. It can be very intimidating. You get overwhelmed and outnumbered by the mob very quickly. The police aren’t on a side. They just want to squash any nonsense. They’ll sort the facts out later. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus -1 points 9 hours ago Dr. MLK jr. says you're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 0 points 6 hours ago How did that work out for him? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 hours ago The peaceful protests that required training before people were allowed to join? They worked great. Really showed police brutality, and by not fighting back it amplified how brutal the police were. This should have been in your history class. Go watch some videos on YouTube. permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 3 points 15 hours ago He fought back. It’s enough. He didn’t let the thief go. Now justice will be served hopefully. I was there last night. I’ve been to these events in Berkeley many times. It can be very intimidating. You get overwhelmed and outnumbered by the mob very quickly. The police aren’t on a side. They just want to squash any nonsense. They’ll sort the facts out later. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus -1 points 9 hours ago Dr. MLK jr. says you're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 0 points 6 hours ago How did that work out for him? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 hours ago The peaceful protests that required training before people were allowed to join? They worked great. Really showed police brutality, and by not fighting back it amplified how brutal the police were. This should have been in your history class. Go watch some videos on YouTube. permalink parent award report block reply
worldowedexplanation 0 points 6 hours ago How did that work out for him? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 hours ago The peaceful protests that required training before people were allowed to join? They worked great. Really showed police brutality, and by not fighting back it amplified how brutal the police were. This should have been in your history class. Go watch some videos on YouTube. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 hours ago The peaceful protests that required training before people were allowed to join? They worked great. Really showed police brutality, and by not fighting back it amplified how brutal the police were. This should have been in your history class. Go watch some videos on YouTube. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 14 hours ago Be a lot cheaper if we hired some H1Bs to go fight Antifa. Like, I got an UberStreetFight gig lined up. permalink award report block reply
SenorTrumper 3 points 19 hours ago FYI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_5kNMX9I_g permalink award report block reply
MAGABOND 3 points 17 hours ago God bless this man. permalink award report block reply
Fourloco 2 points 19 hours ago Curious how long this stuff is gonna keep going on? permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 2 points 15 hours ago It was worse 10 years ago at Berkeley. The message might be finally sinking in that this intimidation is not ok. Could you imagine what the state would do to us if we stood outside abortion clinics and screamed and bullied the women going inside?  This should receive the same level of protection from the government. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 2 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 2 points 15 hours ago It was worse 10 years ago at Berkeley. The message might be finally sinking in that this intimidation is not ok. Could you imagine what the state would do to us if we stood outside abortion clinics and screamed and bullied the women going inside?  This should receive the same level of protection from the government. permalink parent award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ 2 points 16 hours ago And people call me a "Jew" for opposing this ideology. permalink award report block reply
kanikilee2024 2 points 2 hours ago Is it just me, but,after watching the video of the altercation, why is there only one cop on the attacker and 15-20 on the victim....could this be a perfect example of racial profiling? permalink award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 2 points 19 hours ago The LEFT want a war! They will REEEEEEEÈEEEEE permalink award report block reply
lizardo221 2 points 18 hours ago Is there a video of this anywhere? permalink award report block reply
Jsmitty112 2 points 19 hours ago Fuckin pigs permalink award report block reply
journalist 2 points 14 hours ago Britain approves. permalink award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 2 points 15 hours ago Muslims are the scum of the earth permalink award report block reply
FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 15 hours ago He is Charlie Kirk permalink award report block reply
Modernturnkey 2 points 19 hours ago Are people ready to die for their faith in Christ? Are they ready to kill for him? permalink award report block reply
beansieman1911 1 points 19 hours ago Video permalink award report block reply
BreakingCNN 1 points 19 hours ago https://x.com/MarkPowers31140/status/1988405436798955662?s=20 permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 18 hours ago When will it be time to stop turning the other cheek ? permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago We need to work very hard to make it legal to run over protesters in every state. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago We need to work very hard to make it legal to run over protesters in every state. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago We need to work very hard to make it legal to run over protesters in every state. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 8 hours ago The clearly racist Muslim attacker was arrested apparently.  Yay.  Tho I'm sure nothing will happen to him permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago Since the internet has seen the faces of the police officers, I'm sure they'll be getting punched in the face now too. permalink award report block reply
Evansh 1 points 18 hours ago Pysop permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 19 hours ago The country has already fallen in some parts, others remain semi functional. It will continue to get worse, u less we stop it soon permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 17 hours ago We're already fighting back. Join us! It begins by getting together a group of like-minded patriots. Start with your church and your friends and grow from there. Set up a phone tree. Use burner phones. Don't text. Organize, coordinate, think, be creative! You already know how to respond to their street-blocking "prayers." Pick a name or organization and get involved. permalink parent award report block reply
Maximumheight 1 points 13 hours ago Please provide the ideo of this claimed description. It sure doesn't align with the video I saw..
Don't be fucking dumb.
Misleading MAGA is no different than hurting our cause. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago The video was posted here yesterday. Look for it. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago The video was posted here yesterday. Look for it. permalink parent award report block reply
rattleS 1 points 12 hours ago he never threw a punch himself And you wonder why you are losing the war permalink award report block reply
123breadman 1 points 15 hours ago This is what they did to Jesus. Beat him and arrested him. This will happen to you all who live in liberal states. permalink award report block reply
WesternCivilization 1 points 7 hours ago Carry next time permalink award report block reply
iteachfuckinscience 1 points 19 hours ago Turn the other cheek permalink award report block reply
USNVET71 0 points 18 hours ago Our country is in real trouble. permalink award report block reply
ChimpanzeeFatigue -2 points 19 hours ago “FREEDOM” permalink award report block reply
maleitch -3 points 17 hours ago The most terrifying part of this is how many of you so called Christians will stand by and do nothing while claiming to be the true patriots... permalink award report block reply mandarb916 5 points 17 hours ago So...did you do something?  Or are you just criticizing? Just asking permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 16 hours ago That commenter is an emotional internet tough guy hoping others will do something rather than doing anything themselves. I'm sure they would say "id do (insert some fake hypothetical here)" meanwhile, they'd never have the balls to put themselves in that situation ever. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Why aren't you? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago Those ex Muslim organizations are concerning. Islam kills apostates. To the point most exmuslums pretend to still be Muslim so their own family won't kill them. And, they are joining organizations. That doesn't seem very safe. permalink parent award report block reply tuaris -1 points 15 hours ago They do plenty.  They preach, pray, indoctrinate, and sell merchandise. permalink parent award report block reply
mandarb916 5 points 17 hours ago So...did you do something?  Or are you just criticizing? Just asking permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 16 hours ago That commenter is an emotional internet tough guy hoping others will do something rather than doing anything themselves. I'm sure they would say "id do (insert some fake hypothetical here)" meanwhile, they'd never have the balls to put themselves in that situation ever. permalink parent award report block reply
JDVance4President28 2 points 16 hours ago That commenter is an emotional internet tough guy hoping others will do something rather than doing anything themselves. I'm sure they would say "id do (insert some fake hypothetical here)" meanwhile, they'd never have the balls to put themselves in that situation ever. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 17 hours ago We're fighting back. Why aren't you? permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago Those ex Muslim organizations are concerning. Islam kills apostates. To the point most exmuslums pretend to still be Muslim so their own family won't kill them. And, they are joining organizations. That doesn't seem very safe. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 9 hours ago Those ex Muslim organizations are concerning. Islam kills apostates. To the point most exmuslums pretend to still be Muslim so their own family won't kill them. And, they are joining organizations. That doesn't seem very safe. permalink parent award report block reply
tuaris -1 points 15 hours ago They do plenty.  They preach, pray, indoctrinate, and sell merchandise. permalink parent award report block reply
tuaris -5 points 15 hours ago Why was he there preaching?  Can't christains (and muslims? I've never seen a muslim preaching) just keep that shit to themselves like the jews do?  You never see a jew preaching on a street corner. permalink award report block reply Rakkasan91b 5 points 14 hours ago Get out of here with that shit.  The dude had every right to be preaching if that's what he was even doing. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 3 points 9 hours ago Go to Minnesota, they broadcast prayer calls now. permalink parent award report block reply Schrodingers_Cat 1 points 6 hours ago We’re called to help save as many as we can by telling people about Jesus and trying to guide them in the way they should go. permalink parent award report block reply
Rakkasan91b 5 points 14 hours ago Get out of here with that shit.  The dude had every right to be preaching if that's what he was even doing. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 3 points 9 hours ago Go to Minnesota, they broadcast prayer calls now. permalink parent award report block reply
Schrodingers_Cat 1 points 6 hours ago We’re called to help save as many as we can by telling people about Jesus and trying to guide them in the way they should go. permalink parent award report block reply