408 Look what is important to woke Republicans posted 6 days ago by ALT26 42 comments award share report block Hodgetwins @hodgetwins • 6d Look what is important to woke Republicans Senator John Cornyn @JohnCornyn • 6d 📣 My bill to aid in the recovery of Nazi-looted art & deliver justice for Holocaust survivors & their families just unanimously passed out of @SenJudiciaryGOP committee. With antisemitism on the rise around the world, this bill sends a message to Holocaust survivors & their
42 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno pickleball_jones 46 points 6 days ago There is a 271,000% chance this is just a new money laundering technique for the covenant breakers. permalink award report block reply jaeger 40 points 6 days ago Won't do a fucking thing for our country though, great timing. permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 38 points 6 days ago Enough with the Jewish favoritism. We have real problems to address. permalink award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 5 points 5 days ago Username checks out. permalink parent award report block reply BKav 30 points 6 days ago Cornyn is such a faggot.  He runs ads on Rumble claiming that it’s his efforts (along with Trump) that have secured the border.  What a POS.  Why didn’t he do it when the sniffer in chief was in office? permalink award report block reply Midsouth 16 points 6 days ago I seen those it makes me sick.  All the time he's been in the senate I have not heard of him doing anything. Then he pops up talking about Israel antisemen blah blah blah permalink parent award report block reply FireTheCannons1776 2 points 5 days ago Texas hates this RINO, but as long as the political donations keep coming in with his name on it, the state GOP won't replace him. permalink parent award report block reply OpusX 22 points 6 days ago This pathetic simping for Israel when there's a million more important things going on in our country is a huuuge reason why everyday people who otherwise wouldn't care what Israel does are turning against them. permalink award report block reply MagaPhone017 14 points 6 days ago Wouldn't that be a conflict of interest, as recovering the property the NAZIs stole would essentially loot George Soros' wealth, wouldn't it? We know he donates to some republicans. permalink award report block reply BidensBodyDouble 10 points 6 days ago Soros' role with the Nazis was arguably more sinister. He was a fucking teenager who faked papers to avoid being known as a jew. He then went around to houses and identified where the jews were so the nazis could take care of it. permalink parent award report block reply MagaPhone017 7 points 6 days ago I didn't know all the nuts and bolts of it, but IIRC (the source is old, so I may have misconstrued it), he also took possession of many things that he later sold and used thast money to invest, building his fortune. I think that's how the arrangement worked for turning in his fellow Jews. I didn't know he had paperwork created to not appear as a Jew to the NAZIs. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 5 days ago They were called the "Judenrats". permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 12 points 6 days ago woke - that's a funny way to spell retard permalink award report block reply terribletwos 11 points 6 days ago This is why the commie won, because these old retarded fucks have no idea what is happening in reality. permalink award report block reply WanderingStar 9 points 6 days ago Fuckin’ Cornyn.  America last and Texas even further down the list.  Vote him out! permalink award report block reply MeMargie 8 points 6 days ago What about the survivors of your Treason? permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 7 points 6 days ago They just "improved" an act from 2016 to change the rules of fighting the claim of theft. I didn't see all the provisions but I know they were discussing about not allowing such arguments like it was a long time ago and/or it exchanged hands. So if you bought art you didn't know was originally stolen they wanted to make it more difficult to claim damages. Of course they aren't too worried about making sure the claims are legitimate because it has happened where someone claimed the Nazis stole it from them but they never actually owned it. All they know is that it was in  possession of the Nazis. permalink award report block reply SubmarineGuy 7 points 6 days ago Is there anything left? permalink award report block reply DeadOverRed 6 points 6 days ago Are there a lot of living Nazi victims still around, or. . . ? permalink award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 2 points 5 days ago Some, who were children at the time, but there are plenty who were born after the war who claim they were so they can scam the German government out of lifetime reparations. Also, garunteed when the timeline gets to the point where that scam won't work anymore, jews will lobby so the descendants are eligible for the grift. Germany will be paying jews until the end of time (or until muslims take over Europe.) permalink parent award report block reply MADASHELLNEWS 6 points 6 days ago The ADL and southern poverty law center approve now they just need to kiss the wall and go on a endless apology tour. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago He cant let Cruze out juice him. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 5 points 6 days ago And all this will do is cause more people to hate Israel/Jews permalink award report block reply RichardCranium88 5 points 6 days ago Shouldnt Israel be paying restitution to the United States for liberating Jews from concentration camps? Approximately 250,000 American soldiers died in the European theater of World War II. permalink award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago There should be a monument in israel, a new world wonder, built to honor the millions who fought and died defeating Germany, paid for by jews worldwide. Instead they build hundreds of holocaust museums in countries around the world to guilt everyone into never speaking ill of jews for any reason. permalink parent award report block reply RichardCranium88 2 points 5 days ago Tucker Carson should address the chutzpah of Jews never thanking Americans. Jews owe US, which is weird considering usury, debt and compound interest rates are a jew thing. permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 4 points 6 days ago Holocaust survivors 1945 was 80 years ago. The few that are still alive are in their nineties. permalink award report block reply Another_ID 4 points 5 days ago Keep losing the young people. Republicans are just controlled opposition. permalink award report block reply Spellmonger 4 points 5 days ago President Trump: Introduce a bill to secure our election. Senator Cornyn: Not happening. permalink award report block reply Carmen1956 4 points 5 days ago Primary his useless Rino ass! permalink award report block reply barwhack 3 points 6 days ago Semites have a country. They should go to it, and adhere to it. And we Americans - in contrast - should MAGA. permalink award report block reply stormdraintrooper 3 points 5 days ago I gotta refrain from posting on X when I'm under the influence, but fuck, what district in israel does he represent?  Is that all these maggots do, consume profit dollars off of "charities" and other grifts? permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago Do better TX. permalink award report block reply LostElf 3 points 5 days ago Call (202) 224-2934 to politely inform the senator's office where the senator can wedge his priorities sideways. permalink award report block reply stylecouncilor 2 points 5 days ago Not high on any list of priorities. permalink award report block reply lispboy 2 points 6 days ago Never let a good crisis go to waste. 80+ years they've been milking this one. permalink award report block reply Trump2020or4eva 2 points 5 days ago We need to ban the jews. permalink award report block reply Unboosted 1 points 5 days ago A woke republican is just a democrat. Maga is center, republican is left and leftist is up against the wall for mao and th democrat party needs to be banned cuz their ideology is dangerous, promotes death and is a net negative for humanity. End the cult of leftism! permalink award report block reply Tandoor -12 points 6 days ago There are a lot of reasons to dislike John Cornyn. This isn't one of them. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago Why is this something you support? permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 5 days ago Even if you support the bill, the decision to announce it on X is atrocious in terms of timing. At minimum, staffers should know not to do this. The DC bubble must be penetrated somehow. permalink parent award report block reply Tandoor -13 points 6 days ago I can think of a lot of reason to dislike John Cornyn. This isn''t one of them. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
pickleball_jones 46 points 6 days ago There is a 271,000% chance this is just a new money laundering technique for the covenant breakers. permalink award report block reply
jaeger 40 points 6 days ago Won't do a fucking thing for our country though, great timing. permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 38 points 6 days ago Enough with the Jewish favoritism. We have real problems to address. permalink award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 5 points 5 days ago Username checks out. permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 5 points 5 days ago Username checks out. permalink parent award report block reply
BKav 30 points 6 days ago Cornyn is such a faggot.  He runs ads on Rumble claiming that it’s his efforts (along with Trump) that have secured the border.  What a POS.  Why didn’t he do it when the sniffer in chief was in office? permalink award report block reply Midsouth 16 points 6 days ago I seen those it makes me sick.  All the time he's been in the senate I have not heard of him doing anything. Then he pops up talking about Israel antisemen blah blah blah permalink parent award report block reply FireTheCannons1776 2 points 5 days ago Texas hates this RINO, but as long as the political donations keep coming in with his name on it, the state GOP won't replace him. permalink parent award report block reply
Midsouth 16 points 6 days ago I seen those it makes me sick.  All the time he's been in the senate I have not heard of him doing anything. Then he pops up talking about Israel antisemen blah blah blah permalink parent award report block reply
FireTheCannons1776 2 points 5 days ago Texas hates this RINO, but as long as the political donations keep coming in with his name on it, the state GOP won't replace him. permalink parent award report block reply
OpusX 22 points 6 days ago This pathetic simping for Israel when there's a million more important things going on in our country is a huuuge reason why everyday people who otherwise wouldn't care what Israel does are turning against them. permalink award report block reply
MagaPhone017 14 points 6 days ago Wouldn't that be a conflict of interest, as recovering the property the NAZIs stole would essentially loot George Soros' wealth, wouldn't it? We know he donates to some republicans. permalink award report block reply BidensBodyDouble 10 points 6 days ago Soros' role with the Nazis was arguably more sinister. He was a fucking teenager who faked papers to avoid being known as a jew. He then went around to houses and identified where the jews were so the nazis could take care of it. permalink parent award report block reply MagaPhone017 7 points 6 days ago I didn't know all the nuts and bolts of it, but IIRC (the source is old, so I may have misconstrued it), he also took possession of many things that he later sold and used thast money to invest, building his fortune. I think that's how the arrangement worked for turning in his fellow Jews. I didn't know he had paperwork created to not appear as a Jew to the NAZIs. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 5 days ago They were called the "Judenrats". permalink parent award report block reply
BidensBodyDouble 10 points 6 days ago Soros' role with the Nazis was arguably more sinister. He was a fucking teenager who faked papers to avoid being known as a jew. He then went around to houses and identified where the jews were so the nazis could take care of it. permalink parent award report block reply MagaPhone017 7 points 6 days ago I didn't know all the nuts and bolts of it, but IIRC (the source is old, so I may have misconstrued it), he also took possession of many things that he later sold and used thast money to invest, building his fortune. I think that's how the arrangement worked for turning in his fellow Jews. I didn't know he had paperwork created to not appear as a Jew to the NAZIs. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 5 days ago They were called the "Judenrats". permalink parent award report block reply
MagaPhone017 7 points 6 days ago I didn't know all the nuts and bolts of it, but IIRC (the source is old, so I may have misconstrued it), he also took possession of many things that he later sold and used thast money to invest, building his fortune. I think that's how the arrangement worked for turning in his fellow Jews. I didn't know he had paperwork created to not appear as a Jew to the NAZIs. permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 4 points 5 days ago They were called the "Judenrats". permalink parent award report block reply
perma-maga 12 points 6 days ago woke - that's a funny way to spell retard permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 11 points 6 days ago This is why the commie won, because these old retarded fucks have no idea what is happening in reality. permalink award report block reply
WanderingStar 9 points 6 days ago Fuckin’ Cornyn.  America last and Texas even further down the list.  Vote him out! permalink award report block reply
MeMargie 8 points 6 days ago What about the survivors of your Treason? permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 7 points 6 days ago They just "improved" an act from 2016 to change the rules of fighting the claim of theft. I didn't see all the provisions but I know they were discussing about not allowing such arguments like it was a long time ago and/or it exchanged hands. So if you bought art you didn't know was originally stolen they wanted to make it more difficult to claim damages. Of course they aren't too worried about making sure the claims are legitimate because it has happened where someone claimed the Nazis stole it from them but they never actually owned it. All they know is that it was in  possession of the Nazis. permalink award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 7 points 6 days ago Is there anything left? permalink award report block reply
DeadOverRed 6 points 6 days ago Are there a lot of living Nazi victims still around, or. . . ? permalink award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 2 points 5 days ago Some, who were children at the time, but there are plenty who were born after the war who claim they were so they can scam the German government out of lifetime reparations. Also, garunteed when the timeline gets to the point where that scam won't work anymore, jews will lobby so the descendants are eligible for the grift. Germany will be paying jews until the end of time (or until muslims take over Europe.) permalink parent award report block reply
AgnosticTemplar 2 points 5 days ago Some, who were children at the time, but there are plenty who were born after the war who claim they were so they can scam the German government out of lifetime reparations. Also, garunteed when the timeline gets to the point where that scam won't work anymore, jews will lobby so the descendants are eligible for the grift. Germany will be paying jews until the end of time (or until muslims take over Europe.) permalink parent award report block reply
MADASHELLNEWS 6 points 6 days ago The ADL and southern poverty law center approve now they just need to kiss the wall and go on a endless apology tour. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago He cant let Cruze out juice him. permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago He cant let Cruze out juice him. permalink parent award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 5 points 6 days ago And all this will do is cause more people to hate Israel/Jews permalink award report block reply
RichardCranium88 5 points 6 days ago Shouldnt Israel be paying restitution to the United States for liberating Jews from concentration camps? Approximately 250,000 American soldiers died in the European theater of World War II. permalink award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago There should be a monument in israel, a new world wonder, built to honor the millions who fought and died defeating Germany, paid for by jews worldwide. Instead they build hundreds of holocaust museums in countries around the world to guilt everyone into never speaking ill of jews for any reason. permalink parent award report block reply RichardCranium88 2 points 5 days ago Tucker Carson should address the chutzpah of Jews never thanking Americans. Jews owe US, which is weird considering usury, debt and compound interest rates are a jew thing. permalink parent award report block reply
AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago There should be a monument in israel, a new world wonder, built to honor the millions who fought and died defeating Germany, paid for by jews worldwide. Instead they build hundreds of holocaust museums in countries around the world to guilt everyone into never speaking ill of jews for any reason. permalink parent award report block reply RichardCranium88 2 points 5 days ago Tucker Carson should address the chutzpah of Jews never thanking Americans. Jews owe US, which is weird considering usury, debt and compound interest rates are a jew thing. permalink parent award report block reply
RichardCranium88 2 points 5 days ago Tucker Carson should address the chutzpah of Jews never thanking Americans. Jews owe US, which is weird considering usury, debt and compound interest rates are a jew thing. permalink parent award report block reply
MaoHadOnly1Testicle 4 points 6 days ago Holocaust survivors 1945 was 80 years ago. The few that are still alive are in their nineties. permalink award report block reply
Another_ID 4 points 5 days ago Keep losing the young people. Republicans are just controlled opposition. permalink award report block reply
Spellmonger 4 points 5 days ago President Trump: Introduce a bill to secure our election. Senator Cornyn: Not happening. permalink award report block reply
Carmen1956 4 points 5 days ago Primary his useless Rino ass! permalink award report block reply
barwhack 3 points 6 days ago Semites have a country. They should go to it, and adhere to it. And we Americans - in contrast - should MAGA. permalink award report block reply
stormdraintrooper 3 points 5 days ago I gotta refrain from posting on X when I'm under the influence, but fuck, what district in israel does he represent?  Is that all these maggots do, consume profit dollars off of "charities" and other grifts? permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago Do better TX. permalink award report block reply
LostElf 3 points 5 days ago Call (202) 224-2934 to politely inform the senator's office where the senator can wedge his priorities sideways. permalink award report block reply
stylecouncilor 2 points 5 days ago Not high on any list of priorities. permalink award report block reply
lispboy 2 points 6 days ago Never let a good crisis go to waste. 80+ years they've been milking this one. permalink award report block reply
Trump2020or4eva 2 points 5 days ago We need to ban the jews. permalink award report block reply
Unboosted 1 points 5 days ago A woke republican is just a democrat. Maga is center, republican is left and leftist is up against the wall for mao and th democrat party needs to be banned cuz their ideology is dangerous, promotes death and is a net negative for humanity. End the cult of leftism! permalink award report block reply
Tandoor -12 points 6 days ago There are a lot of reasons to dislike John Cornyn. This isn't one of them. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago Why is this something you support? permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 5 days ago Even if you support the bill, the decision to announce it on X is atrocious in terms of timing. At minimum, staffers should know not to do this. The DC bubble must be penetrated somehow. permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 3 points 5 days ago Why is this something you support? permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 3 points 5 days ago Even if you support the bill, the decision to announce it on X is atrocious in terms of timing. At minimum, staffers should know not to do this. The DC bubble must be penetrated somehow. permalink parent award report block reply
Tandoor -13 points 6 days ago I can think of a lot of reason to dislike John Cornyn. This isn''t one of them. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply