12 1/2 of US College Classes are Gender Studies and Worse YOU GUYS ARE GAY posted 1 hour ago by Rerun1Central 4 comments award share report block We can stand to close half of colleges
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save The Real Story Behind His Exit No One Saw Coming Read More Ads by Ad.Style Grindelwald 2 points 1 hour ago Don’t need to go to college to study genders.   You can become an expert with little experience and you don’t need a book. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 hour ago Just read the Bible. 2 genders ONLY. Check. Marrige is between a MAN and WOMAN ONLY . Check. And violating that (same gender, besialitiy, etc.) is a SIN. Also check. Lack of Christianity = Lack of MAGA. Full stop. permalink parent award report block reply ChristiansAreIsrael 1 points 58 minutes ago Spoken like a cletus who never passed high school. You faggots are actually giving so much ground to democrats to continue to dominate its unreal. Maybe if you weren't uneducated you would waste your time chasing conspiracies that a basic chemistry course could have prevented and actually push politics that will cause trouble for democrats like deporting illegals. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 1 hour ago Are you joking or legit? Gonna need a link. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 2 points 1 hour ago Don’t need to go to college to study genders.   You can become an expert with little experience and you don’t need a book. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 hour ago Just read the Bible. 2 genders ONLY. Check. Marrige is between a MAN and WOMAN ONLY . Check. And violating that (same gender, besialitiy, etc.) is a SIN. Also check. Lack of Christianity = Lack of MAGA. Full stop. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 hour ago Just read the Bible. 2 genders ONLY. Check. Marrige is between a MAN and WOMAN ONLY . Check. And violating that (same gender, besialitiy, etc.) is a SIN. Also check. Lack of Christianity = Lack of MAGA. Full stop. permalink parent award report block reply
ChristiansAreIsrael 1 points 58 minutes ago Spoken like a cletus who never passed high school. You faggots are actually giving so much ground to democrats to continue to dominate its unreal. Maybe if you weren't uneducated you would waste your time chasing conspiracies that a basic chemistry course could have prevented and actually push politics that will cause trouble for democrats like deporting illegals. permalink award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 1 hour ago Are you joking or legit? Gonna need a link. permalink award report block reply