866 When a Government CONTROLS YOUR LIFE BY FUNDING IT, it doesn’t have to take your freedom, you will hand it over piece by piece in exchange for comfort. You’ll think you’re being cared for, when in reality is, you’re being kept.” posted 4 days ago by blue5707 22 comments award share report block 👉M-Û-R-Č-H👈 @TheEXECUTlONER_ • 6d This woman says the quiet part out loud and speaks an uncomfortable truth. Say it louder for the people in the back! “If the Government feeds you, it can starve you. If the Government houses you, it can evict you. If the Government pays your utilities, it can turn them off. If
22 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save corporateshizer 21 points 4 days ago The problem is that the non-whites all love the concept of handing over their autonomy in exchange for food and housing, and they team up with the small percentage of lazy homegrown whites to form a large political bloc. Get rid of the brown invaders, and it would get rid of the political force that allows this. Mass remigration helps nearly every problem Americans are now facing. permalink award report block reply tholinz 13 points 4 days ago Most of these people are coming from countries or have been born into circumstances (multi-generational welfare families) where they never had any of that freedom in the first place, so for them, it's not giving a damn thing up. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 3 points 4 days ago the jews opened the gates to the browns. we need to go after the nerve center, the brains, the head, the final boss, the command and control center: the jew. Cut off the head and the body will die. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 4 days ago This happens all the way down to the micro level in marriages. There are people who absolutely will not leave the most abusive relationships because all of those needs are taken care of. permalink award report block reply Deplorable556 4 points 4 days ago reminds me of a lyric from a slipknot song called killpop: "Lost inside my dirty head, something tells me I'm the one who's kept" permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 3 points 4 days ago The problem is that a lot of people don't mind this because they are lazy and uneducated in basic civics. A child growing up in this environment thinks its ok and so the cycle continues. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 4 days ago So...folks can stop paying property tax since they are...free? permalink award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 2 points 4 days ago Sure you can...for about 6months, with a 6% penalty the first month and an extra 1% for the next 5 months (TX). From here, it’s all compounding misery as the file a delinquent tax lawsuit, now we got attorney fees in the mix. It depends on the county, but the process can take as little as 1–2 years from first delinquency in fast-moving counties, or 3–5 years out in the sticks, to lose your property. It’s mostly about how bloodthirsty the local tax attorney feels, and mine is exceptional thirsty. permalink parent award report block reply YearninNation 2 points 4 days ago How about addressing usury/compound interest, mandatory insurance, DEI and income tax? permalink award report block reply jsphere256 2 points 4 days ago The government will give you just barely enough to survive because survival is the government objective. This will prevent things like retirement, education, and travel. Plus, it will remove these opportunities for others who are taxed to bankroll your crumbs, until the standard for all of society becomes a race to the bottom. permalink award report block reply cbonez416 2 points 4 days ago 10000% correct permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 4 days ago now do big corps and other such institutions? permalink award report block reply gunzby 1 points 4 days ago If your life is completely dependent upon the government keeping you up, you are essentially livestock. permalink award report block reply BillPigg 1 points 4 days ago This is what Socialism looks like. permalink award report block reply Fakehistory2 1 points 4 days ago I'm waiting for that rug pull but it never comes. Everything just slowly gets more expensive instead. The collective rug pull is happening instead. permalink award report block reply Calumet57 1 points 4 days ago rechecking notes I thought we abolished slavery.  The British led the way and Lincoln followed. Or did we somehow miss something where little has changed at all? permalink award report block reply friarfox 1 points 4 days ago 'Woof'. Good dog. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago Why always in a car?  I don't understand this weird trend. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 4 days ago Yeah the problem is these people don't care permalink award report block reply Dwoj 1 points 4 days ago She’s not wrong permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 4 days ago she nailed it, but the people that say the government would never do that, are the same ones destroying this country permalink award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
corporateshizer 21 points 4 days ago The problem is that the non-whites all love the concept of handing over their autonomy in exchange for food and housing, and they team up with the small percentage of lazy homegrown whites to form a large political bloc. Get rid of the brown invaders, and it would get rid of the political force that allows this. Mass remigration helps nearly every problem Americans are now facing. permalink award report block reply tholinz 13 points 4 days ago Most of these people are coming from countries or have been born into circumstances (multi-generational welfare families) where they never had any of that freedom in the first place, so for them, it's not giving a damn thing up. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 3 points 4 days ago the jews opened the gates to the browns. we need to go after the nerve center, the brains, the head, the final boss, the command and control center: the jew. Cut off the head and the body will die. permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 13 points 4 days ago Most of these people are coming from countries or have been born into circumstances (multi-generational welfare families) where they never had any of that freedom in the first place, so for them, it's not giving a damn thing up. permalink parent award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 3 points 4 days ago the jews opened the gates to the browns. we need to go after the nerve center, the brains, the head, the final boss, the command and control center: the jew. Cut off the head and the body will die. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 7 points 4 days ago This happens all the way down to the micro level in marriages. There are people who absolutely will not leave the most abusive relationships because all of those needs are taken care of. permalink award report block reply
Deplorable556 4 points 4 days ago reminds me of a lyric from a slipknot song called killpop: "Lost inside my dirty head, something tells me I'm the one who's kept" permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 3 points 4 days ago The problem is that a lot of people don't mind this because they are lazy and uneducated in basic civics. A child growing up in this environment thinks its ok and so the cycle continues. permalink award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 4 days ago So...folks can stop paying property tax since they are...free? permalink award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 2 points 4 days ago Sure you can...for about 6months, with a 6% penalty the first month and an extra 1% for the next 5 months (TX). From here, it’s all compounding misery as the file a delinquent tax lawsuit, now we got attorney fees in the mix. It depends on the county, but the process can take as little as 1–2 years from first delinquency in fast-moving counties, or 3–5 years out in the sticks, to lose your property. It’s mostly about how bloodthirsty the local tax attorney feels, and mine is exceptional thirsty. permalink parent award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 2 points 4 days ago Sure you can...for about 6months, with a 6% penalty the first month and an extra 1% for the next 5 months (TX). From here, it’s all compounding misery as the file a delinquent tax lawsuit, now we got attorney fees in the mix. It depends on the county, but the process can take as little as 1–2 years from first delinquency in fast-moving counties, or 3–5 years out in the sticks, to lose your property. It’s mostly about how bloodthirsty the local tax attorney feels, and mine is exceptional thirsty. permalink parent award report block reply
YearninNation 2 points 4 days ago How about addressing usury/compound interest, mandatory insurance, DEI and income tax? permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 2 points 4 days ago The government will give you just barely enough to survive because survival is the government objective. This will prevent things like retirement, education, and travel. Plus, it will remove these opportunities for others who are taxed to bankroll your crumbs, until the standard for all of society becomes a race to the bottom. permalink award report block reply
cbonez416 2 points 4 days ago 10000% correct permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 1 points 4 days ago now do big corps and other such institutions? permalink award report block reply
gunzby 1 points 4 days ago If your life is completely dependent upon the government keeping you up, you are essentially livestock. permalink award report block reply
BillPigg 1 points 4 days ago This is what Socialism looks like. permalink award report block reply
Fakehistory2 1 points 4 days ago I'm waiting for that rug pull but it never comes. Everything just slowly gets more expensive instead. The collective rug pull is happening instead. permalink award report block reply
Calumet57 1 points 4 days ago rechecking notes I thought we abolished slavery.  The British led the way and Lincoln followed. Or did we somehow miss something where little has changed at all? permalink award report block reply
friarfox 1 points 4 days ago 'Woof'. Good dog. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 1 points 4 days ago Why always in a car?  I don't understand this weird trend. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 4 days ago Yeah the problem is these people don't care permalink award report block reply
Dwoj 1 points 4 days ago She’s not wrong permalink award report block reply
mikethemarine 1 points 4 days ago she nailed it, but the people that say the government would never do that, are the same ones destroying this country permalink award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply