768 Orban REJECTS the European Union's Leadership:

"The European Union is on the brink with debt, migration, violence and failing policies everywhere." posted 5 days ago by StopCorruptionDC 15 comments award share report block Based Hungary 🇭🇺 @HungaryBased • 6d 🚨BREAKING: 🇭🇺 Hungary REJECTS the European Union's Leadership: "The European Union is on the brink with debt, migration, violence and failing policies everywhere."
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save RusherOfDin 10 points 5 days ago The sooner the EU collapses the better. People need to regain their nationalistic pride and kick out the Invaders before they are completely outnumbered. It's already going to be a bloodbath to turn back the clock a mere 10 years. permalink award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 7 points 5 days ago Leave then. permalink award report block reply zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Hungary is the ghetto welfare queen Shaniqua of the EU... They will never leave because that would mean losing all the gibs they get from the EU. This is just meaningless rhetoric from one the poorest and most parasitic countries in the EU. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 0 points 5 days ago libtard spotted. sure getting fined 1million euros per day by eu for not taking in migrants is a clear indicator that they get "all the gibs" from eu and it's them who are parasitic LOL. permalink parent award report block reply zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Retard spotted. Hungary is a net recipient of EU funds, not a contributor, meaning it receives more money from the EU budget than it pays in. Calculations for 2022-2023 estimated Hungary received between €4.4 billion and €5.6 billion more than it contributed.On a per capita basis, Hungary is consistently among the top net recipients. Nobody cares about worthless, pathetic, welfare queen Hungary. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 1 points 5 days ago Hungary was barely a net recipient even then. every eastern european country is a net recipient, because western europe went industrial long ago, in exchange eastern europe went agriculture. turns out, unless there is scarcity in food (starvation) agriculture is not really worth business-wise so obviously the west became more rich. (plus all the colonization and etc.). so that money is in exchange for that and workforce provided. and yet, soon hungary would become net contributor if it doesn't leave eu from all the bullshit. but funny that you mentioned 2022 estimates when the fines are going from 2024 but i guess being a leftard has its benefits by not having to face reality permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago But France is going to get one more boat full of 'refugees' on shore... that will fix everything!!!! permalink award report block reply Steve56775 3 points 5 days ago As New York is about to find out, communism does not work, anywhere. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 5 days ago fuckin tell 'em Viktor permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 4 points 5 days ago He who deals the EU the first blow leading to its death goes down in history in a painting depicting him smashing the tower of babel. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 2 points 5 days ago So what's the situation, are members of the USSR-- er, sorry, EU, allowed to unilaterally leave, or does everyone have to agree, or what? permalink award report block reply BonginosRac1stCowboy 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply 4cupsonawall 1 points 5 days ago Diversity in our strength is a Muslim phrase. permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 5 days ago I guess Hungary also has a Trump in the top office. Fuck the world we are going to do i our way permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 5 days ago You can tell how far gone a European country is by the number of black/brown players it has in its national football team. permalink award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
RusherOfDin 10 points 5 days ago The sooner the EU collapses the better. People need to regain their nationalistic pride and kick out the Invaders before they are completely outnumbered. It's already going to be a bloodbath to turn back the clock a mere 10 years. permalink award report block reply
Tongs_Ya_Bass 7 points 5 days ago Leave then. permalink award report block reply zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Hungary is the ghetto welfare queen Shaniqua of the EU... They will never leave because that would mean losing all the gibs they get from the EU. This is just meaningless rhetoric from one the poorest and most parasitic countries in the EU. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 0 points 5 days ago libtard spotted. sure getting fined 1million euros per day by eu for not taking in migrants is a clear indicator that they get "all the gibs" from eu and it's them who are parasitic LOL. permalink parent award report block reply zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Retard spotted. Hungary is a net recipient of EU funds, not a contributor, meaning it receives more money from the EU budget than it pays in. Calculations for 2022-2023 estimated Hungary received between €4.4 billion and €5.6 billion more than it contributed.On a per capita basis, Hungary is consistently among the top net recipients. Nobody cares about worthless, pathetic, welfare queen Hungary. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 1 points 5 days ago Hungary was barely a net recipient even then. every eastern european country is a net recipient, because western europe went industrial long ago, in exchange eastern europe went agriculture. turns out, unless there is scarcity in food (starvation) agriculture is not really worth business-wise so obviously the west became more rich. (plus all the colonization and etc.). so that money is in exchange for that and workforce provided. and yet, soon hungary would become net contributor if it doesn't leave eu from all the bullshit. but funny that you mentioned 2022 estimates when the fines are going from 2024 but i guess being a leftard has its benefits by not having to face reality permalink parent award report block reply
zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Hungary is the ghetto welfare queen Shaniqua of the EU... They will never leave because that would mean losing all the gibs they get from the EU. This is just meaningless rhetoric from one the poorest and most parasitic countries in the EU. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 0 points 5 days ago libtard spotted. sure getting fined 1million euros per day by eu for not taking in migrants is a clear indicator that they get "all the gibs" from eu and it's them who are parasitic LOL. permalink parent award report block reply zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Retard spotted. Hungary is a net recipient of EU funds, not a contributor, meaning it receives more money from the EU budget than it pays in. Calculations for 2022-2023 estimated Hungary received between €4.4 billion and €5.6 billion more than it contributed.On a per capita basis, Hungary is consistently among the top net recipients. Nobody cares about worthless, pathetic, welfare queen Hungary. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 1 points 5 days ago Hungary was barely a net recipient even then. every eastern european country is a net recipient, because western europe went industrial long ago, in exchange eastern europe went agriculture. turns out, unless there is scarcity in food (starvation) agriculture is not really worth business-wise so obviously the west became more rich. (plus all the colonization and etc.). so that money is in exchange for that and workforce provided. and yet, soon hungary would become net contributor if it doesn't leave eu from all the bullshit. but funny that you mentioned 2022 estimates when the fines are going from 2024 but i guess being a leftard has its benefits by not having to face reality permalink parent award report block reply
atomisten 0 points 5 days ago libtard spotted. sure getting fined 1million euros per day by eu for not taking in migrants is a clear indicator that they get "all the gibs" from eu and it's them who are parasitic LOL. permalink parent award report block reply zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Retard spotted. Hungary is a net recipient of EU funds, not a contributor, meaning it receives more money from the EU budget than it pays in. Calculations for 2022-2023 estimated Hungary received between €4.4 billion and €5.6 billion more than it contributed.On a per capita basis, Hungary is consistently among the top net recipients. Nobody cares about worthless, pathetic, welfare queen Hungary. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 1 points 5 days ago Hungary was barely a net recipient even then. every eastern european country is a net recipient, because western europe went industrial long ago, in exchange eastern europe went agriculture. turns out, unless there is scarcity in food (starvation) agriculture is not really worth business-wise so obviously the west became more rich. (plus all the colonization and etc.). so that money is in exchange for that and workforce provided. and yet, soon hungary would become net contributor if it doesn't leave eu from all the bullshit. but funny that you mentioned 2022 estimates when the fines are going from 2024 but i guess being a leftard has its benefits by not having to face reality permalink parent award report block reply
zigZag590 0 points 5 days ago Retard spotted. Hungary is a net recipient of EU funds, not a contributor, meaning it receives more money from the EU budget than it pays in. Calculations for 2022-2023 estimated Hungary received between €4.4 billion and €5.6 billion more than it contributed.On a per capita basis, Hungary is consistently among the top net recipients. Nobody cares about worthless, pathetic, welfare queen Hungary. permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 1 points 5 days ago Hungary was barely a net recipient even then. every eastern european country is a net recipient, because western europe went industrial long ago, in exchange eastern europe went agriculture. turns out, unless there is scarcity in food (starvation) agriculture is not really worth business-wise so obviously the west became more rich. (plus all the colonization and etc.). so that money is in exchange for that and workforce provided. and yet, soon hungary would become net contributor if it doesn't leave eu from all the bullshit. but funny that you mentioned 2022 estimates when the fines are going from 2024 but i guess being a leftard has its benefits by not having to face reality permalink parent award report block reply
atomisten 1 points 5 days ago Hungary was barely a net recipient even then. every eastern european country is a net recipient, because western europe went industrial long ago, in exchange eastern europe went agriculture. turns out, unless there is scarcity in food (starvation) agriculture is not really worth business-wise so obviously the west became more rich. (plus all the colonization and etc.). so that money is in exchange for that and workforce provided. and yet, soon hungary would become net contributor if it doesn't leave eu from all the bullshit. but funny that you mentioned 2022 estimates when the fines are going from 2024 but i guess being a leftard has its benefits by not having to face reality permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago But France is going to get one more boat full of 'refugees' on shore... that will fix everything!!!! permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 3 points 5 days ago As New York is about to find out, communism does not work, anywhere. permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 3 points 5 days ago fuckin tell 'em Viktor permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 4 points 5 days ago He who deals the EU the first blow leading to its death goes down in history in a painting depicting him smashing the tower of babel. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 4 points 5 days ago He who deals the EU the first blow leading to its death goes down in history in a painting depicting him smashing the tower of babel. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 2 points 5 days ago So what's the situation, are members of the USSR-- er, sorry, EU, allowed to unilaterally leave, or does everyone have to agree, or what? permalink award report block reply BonginosRac1stCowboy 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
BonginosRac1stCowboy 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
4cupsonawall 1 points 5 days ago Diversity in our strength is a Muslim phrase. permalink award report block reply
mikethemarine 1 points 5 days ago I guess Hungary also has a Trump in the top office. Fuck the world we are going to do i our way permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 5 days ago You can tell how far gone a European country is by the number of black/brown players it has in its national football team. permalink award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply