723 While democrats are mutilating themselves...we're busy TRAINING. COME AND TAKE IT posted 5 days ago by blue5707 76 comments award share report block Desiree @DesireeAmerica4 • 7d She’s flying full speed, dress trailing, gun blazing! I don’t even care what this event is. This is the most American thing I’ve seen all week. 🔥
76 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save DiamondDroid 49 points 5 days ago God Bless America permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 17 points 5 days ago God Bless America and Donald Trump!  Lets hope he can continue to dismantle the democrat party. permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 37 points 5 days ago Wait, some affluent white liberal bitch just told us that we have no culture. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 26 points 5 days ago I love when people say white people have no culture. I always tell them "And a fish may doubt the existence of water." permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 16 points 5 days ago Yeah just because western culture was so dominant it spread all over the world to one degree or another doesn't mean we "have no culture" permalink parent award report block reply Floppybutthole 1 points 5 days ago People need to stop dressing in white peoples clothing.  It's cultural appropriation. Sorry black people no gold chains or Nike.   Gotta be leather sandals and bone jewelry. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 5 days ago You really want to start seeing loin cloths on food stamp recipients? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MastaJoda 7 points 5 days ago Well she's a self hating mud shark. Fuck what she says. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago She’s a ragebaitaholic, along with a few other holics. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 2 points 5 days ago And she said it in the English language. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago You mean the only culture that is exported world wide, especially before one shitskin ever immigrated here? permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago AC, cars, planes, and this little thing called democracy, which is actually shit. But other than those big things, no culture at all, bro. permalink parent award report block reply LegendFang 29 points 5 days ago Cowboy Mounted Shooting https://www.aqha.com/-/give-it-a-shot-part-1 permalink award report block reply Pede45 3 points 5 days ago At first I thought this video was fake and gay ai slop. How could she be riding in a circle shooting into the crowd. Then I read your article and it made sense. "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet." 👍 permalink parent award report block reply mydogma8yourkarma 16 points 5 days ago 👀 permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 21 points 5 days ago This event will be what I use to single out my future wife. 1st date will start off like this, and depending on how she does will decide if we continue on to dinner. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 4 points 5 days ago Can I adopt the participants of this sport? permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 3 points 5 days ago How will you do at it, bro? Or are you just blowing up the balloons? Lol permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 11 points 5 days ago Found my new second career permalink award report block reply Hallelujah_Jesus 11 points 5 days ago Murica! permalink award report block reply FredRedd 9 points 5 days ago Can not think of better music for her soundtrack either. permalink award report block reply GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Would like to find that version of the song. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 8 points 5 days ago TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago That was horrific. I followed the story. It looked like they were going to win. permalink parent award report block reply Dieselslacker 3 points 5 days ago That is so infuriating, idk what to say about it. I wish I had the resources to do something helpful permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 6 points 5 days ago I like it when the men use the lever rifles!! permalink award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I still want a lever action shotgun. I have break action and pump shotguns, but I really, really want a lever action. I know pumps are more reliable, but you can cycle the action in the ready with a lever action. permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 6 points 5 days ago Lever action is so satisfying it stupid. Please if you ever get the chance, get one. They are great for the range and feel so god damn America! Lol permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I have a Henry Big Boy .357. Love that damned thing. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 3 points 5 days ago It's on my list.  But then I'll need the matching revolver... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago The gun whut won the West permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 5 days ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 6 points 5 days ago Highly recommend attending an event like this in person, very entertaining permalink award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 3 points 5 days ago Many rodeos in my neck of the woods feature this. And you can find the competitions all over the US. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotDescendant 5 points 5 days ago My sons and I had our own version of this using paintball rifles. Biggest challenge was conditioning our rides to the semiautomatics being fired right next to their ears--but soon they loved it too. permalink award report block reply Frenchie619 4 points 5 days ago Talent permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 4 points 5 days ago FYI- that's the same arena Trump held a rally. permalink award report block reply ConductProbation 4 points 5 days ago Now, let's import this to Europe. Buncha  Muzzies rioting in the streets, and several hundred armed mounted wenches decend on them. Not quite the Winged Hussars, but 'tis enough, 'twill serve. (Also "upgrade" the ammo.) permalink award report block reply GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Ride of the Valkyries. permalink parent award report block reply HappyFunBall 4 points 5 days ago Do they use real bullets or something less lethal? I assume there's people watching so wouldn't that be dangerous? permalink award report block reply Repentnow 6 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago Many of them load their own rounds. It's usually black powder. permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 4 points 5 days ago Avoid horse girls, as TEMPTING as it may be permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 5 days ago Why?? Horsey girls rule!!! Ok yes They're a little extra permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Yes. Yes we are. But it's the most fun you'll have in your life. Even us old horse ladies are funner than the average out of shape walmart surfer. permalink parent award report block reply Floridacus 1 points 5 days ago Seconded. But damn, do they know how to ride... permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago Hey... I am one. We aren't all that bad. But we are usually strong as an ox because we are haulin' hay and workin' the horses. Sorry you had a bad experience. That doesn't mean all of us are a bad experience. permalink parent award report block reply GnuYow 3 points 5 days ago Practicing for the next "teen takeover" in her town, hopefully. permalink award report block reply Liberats 3 points 5 days ago What, no ear defenders for the horse? permalink award report block reply JediDwag 16 points 5 days ago Almost certainly using cowboy shooting wax loads with just primers. About as loud as a cap gun. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 5 days ago That explains why her firing arcs are all over thr place, including barrel sweep towards the camera person.  So the gas blast is popping the balloons,  not a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply JediDwag 9 points 5 days ago I don't think it's a gas blast from just the primer. The wax pellets disintegrate so it's kinda like snake shot against a balloon. You don't have to be super precise. It's cowboy action shooting. What makes it hard is the cowboy action part. The shooting is also part of it, but it's far from precision, and more about the action and spectacle. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago kek -- all y'all need to find a competition in your state and go watch. I love all this guesstimation... kek https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 4 points 5 days ago Ah. That makes sense. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 6 points 5 days ago I’m pretty sure this horse is trained to be used to it. Try that on a horse that isn’t and you’re gonna have a bad time. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Horses are trained from birth for this. It's not as loud as a regular ammo load. permalink parent award report block reply PearlyGaits57 3 points 5 days ago AWESOME! permalink award report block reply GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Marriage material. permalink award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's even more impressive in person. It's cowboy mounted shooting. There are different iterations. Some are with a pistol, some with a rifle or a rifle then a pistol, and there's even bow and arrow. This is what these gun control nuts don't get. All together, the whole of shooting sports is actually the #1 sport in America. Golf is second. https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 5 days ago I like thinking Red Balloons represent the heads of Muslims permalink award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Freedom boner activated. permalink award report block reply Tom94 1 points 5 days ago I'm starting to think that in the series  1883 where they ride and miss every shot to not be true seeing this 😂 permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 1 points 5 days ago That’s really cool, but what’s the catch here? She isn’t firing an actual revolver with live ammo inside of a stadium full of people. Is it a CO2 BB gun or something? permalink award report block reply PartisanHack 1 points 5 days ago Good to see it was some short range thermite spark from the gun. It would have made spectating this sport a ballsy, dedicated effort if it was real bullets. permalink award report block reply Hedonismbot 1 points 5 days ago Her not ridding sidesaddle is very suggestive. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 5 points 5 days ago Horse chicks amirite? sips coffee permalink parent award report block reply Hedonismbot 2 points 5 days ago Kek, yea they’re great Ps. Thanks for the downdoots! permalink parent award report block reply DudeNoOne 1 points 5 days ago Jesus Christ, and that thing was single action permalink award report block reply DragonEnergy2 1 points 5 days ago Annie Oakley 2.0. The corset would help with the aim, as well as looking great. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 0 points 5 days ago Dinner the horses get ear protection? permalink award report block reply Unboosted -3 points 5 days ago Goodbye culture. permalink award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 2 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
DiamondDroid 49 points 5 days ago God Bless America permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 17 points 5 days ago God Bless America and Donald Trump!  Lets hope he can continue to dismantle the democrat party. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 17 points 5 days ago God Bless America and Donald Trump!  Lets hope he can continue to dismantle the democrat party. permalink parent award report block reply
NamendaBiden 37 points 5 days ago Wait, some affluent white liberal bitch just told us that we have no culture. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 26 points 5 days ago I love when people say white people have no culture. I always tell them "And a fish may doubt the existence of water." permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 16 points 5 days ago Yeah just because western culture was so dominant it spread all over the world to one degree or another doesn't mean we "have no culture" permalink parent award report block reply Floppybutthole 1 points 5 days ago People need to stop dressing in white peoples clothing.  It's cultural appropriation. Sorry black people no gold chains or Nike.   Gotta be leather sandals and bone jewelry. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 5 days ago You really want to start seeing loin cloths on food stamp recipients? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MastaJoda 7 points 5 days ago Well she's a self hating mud shark. Fuck what she says. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago She’s a ragebaitaholic, along with a few other holics. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 2 points 5 days ago And she said it in the English language. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago You mean the only culture that is exported world wide, especially before one shitskin ever immigrated here? permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago AC, cars, planes, and this little thing called democracy, which is actually shit. But other than those big things, no culture at all, bro. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 26 points 5 days ago I love when people say white people have no culture. I always tell them "And a fish may doubt the existence of water." permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 16 points 5 days ago Yeah just because western culture was so dominant it spread all over the world to one degree or another doesn't mean we "have no culture" permalink parent award report block reply Floppybutthole 1 points 5 days ago People need to stop dressing in white peoples clothing.  It's cultural appropriation. Sorry black people no gold chains or Nike.   Gotta be leather sandals and bone jewelry. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 5 days ago You really want to start seeing loin cloths on food stamp recipients? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 16 points 5 days ago Yeah just because western culture was so dominant it spread all over the world to one degree or another doesn't mean we "have no culture" permalink parent award report block reply Floppybutthole 1 points 5 days ago People need to stop dressing in white peoples clothing.  It's cultural appropriation. Sorry black people no gold chains or Nike.   Gotta be leather sandals and bone jewelry. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 5 days ago You really want to start seeing loin cloths on food stamp recipients? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Floppybutthole 1 points 5 days ago People need to stop dressing in white peoples clothing.  It's cultural appropriation. Sorry black people no gold chains or Nike.   Gotta be leather sandals and bone jewelry. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 5 days ago You really want to start seeing loin cloths on food stamp recipients? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MAGABOND 2 points 5 days ago You really want to start seeing loin cloths on food stamp recipients? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MastaJoda 7 points 5 days ago Well she's a self hating mud shark. Fuck what she says. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago She’s a ragebaitaholic, along with a few other holics. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago She’s a ragebaitaholic, along with a few other holics. permalink parent award report block reply
SteveRogers42 2 points 5 days ago And she said it in the English language. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 1 points 5 days ago You mean the only culture that is exported world wide, especially before one shitskin ever immigrated here? permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 1 points 5 days ago AC, cars, planes, and this little thing called democracy, which is actually shit. But other than those big things, no culture at all, bro. permalink parent award report block reply
LegendFang 29 points 5 days ago Cowboy Mounted Shooting https://www.aqha.com/-/give-it-a-shot-part-1 permalink award report block reply Pede45 3 points 5 days ago At first I thought this video was fake and gay ai slop. How could she be riding in a circle shooting into the crowd. Then I read your article and it made sense. "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet." 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
Pede45 3 points 5 days ago At first I thought this video was fake and gay ai slop. How could she be riding in a circle shooting into the crowd. Then I read your article and it made sense. "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet." 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
mydogma8yourkarma 16 points 5 days ago 👀 permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 21 points 5 days ago This event will be what I use to single out my future wife. 1st date will start off like this, and depending on how she does will decide if we continue on to dinner. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 4 points 5 days ago Can I adopt the participants of this sport? permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 3 points 5 days ago How will you do at it, bro? Or are you just blowing up the balloons? Lol permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 21 points 5 days ago This event will be what I use to single out my future wife. 1st date will start off like this, and depending on how she does will decide if we continue on to dinner. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 4 points 5 days ago Can I adopt the participants of this sport? permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 3 points 5 days ago How will you do at it, bro? Or are you just blowing up the balloons? Lol permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 4 points 5 days ago Can I adopt the participants of this sport? permalink parent award report block reply
Litecola2 3 points 5 days ago How will you do at it, bro? Or are you just blowing up the balloons? Lol permalink parent award report block reply
worldowedexplanation 11 points 5 days ago Found my new second career permalink award report block reply
Hallelujah_Jesus 11 points 5 days ago Murica! permalink award report block reply
FredRedd 9 points 5 days ago Can not think of better music for her soundtrack either. permalink award report block reply GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Would like to find that version of the song. permalink parent award report block reply
GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Would like to find that version of the song. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 8 points 5 days ago TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago That was horrific. I followed the story. It looked like they were going to win. permalink parent award report block reply Dieselslacker 3 points 5 days ago That is so infuriating, idk what to say about it. I wish I had the resources to do something helpful permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago That was horrific. I followed the story. It looked like they were going to win. permalink parent award report block reply
Dieselslacker 3 points 5 days ago That is so infuriating, idk what to say about it. I wish I had the resources to do something helpful permalink parent award report block reply
cbonez416 6 points 5 days ago I like it when the men use the lever rifles!! permalink award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I still want a lever action shotgun. I have break action and pump shotguns, but I really, really want a lever action. I know pumps are more reliable, but you can cycle the action in the ready with a lever action. permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 6 points 5 days ago Lever action is so satisfying it stupid. Please if you ever get the chance, get one. They are great for the range and feel so god damn America! Lol permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I have a Henry Big Boy .357. Love that damned thing. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 3 points 5 days ago It's on my list.  But then I'll need the matching revolver... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago The gun whut won the West permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 5 days ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I still want a lever action shotgun. I have break action and pump shotguns, but I really, really want a lever action. I know pumps are more reliable, but you can cycle the action in the ready with a lever action. permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 6 points 5 days ago Lever action is so satisfying it stupid. Please if you ever get the chance, get one. They are great for the range and feel so god damn America! Lol permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I have a Henry Big Boy .357. Love that damned thing. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 3 points 5 days ago It's on my list.  But then I'll need the matching revolver... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago The gun whut won the West permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 5 days ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
cbonez416 6 points 5 days ago Lever action is so satisfying it stupid. Please if you ever get the chance, get one. They are great for the range and feel so god damn America! Lol permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I have a Henry Big Boy .357. Love that damned thing. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 3 points 5 days ago It's on my list.  But then I'll need the matching revolver... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago The gun whut won the West permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 5 days ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago I have a Henry Big Boy .357. Love that damned thing. permalink parent award report block reply Meathe 3 points 5 days ago It's on my list.  But then I'll need the matching revolver... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Meathe 3 points 5 days ago It's on my list.  But then I'll need the matching revolver... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago The gun whut won the West permalink parent award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 5 days ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
cbonez416 1 points 5 days ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
Ligersrule1 6 points 5 days ago Highly recommend attending an event like this in person, very entertaining permalink award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 3 points 5 days ago Many rodeos in my neck of the woods feature this. And you can find the competitions all over the US. permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 3 points 5 days ago Many rodeos in my neck of the woods feature this. And you can find the competitions all over the US. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotDescendant 5 points 5 days ago My sons and I had our own version of this using paintball rifles. Biggest challenge was conditioning our rides to the semiautomatics being fired right next to their ears--but soon they loved it too. permalink award report block reply
Frenchie619 4 points 5 days ago Talent permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 4 points 5 days ago FYI- that's the same arena Trump held a rally. permalink award report block reply
ConductProbation 4 points 5 days ago Now, let's import this to Europe. Buncha  Muzzies rioting in the streets, and several hundred armed mounted wenches decend on them. Not quite the Winged Hussars, but 'tis enough, 'twill serve. (Also "upgrade" the ammo.) permalink award report block reply GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Ride of the Valkyries. permalink parent award report block reply
GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Ride of the Valkyries. permalink parent award report block reply
HappyFunBall 4 points 5 days ago Do they use real bullets or something less lethal? I assume there's people watching so wouldn't that be dangerous? permalink award report block reply Repentnow 6 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago Many of them load their own rounds. It's usually black powder. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 6 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago Many of them load their own rounds. It's usually black powder. permalink parent award report block reply
Eatinglue 4 points 5 days ago Avoid horse girls, as TEMPTING as it may be permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 5 days ago Why?? Horsey girls rule!!! Ok yes They're a little extra permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Yes. Yes we are. But it's the most fun you'll have in your life. Even us old horse ladies are funner than the average out of shape walmart surfer. permalink parent award report block reply Floridacus 1 points 5 days ago Seconded. But damn, do they know how to ride... permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago Hey... I am one. We aren't all that bad. But we are usually strong as an ox because we are haulin' hay and workin' the horses. Sorry you had a bad experience. That doesn't mean all of us are a bad experience. permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 5 days ago Why?? Horsey girls rule!!! Ok yes They're a little extra permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Yes. Yes we are. But it's the most fun you'll have in your life. Even us old horse ladies are funner than the average out of shape walmart surfer. permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Yes. Yes we are. But it's the most fun you'll have in your life. Even us old horse ladies are funner than the average out of shape walmart surfer. permalink parent award report block reply
Floridacus 1 points 5 days ago Seconded. But damn, do they know how to ride... permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago Hey... I am one. We aren't all that bad. But we are usually strong as an ox because we are haulin' hay and workin' the horses. Sorry you had a bad experience. That doesn't mean all of us are a bad experience. permalink parent award report block reply
GnuYow 3 points 5 days ago Practicing for the next "teen takeover" in her town, hopefully. permalink award report block reply
Liberats 3 points 5 days ago What, no ear defenders for the horse? permalink award report block reply JediDwag 16 points 5 days ago Almost certainly using cowboy shooting wax loads with just primers. About as loud as a cap gun. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 5 days ago That explains why her firing arcs are all over thr place, including barrel sweep towards the camera person.  So the gas blast is popping the balloons,  not a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply JediDwag 9 points 5 days ago I don't think it's a gas blast from just the primer. The wax pellets disintegrate so it's kinda like snake shot against a balloon. You don't have to be super precise. It's cowboy action shooting. What makes it hard is the cowboy action part. The shooting is also part of it, but it's far from precision, and more about the action and spectacle. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago kek -- all y'all need to find a competition in your state and go watch. I love all this guesstimation... kek https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 4 points 5 days ago Ah. That makes sense. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 6 points 5 days ago I’m pretty sure this horse is trained to be used to it. Try that on a horse that isn’t and you’re gonna have a bad time. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Horses are trained from birth for this. It's not as loud as a regular ammo load. permalink parent award report block reply
JediDwag 16 points 5 days ago Almost certainly using cowboy shooting wax loads with just primers. About as loud as a cap gun. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 5 days ago That explains why her firing arcs are all over thr place, including barrel sweep towards the camera person.  So the gas blast is popping the balloons,  not a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply JediDwag 9 points 5 days ago I don't think it's a gas blast from just the primer. The wax pellets disintegrate so it's kinda like snake shot against a balloon. You don't have to be super precise. It's cowboy action shooting. What makes it hard is the cowboy action part. The shooting is also part of it, but it's far from precision, and more about the action and spectacle. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago kek -- all y'all need to find a competition in your state and go watch. I love all this guesstimation... kek https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 4 points 5 days ago Ah. That makes sense. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 5 points 5 days ago That explains why her firing arcs are all over thr place, including barrel sweep towards the camera person.  So the gas blast is popping the balloons,  not a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply JediDwag 9 points 5 days ago I don't think it's a gas blast from just the primer. The wax pellets disintegrate so it's kinda like snake shot against a balloon. You don't have to be super precise. It's cowboy action shooting. What makes it hard is the cowboy action part. The shooting is also part of it, but it's far from precision, and more about the action and spectacle. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago kek -- all y'all need to find a competition in your state and go watch. I love all this guesstimation... kek https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply
JediDwag 9 points 5 days ago I don't think it's a gas blast from just the primer. The wax pellets disintegrate so it's kinda like snake shot against a balloon. You don't have to be super precise. It's cowboy action shooting. What makes it hard is the cowboy action part. The shooting is also part of it, but it's far from precision, and more about the action and spectacle. permalink parent award report block reply boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago kek -- all y'all need to find a competition in your state and go watch. I love all this guesstimation... kek https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago kek -- all y'all need to find a competition in your state and go watch. I love all this guesstimation... kek https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's a projectile. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 4 points 5 days ago Ah. That makes sense. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 2 points 5 days ago "A rider uses two .45-caliber, single-action revolvers, each carrying five rounds of black-powder blanks that have an effective range of 10-15 feet" permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 6 points 5 days ago I’m pretty sure this horse is trained to be used to it. Try that on a horse that isn’t and you’re gonna have a bad time. permalink parent award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 2 points 5 days ago Horses are trained from birth for this. It's not as loud as a regular ammo load. permalink parent award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 3 points 5 days ago AWESOME! permalink award report block reply
GoFukYurselfCommies 1 points 5 days ago Marriage material. permalink award report block reply
boomerbutnotOKBoomer 1 points 5 days ago It's even more impressive in person. It's cowboy mounted shooting. There are different iterations. Some are with a pistol, some with a rifle or a rifle then a pistol, and there's even bow and arrow. This is what these gun control nuts don't get. All together, the whole of shooting sports is actually the #1 sport in America. Golf is second. https://www.aqha.com/disciplines/showing/shows/cms-world permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 5 days ago I like thinking Red Balloons represent the heads of Muslims permalink award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Freedom boner activated. permalink award report block reply
Tom94 1 points 5 days ago I'm starting to think that in the series  1883 where they ride and miss every shot to not be true seeing this 😂 permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 1 points 5 days ago That’s really cool, but what’s the catch here? She isn’t firing an actual revolver with live ammo inside of a stadium full of people. Is it a CO2 BB gun or something? permalink award report block reply
PartisanHack 1 points 5 days ago Good to see it was some short range thermite spark from the gun. It would have made spectating this sport a ballsy, dedicated effort if it was real bullets. permalink award report block reply
Hedonismbot 1 points 5 days ago Her not ridding sidesaddle is very suggestive. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 5 points 5 days ago Horse chicks amirite? sips coffee permalink parent award report block reply Hedonismbot 2 points 5 days ago Kek, yea they’re great Ps. Thanks for the downdoots! permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 5 points 5 days ago Horse chicks amirite? sips coffee permalink parent award report block reply Hedonismbot 2 points 5 days ago Kek, yea they’re great Ps. Thanks for the downdoots! permalink parent award report block reply
Hedonismbot 2 points 5 days ago Kek, yea they’re great Ps. Thanks for the downdoots! permalink parent award report block reply
DudeNoOne 1 points 5 days ago Jesus Christ, and that thing was single action permalink award report block reply
DragonEnergy2 1 points 5 days ago Annie Oakley 2.0. The corset would help with the aim, as well as looking great. permalink award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 0 points 5 days ago Dinner the horses get ear protection? permalink award report block reply
Unboosted -3 points 5 days ago Goodbye culture. permalink award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 2 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply