590 The GOAT! posted 5 days ago by wst4 6 comments award share download report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web One Piece Kills All Parasites in Your Body! Paratoxil Aggrieved03 3 points 5 days ago Best money we ever spent if they're truly doing nothing. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 1 points 5 days ago I'd rather pay Congressmen to do nothing, than to do something, honestly. permalink award report block reply Lamal 1 points 5 days ago People agreeing with this need to know the meaning of these words about how congress works: FILIBUSTER, CLOTURE, RECONCILIATION, NUCLEAR OPTION and you need to be able to explain the 60 vote threshold. Otherwise you are just being agitated by an agitator. permalink award report block reply stayfckingcalm -1 points 5 days ago You think none of our tax dollars go to Trump or for him to perform his duties? permalink award report block reply RINOssuck 5 points 5 days ago He doesn't take a salary.  Nobody's saying that the entire executive branch doesn't cost anything, dipshit. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 5 days ago He donates it quarterly to various charities veterans etc. I feel paying congress to do nothing would be fine, like protection money to the Mob. permalink parent award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 3 points 5 days ago Best money we ever spent if they're truly doing nothing. permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 1 points 5 days ago I'd rather pay Congressmen to do nothing, than to do something, honestly. permalink award report block reply
Lamal 1 points 5 days ago People agreeing with this need to know the meaning of these words about how congress works: FILIBUSTER, CLOTURE, RECONCILIATION, NUCLEAR OPTION and you need to be able to explain the 60 vote threshold. Otherwise you are just being agitated by an agitator. permalink award report block reply
stayfckingcalm -1 points 5 days ago You think none of our tax dollars go to Trump or for him to perform his duties? permalink award report block reply RINOssuck 5 points 5 days ago He doesn't take a salary.  Nobody's saying that the entire executive branch doesn't cost anything, dipshit. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 5 days ago He donates it quarterly to various charities veterans etc. I feel paying congress to do nothing would be fine, like protection money to the Mob. permalink parent award report block reply
RINOssuck 5 points 5 days ago He doesn't take a salary.  Nobody's saying that the entire executive branch doesn't cost anything, dipshit. permalink parent award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 5 days ago He donates it quarterly to various charities veterans etc. I feel paying congress to do nothing would be fine, like protection money to the Mob. permalink parent award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply