945 He's the best 🧡😅 GEOTUS posted 8 hours ago by SALTYinSeattle 156 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 8h 🚨 JUST IN: President Trump shows ONCE AGAIN he is the funniest president after video was released of him giving Syria's president TRUMP COLOGNE... "The other one is for your wife. How many wives? One? With YOU guys, you never know!" Omg, how can't you love him🤣😭
156 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save What Made Him Walk Away? The Shocking Truth Is Out Read More Ads by Ad.Style Wexit-Delecto 111 points 8 hours ago WTF I love Islamic terrorists now. permalink award report block reply RonPaulWasRight 98 points 7 hours ago And H1Bs, because we're too fucking stupid to make missiles, apparently. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 44 points 7 hours ago Lol fuck permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 35 points 7 hours ago God, I just love being degraded and told I’m a dumbass in my own home. Reminds me of my childhood. permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 9 points 6 hours ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Mikespenis123 7 points 5 hours ago And a 50 year loan at 5% permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... FaustyArchaeus 1 points 2 hours ago This week has been a clusterfuck of bad ideas permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 hours ago MTV politics... permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 29 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 8 points 6 hours ago But it's so hard for us poor dumb country folk. They use numbers and everything./s permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight -5 points 5 hours ago Go to college and get a degree you stupid fucking redneck. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 3-10 2 points 4 hours ago Or ships… permalink parent award report block reply Pede45 8 points 7 hours ago I'm pretty sure it was bat trees. permalink parent award report block reply cosmos411 5 points 7 hours ago or work at 7-11s, hotel check-in desks, gas stations etc. You know, the really mentally challenging jobs that require Doctors and Engineers from shithole countries. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 4 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line Edit: Apologies for the duplicate comment -- I do not know why that occurred permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 13 points 7 hours ago What we really need is 50 year mortgages to complete enslavement to banks. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 7 hours ago I can’t wait until I can (maybe) sign a 50 year mortgage by the time I’m 60. Will be such a proud day for mom and dad to see me succeed, I’ll probably dig up their corpses so they can watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... possibletower -2 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... MickHigan2 31 points 7 hours ago They never attack the one nation you'd think they'd want to. Curious how that works. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 6 points 7 hours ago Why would they attack the nation they work for permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -8 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 3 points 5 hours ago Stop wasting your life being retarded on the internet. permalink parent award report block reply peterthegreen 10 points 7 hours ago Updoot or heads will roll, infidel! permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 9 points 6 hours ago Knock knock Who's there? Stupid Americans Stupid Americans who? Stupid Americans who voted for you. Ah yes, welcome this terrorist morons. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 3 points 3 hours ago I realize you are making a reddit joke, but this is unironically how many idiot maga react to stuff like this ans trump sellung out on the filibuster etc. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 3 hours ago Yep, saw it happening all morning. Pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments... Iremembermypassword 63 points 7 hours ago Hahaha. We should invite millions of them into the country! permalink award report block reply FKH2 21 points 7 hours ago We already have permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 11 points 5 hours ago Millions more then. Let's sign over Minnesota to the caliphate permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 5 hours ago Hey now, Minnesota is rightful .....Somali.... clay! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 7 hours ago CIA didn’t flip Syria upside down for us to not take their oil.  I just hope that doesn’t bring millions of Syrians here. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 6 hours ago All that could travel left their families behind and went to Europe permalink parent award report block reply Bazhosh 2 points 4 hours ago Right, all the Syrians are already in Germany. https://en.zamanalwsl.net/news/article/69541/ permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 55 points 7 hours ago Just a few years ago the "President" of Syria was among the most wanted Al Qaeda terrorists on Earth.  Now the United States celebrates him.  What a huge FUCK YOU to all our military, to all the families that lost loved ones.  They fought in wars for other countries and now the people they fought are celebrated in White House.  Despicable. permalink award report block reply Refugee1000 25 points 7 hours ago I was in the military, and under no illusion what i was doing. It was accept x risk for y college money and career benefits. If you actually believed you were freedom fighting in ragheadistan you're a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 7 points 6 hours ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply N14205ST205 3 points 4 hours ago A lot of people struggle to come to terms with the reason they're "supposed" to do something and how it contrasts with their actual motivation. It takes a lot of guts to be so frank and honest like that. Thank you for breaking that cycle and just telling the truth. That requires courage a lot of people just don't have and shows how strong your character is. I hope you're doing OK now. Always live authentically. permalink parent award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 1 hour ago Thank you as someone who wanted to go to the military but ended not be able too, I too saw this afterwards and was getting angry at the idea that I should be supporting the Military blindly as if this was Sparta.. I have respect for all who serve, but i have nothing to thank them for. What did you do I think? you went to a nation that had nothing to do with our current enemies and then you help support a war and kill those who really just wanted to be left alone.
And now that same government in which our men fought for allowed the same enemies to move on in right next door. The amount of muslims here is so damn disgusting I want all members of congress and senate to hang for this crime. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 4 points 6 hours ago This. Very much this. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 5 hours ago https://oilprice.com/Energy/Natural-Gas/Qatar-to-Supply-Natural-Gas-to-Syria-via-Arab-Pipeline.html permalink parent award report block reply Inficant -2 points 6 hours ago The idea that we can't talk to people and can only run around throwing punches is sophomoric. permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 8 points 6 hours ago Did I mention going to war with this guy?  Did the war that dethroned the previous leader only to install this anti Christian faggot come across as sophomoric? permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -5 points 7 hours ago All Trump cares about is America first. If it benefits us to meet this dude, he will meet. Tensions are finally at a low point in the Middle East, so he’s obviously doing something right permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 25 points 7 hours ago That is a very lazy assessment.  Now do the 600,000 Chinese students and accelerated H1b program. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 14 points 7 hours ago 600,000 Chinese spies permalink parent award report block reply morememesplz 1 points 2 hours ago International Chinese students are mostly filthy rich kids. On average they will spend $100k/year on tuition, food, boarding, shopping, cars, clothes. Do the math. Trump won't say no to $60Billion pumped into the US economy. Note: I'm not in favor of bringing them in, but I have a feeling MAGA is not doing the math to understand why Trump did this. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -3 points 7 hours ago The 600k China students is bs, I don’t want those commie fucks in our colleges or our country. I know it was some olive branch to try and get a good trade deal against China and hopefully won’t be implemented. Or if I know trump, it comes with huge price tags and does not make it worth it for Chinese. The h1b limit are greatly reduced under trump and now cost $100k, so that’s a W. Why would I freak out about 25k legal work visas when we have 20 million + illegals that we need to track down. That’s a drop in the bucket permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 8 points 7 hours ago Do you understand how math works? Its a single one time $100,000 fee If I hire an Indian H1B1 for $86,000 over an American for $120,000 That fee pays for itself in 3 years. What incentive do I have to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 3 points 6 hours ago …jeez, talk about no gag reflex… permalink parent award report block reply AccipiterQ 2 points 4 hours ago Down to the fuckin base man. permalink parent award report block reply Ocineaa 0 points 6 hours ago Cuck permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPlay3dYouLoL 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Pats5x 32 points 7 hours ago He's so fucking tone deaf now permalink award report block reply DrWeeGee 17 points 6 hours ago What, you don't like your 15 year car loans, 50 year mortgages and 600K CCP students? permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 6 hours ago In '17 I bought an RV (motorcycle) 7 year loan 7%. Then '23 a car 7 year loan 7%. I was shocked then cars reached RV levels of retarded. permalink parent award report block reply Pats5x 0 points 3 hours ago I give 50 year mortgages my complete and total endorsement.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 31 points 7 hours ago Shit. McCain and Graham used to have to travel to Syria for photo ops with head-choppers. Now, we just bring them to the White House. permalink award report block reply UsernameChexOut 12 points 7 hours ago In Zionist America, head chopper photo op come to YOOOOOOU! permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago This is an israel puppet. permalink parent award report block reply FuckCommies 26 points 7 hours ago That's cute. Still waiting on the issues he campaigned on. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 6 hours ago Best I can do is increase H1B fees permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 5 points 3 hours ago I mean he said that but now he is saying we need more indians because americans are too stupid. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t have enough talent to understand this post. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 1 hour ago let's import someone who can "understand" it for you ! divershitty is our strength!!!1 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPlay3dYouLoL 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 24 points 7 hours ago That is not Bashar al-Assad, the last real president of Syria. This man -- Ahmed al-Sharaa -- is an imposter governing over the carcass that was once Syria. He is to Syria what Zelenskyy is to Ukraine: a puppet of foreign interests, installed to inflict damage upon the native population. permalink award report block reply FKH2 12 points 7 hours ago He was put into power to genocide the Christians of the Levant so Israel could expand in what is known as The Greater Israel Project permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 7 hours ago This man -- Ahmed al-Sharaa -- is an imposter governing over the carcass that was once Syria. The US government spent the last 25 years trying to get rid of Assad. Syria was literally one of the countries that George W Bush and Dick Cheney wanted to invade, but never got around to because Iraq became such a clusterfuck. Of course they are happy now that he's gone. And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 4 points 5 hours ago And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. Yeah, against the .... US.... right. We all know what the real rules are. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 6 hours ago No body realpolitiks around here. Hell they'd probably avoid knowing it's meaning just because Kissinger was a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 7 hours ago Wait, so it’s not just white countries?! permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 7 hours ago Funny how Arab countries are the last ones to ever take in their own as refugees. Almost like they know. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 6 hours ago Turkey took many Syrian refugees in. The issue is that a lot don't want to stop in a Muslim country when there are dumb Western countries willing to give them free money. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 10 points 6 hours ago Maybe guys it is better for us to be promoting peace than complaining about past affiliations. Ya, it sucks, but the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were wars we didn't need to be in. Fun fact, the Taliban were actually going to hand over Bin Laden in 2001, and they told Bush that they would have him in US custody within 24hrs. The US said they'd give them 24hrs... and then the Taliban were getting ready to bring Bin Laden in... once Bush Jr. saw that, they realized they weren't going to get their war, so they bombed Afghanistan early, before the 24hrs was up, kickstarting the war. The Taliban then said, "Well nevermind, screw you guys, war it is." Never forget, the Taliban were literally our ALLIES in the 80s against Russia's occupation of Afghanistan. Al Qaeda was a completely separate faction that regularly clashed with the Taliban. Not justifying the Taliban in any way, but I am pointing out how in 2001, we had off-ramps to NOT going to war there. The Taliban wanted to cooperate with the US, but Bush and the neocons REALLY wanted their war, which they got. Taliban cooperation went against the narrative. This guy wants peace in Syria. Let them have it. Ya, it sucks. Ya, they prosecute Christians. BUT IT'S NOT OUR WAR. We want peace, and we are getting peace. One of the things that is helping us get peace in the Middle-East is by letting them go and govern their own countries. Ya, Iran is a bad actor because they want to destroy the world, same with Palestinians, but Hamas only exists because of Iran. The rest of the Middle-East knows this. The rest of the Middle-East wants to live in peace with the world. Let's let them. North Korea's dictator is a terrible evil dude, way more so than this dude ever could dream of being,  so is it smarter to just keep isolating North Korea, or was Trump justified in trying to broker negotiations and peace with North Korea instead of just banging your chest like neocons are about how war is great? Let peace be peace. Let Syria do it's own thing. Let's try to bring North Korea into the normalized world instead of just being an agent of China. This isn't a bad thing. permalink award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 5 points 6 hours ago You make a fair point. permalink parent award report block reply AccipiterQ 1 points 4 hours ago This guy wants peace in Syria. Let them have it. Ya, it sucks. Ya, they prosecute Christians. BUT IT'S NOT OUR WAR. We want peace, and we are getting peace. He doesn't want peace, he wants to wipe out Christians.  "It's not our war". Any war against Christians is our war. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 hours ago Wants peace in syria. He is a terrorist unsurgent working for Israel. They mass murdered a shit ton of people to get him into power. Aka the peace ship has sailed. You cant claim peace after you killed all opposition. permalink parent award report block reply Throwingway22 9 points 7 hours ago "you'll need this with all the curried, street shitters you're bringing in who you just declared as better than Americans." permalink award report block reply FKH2 8 points 7 hours ago This is a humiliation ritual permalink award report block reply Ocineaa 6 points 6 hours ago What happened to Trump.  Having a literal terrorist in the White House and jokes about it permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago This terrorist works for Israel. permalink parent award report block reply CanadianMeathead 6 points 7 hours ago I don't love him permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 8 hours ago Bro even dressed like Trump for the meeting permalink award report block reply The_Bo0ch 6 points 6 hours ago Fucking ridiculous.. An actual terrorist in the white house.. permalink award report block reply TheGeneral 4 points 5 hours ago What did my brother die for? permalink award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply M-m-m-my-corona 4 points 7 hours ago I voted for this guy like 5 times.  I wish I could take them all back. permalink award report block reply 62jawbill 4 points 6 hours ago Gifting terrorists who murder Christians? How does this help Americans? permalink award report block reply jimboonie 4 points 6 hours ago 50 year mortgages. permalink award report block reply SALTYinSeattle OP 3 points 8 hours ago https://x.com/EricLDaugh/status/1988625373874012469 permalink award report block reply IsrorOrca 3 points 7 hours ago BAH! Just spraying him with cologne! permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 3 points 6 hours ago How many H1B's did he have to hire to make his cologne for him? permalink award report block reply Tyscribz 3 points 7 hours ago I think I need to buy some Trump Cologne permalink award report block reply SonOfThunder 2 points 6 hours ago These paid shills are disgusting permalink award report block reply Rabid2A-Anti-Commie 2 points 4 hours ago revoke the patriot act. If the president can hang with a terrorist, then I should be able to take my family to the airplane gate at an airport. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland 2 points 7 hours ago Is this like Bibi’s beeper gift or something? I don’t get it? permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Bibi installed this guy so no. permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 2 points 5 hours ago Ya know, after telling us we’re all too dumb to work in factories in our own country I’m just not finding the humor in this. permalink award report block reply ActNow 2 points 7 hours ago He didn't just say that, did he? Lol. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago He knows its all a put on.
Hes talking to an itelligence dude installes by israel. permalink parent award report block reply Eddie_LeBec 2 points 6 hours ago Great how many 100,000s of Syrian truck drivers are going to get H1bvisas permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 2 points 5 hours ago That guy killed and maimed U.S. personnel. But when MIGA  is your agenda, they want the GI to proceed, and they need a flight lane to Iran. The hell with the Christians in Syria. permalink award report block reply Morokei 2 points 7 hours ago Invite the Kurds instead permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 2 points 5 hours ago To think, just two years ago that guy was posing holding the severed heads of civilians permalink award report block reply BitterRoots 2 points 5 hours ago Wish this was AI. Disappointing doesn't begin to cover it. What happened to ballbuster Trump? permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 4 hours ago Dementia. I know folks don't want to hear it - but listen to him during most interviews and he sounds a lot less lucid then he did at the end of 2024 permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago Its not dementia.
Thats cope.
We were fooled. He is Israel first. Our job to be vocal that we dont like this shit in the streets. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 2 hours ago End result is the same...situation needs to be rectified regardless. permalink parent award report block reply 46DindoNuffin 2 points 7 hours ago Salty, did you  know that Trump just got the Boeing Salesman of the Year award?  He arranged for the sale of 1000 Jumbos. permalink award report block reply SALTYinSeattle OP 1 points 6 hours ago Ha! I didn't know that! That's pretty cool. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply nod32 1 points 1 hour ago hes a horrible person, but at least he wore a suit! permalink award report block reply Beelzy 1 points 7 hours ago It's diplomacy at 5D chess level folks. He's being civil, so we can easily send back the muslims when the time comes. Maybe freight collect to boot. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Trump already has 2 indians lined up for every muslim we send home. Israel hust realized India worships them like turds so they will happily switch from muslims to hindus for replacement. permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv 1 points 6 hours ago “Israel told me to come here because you all need a central bank.” permalink award report block reply notsuicidalatall 1 points 7 hours ago Optics. permalink award report block reply Deporter 1 points 2 hours ago But, I thought Trump was controlled by Jews??? They seem pretty upset at him over this. Maybe nobody controls him and people should stop doubting him. He deserves the benefit of the doubt. permalink award report block reply schism 1 points 3 hours ago KEK he sprayed them - deodorant is about 50/50 in Syria, so I wonder if they stank. permalink award report block reply alizarinslytherin 1 points 6 hours ago Trump drops the best hints! you stink like goat rectum To be fair- cologne is a very elegant gift. Nobody does it like GEOTUS permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Id be alot more jolly if it didnt remind me he sold us out to israel and now we get endless h1bs, might give up the filibuster, and this dude hes palling around with is an israel installed puppet. Fuck this gay govt. permalink award report block reply AccipiterQ 1 points 4 hours ago LE HECKIN TERRORISTORINO IS LE BASED!!! permalink award report block reply Harvestsmiles 1 points 6 hours ago Looked like Trump sprayed Jimmie Kimmel (with the purple tie) right in the eye permalink award report block reply BillboDickens 1 points 1 hour ago Stick a fork in it, the movement is dead. permalink award report block reply Mintap 1 points 2 hours ago Keep your friends close and enemies closer. permalink award report block reply progressives4Trump 1 points 3 hours ago I looked online and I can't find the cologne permalink award report block reply nemonster 1 points 23 minutes ago One wife and a whole cheptel of goats permalink award report block reply Magatedward 0 points 7 hours ago Y'all quit complaining and focus on the main goal. Stabilize the region and send all the "refugees" back from western civilization. If this is accomplished, I don't give a fuck how frankly. If this guy can control the country, and take back millions of people I'm all for him. permalink award report block reply josiborg 7 points 7 hours ago If this is the actual strategy then I might be able to wrap my head around it. But it won't get me a job I'm overqualified for to raise my kids with appropriate systems in place for them to be safe and succeed. I'm at the Rubicon right now with one foot on both sides until further notice. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 1 points 7 hours ago Germany (surprisingly) said they want to do it the other day.  They want to repatriate Syrians.  If Germany, of all places, is signalling this then other liberal western countries can too. Even the MSM is reporting on it. https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Dude Germany has elections in Jan I believe and the ruling parties are doing what theyve done ever since the populist AfD started gaining steam, signal deportation to syphon voters away and after the eldction keep bringing in the planes... AfD will become the biggest party this election after a close 2nd last year. Unfortunatelythere are about 10 parties and they are working against the AfD. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 7 hours ago Even if that whole region is stabilized, the invaders would not return to their home countries, en masse, except for vacations. The welfare of the USA, as well as Western Europe, is too generous. permalink parent award report block reply Logan051361 1 points 7 hours ago Itss like these people are MTG  WTF permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 7 hours ago This is a development, who's on record for sending back the invaders from this particular mess? permalink parent award report block reply Magatedward 0 points 6 hours ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl This is the only way you get get Euro fags to reverse course. Give them a positive out where the middle east is now better, and safe to send people back. Trump is also win win oriented. Euros save face, we get investments from them (NATO) and the mid east, and western civilization may just survive. Mid east gets positives from not being a warzone constantly. Wins all around. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 hours ago That's very optimistic, let's see how it plays out. permalink parent award report block reply MyNameIsTaxpayer -1 points 6 hours ago He department store perfume lady skunked him - funny as hell until it happens to you. permalink award report block reply KOMMISSARofMAGA -2 points 7 hours ago Holy shit. So dam funny. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 111 points 8 hours ago WTF I love Islamic terrorists now. permalink award report block reply RonPaulWasRight 98 points 7 hours ago And H1Bs, because we're too fucking stupid to make missiles, apparently. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 44 points 7 hours ago Lol fuck permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 35 points 7 hours ago God, I just love being degraded and told I’m a dumbass in my own home. Reminds me of my childhood. permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 9 points 6 hours ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Mikespenis123 7 points 5 hours ago And a 50 year loan at 5% permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... FaustyArchaeus 1 points 2 hours ago This week has been a clusterfuck of bad ideas permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 hours ago MTV politics... permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 29 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 8 points 6 hours ago But it's so hard for us poor dumb country folk. They use numbers and everything./s permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight -5 points 5 hours ago Go to college and get a degree you stupid fucking redneck. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 3-10 2 points 4 hours ago Or ships… permalink parent award report block reply Pede45 8 points 7 hours ago I'm pretty sure it was bat trees. permalink parent award report block reply cosmos411 5 points 7 hours ago or work at 7-11s, hotel check-in desks, gas stations etc. You know, the really mentally challenging jobs that require Doctors and Engineers from shithole countries. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 4 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line Edit: Apologies for the duplicate comment -- I do not know why that occurred permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 13 points 7 hours ago What we really need is 50 year mortgages to complete enslavement to banks. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 7 hours ago I can’t wait until I can (maybe) sign a 50 year mortgage by the time I’m 60. Will be such a proud day for mom and dad to see me succeed, I’ll probably dig up their corpses so they can watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... possibletower -2 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... MickHigan2 31 points 7 hours ago They never attack the one nation you'd think they'd want to. Curious how that works. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 6 points 7 hours ago Why would they attack the nation they work for permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -8 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 3 points 5 hours ago Stop wasting your life being retarded on the internet. permalink parent award report block reply peterthegreen 10 points 7 hours ago Updoot or heads will roll, infidel! permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 9 points 6 hours ago Knock knock Who's there? Stupid Americans Stupid Americans who? Stupid Americans who voted for you. Ah yes, welcome this terrorist morons. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 3 points 3 hours ago I realize you are making a reddit joke, but this is unironically how many idiot maga react to stuff like this ans trump sellung out on the filibuster etc. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 3 hours ago Yep, saw it happening all morning. Pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments...
RonPaulWasRight 98 points 7 hours ago And H1Bs, because we're too fucking stupid to make missiles, apparently. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 44 points 7 hours ago Lol fuck permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 35 points 7 hours ago God, I just love being degraded and told I’m a dumbass in my own home. Reminds me of my childhood. permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 9 points 6 hours ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Mikespenis123 7 points 5 hours ago And a 50 year loan at 5% permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... FaustyArchaeus 1 points 2 hours ago This week has been a clusterfuck of bad ideas permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 hours ago MTV politics... permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 29 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 8 points 6 hours ago But it's so hard for us poor dumb country folk. They use numbers and everything./s permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight -5 points 5 hours ago Go to college and get a degree you stupid fucking redneck. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 3-10 2 points 4 hours ago Or ships… permalink parent award report block reply Pede45 8 points 7 hours ago I'm pretty sure it was bat trees. permalink parent award report block reply cosmos411 5 points 7 hours ago or work at 7-11s, hotel check-in desks, gas stations etc. You know, the really mentally challenging jobs that require Doctors and Engineers from shithole countries. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 4 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line Edit: Apologies for the duplicate comment -- I do not know why that occurred permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 13 points 7 hours ago What we really need is 50 year mortgages to complete enslavement to banks. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 7 hours ago I can’t wait until I can (maybe) sign a 50 year mortgage by the time I’m 60. Will be such a proud day for mom and dad to see me succeed, I’ll probably dig up their corpses so they can watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... possibletower -2 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 44 points 7 hours ago Lol fuck permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 35 points 7 hours ago God, I just love being degraded and told I’m a dumbass in my own home. Reminds me of my childhood. permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 9 points 6 hours ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Mikespenis123 7 points 5 hours ago And a 50 year loan at 5% permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... FaustyArchaeus 1 points 2 hours ago This week has been a clusterfuck of bad ideas permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 hours ago MTV politics... permalink parent award report block reply
HiimHillaryClinton 35 points 7 hours ago God, I just love being degraded and told I’m a dumbass in my own home. Reminds me of my childhood. permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 9 points 6 hours ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Mikespenis123 7 points 5 hours ago And a 50 year loan at 5% permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... FaustyArchaeus 1 points 2 hours ago This week has been a clusterfuck of bad ideas permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 hours ago MTV politics... permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 9 points 6 hours ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply
Mikespenis123 7 points 5 hours ago And a 50 year loan at 5% permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
FaustyArchaeus 1 points 2 hours ago This week has been a clusterfuck of bad ideas permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 5 hours ago MTV politics... permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 29 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 8 points 6 hours ago But it's so hard for us poor dumb country folk. They use numbers and everything./s permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight -5 points 5 hours ago Go to college and get a degree you stupid fucking redneck. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 3-10 2 points 4 hours ago Or ships… permalink parent award report block reply
friarfox 8 points 6 hours ago But it's so hard for us poor dumb country folk. They use numbers and everything./s permalink parent award report block reply RonPaulWasRight -5 points 5 hours ago Go to college and get a degree you stupid fucking redneck. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
RonPaulWasRight -5 points 5 hours ago Go to college and get a degree you stupid fucking redneck. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
3-10 2 points 4 hours ago Or ships… permalink parent award report block reply
Pede45 8 points 7 hours ago I'm pretty sure it was bat trees. permalink parent award report block reply
cosmos411 5 points 7 hours ago or work at 7-11s, hotel check-in desks, gas stations etc. You know, the really mentally challenging jobs that require Doctors and Engineers from shithole countries. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 4 points 7 hours ago or batteries or cars on an assembly line Edit: Apologies for the duplicate comment -- I do not know why that occurred permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 13 points 7 hours ago What we really need is 50 year mortgages to complete enslavement to banks. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 7 hours ago I can’t wait until I can (maybe) sign a 50 year mortgage by the time I’m 60. Will be such a proud day for mom and dad to see me succeed, I’ll probably dig up their corpses so they can watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... possibletower -2 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 13 points 7 hours ago What we really need is 50 year mortgages to complete enslavement to banks. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 7 hours ago I can’t wait until I can (maybe) sign a 50 year mortgage by the time I’m 60. Will be such a proud day for mom and dad to see me succeed, I’ll probably dig up their corpses so they can watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... possibletower -2 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply
HiimHillaryClinton 2 points 7 hours ago I can’t wait until I can (maybe) sign a 50 year mortgage by the time I’m 60. Will be such a proud day for mom and dad to see me succeed, I’ll probably dig up their corpses so they can watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
possibletower -2 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply
MickHigan2 31 points 7 hours ago They never attack the one nation you'd think they'd want to. Curious how that works. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 6 points 7 hours ago Why would they attack the nation they work for permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -8 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 3 points 5 hours ago Stop wasting your life being retarded on the internet. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 6 points 7 hours ago Why would they attack the nation they work for permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -8 points 7 hours ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply CantStumpIWin 3 points 5 hours ago Stop wasting your life being retarded on the internet. permalink parent award report block reply
CantStumpIWin 3 points 5 hours ago Stop wasting your life being retarded on the internet. permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 10 points 7 hours ago Updoot or heads will roll, infidel! permalink parent award report block reply
freebirdie 9 points 6 hours ago Knock knock Who's there? Stupid Americans Stupid Americans who? Stupid Americans who voted for you. Ah yes, welcome this terrorist morons. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 3 points 3 hours ago I realize you are making a reddit joke, but this is unironically how many idiot maga react to stuff like this ans trump sellung out on the filibuster etc. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 3 hours ago Yep, saw it happening all morning. Pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 0 points 3 hours ago Yep, saw it happening all morning. Pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 63 points 7 hours ago Hahaha. We should invite millions of them into the country! permalink award report block reply FKH2 21 points 7 hours ago We already have permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 11 points 5 hours ago Millions more then. Let's sign over Minnesota to the caliphate permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 5 hours ago Hey now, Minnesota is rightful .....Somali.... clay! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 7 hours ago CIA didn’t flip Syria upside down for us to not take their oil.  I just hope that doesn’t bring millions of Syrians here. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 6 hours ago All that could travel left their families behind and went to Europe permalink parent award report block reply Bazhosh 2 points 4 hours ago Right, all the Syrians are already in Germany. https://en.zamanalwsl.net/news/article/69541/ permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 21 points 7 hours ago We already have permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 11 points 5 hours ago Millions more then. Let's sign over Minnesota to the caliphate permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 5 hours ago Hey now, Minnesota is rightful .....Somali.... clay! permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 11 points 5 hours ago Millions more then. Let's sign over Minnesota to the caliphate permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 5 hours ago Hey now, Minnesota is rightful .....Somali.... clay! permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 3 points 5 hours ago Hey now, Minnesota is rightful .....Somali.... clay! permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 1 points 7 hours ago CIA didn’t flip Syria upside down for us to not take their oil.  I just hope that doesn’t bring millions of Syrians here. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 6 hours ago All that could travel left their families behind and went to Europe permalink parent award report block reply Bazhosh 2 points 4 hours ago Right, all the Syrians are already in Germany. https://en.zamanalwsl.net/news/article/69541/ permalink parent award report block reply
Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 6 hours ago All that could travel left their families behind and went to Europe permalink parent award report block reply Bazhosh 2 points 4 hours ago Right, all the Syrians are already in Germany. https://en.zamanalwsl.net/news/article/69541/ permalink parent award report block reply
Bazhosh 2 points 4 hours ago Right, all the Syrians are already in Germany. https://en.zamanalwsl.net/news/article/69541/ permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 55 points 7 hours ago Just a few years ago the "President" of Syria was among the most wanted Al Qaeda terrorists on Earth.  Now the United States celebrates him.  What a huge FUCK YOU to all our military, to all the families that lost loved ones.  They fought in wars for other countries and now the people they fought are celebrated in White House.  Despicable. permalink award report block reply Refugee1000 25 points 7 hours ago I was in the military, and under no illusion what i was doing. It was accept x risk for y college money and career benefits. If you actually believed you were freedom fighting in ragheadistan you're a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 7 points 6 hours ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply N14205ST205 3 points 4 hours ago A lot of people struggle to come to terms with the reason they're "supposed" to do something and how it contrasts with their actual motivation. It takes a lot of guts to be so frank and honest like that. Thank you for breaking that cycle and just telling the truth. That requires courage a lot of people just don't have and shows how strong your character is. I hope you're doing OK now. Always live authentically. permalink parent award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 1 hour ago Thank you as someone who wanted to go to the military but ended not be able too, I too saw this afterwards and was getting angry at the idea that I should be supporting the Military blindly as if this was Sparta.. I have respect for all who serve, but i have nothing to thank them for. What did you do I think? you went to a nation that had nothing to do with our current enemies and then you help support a war and kill those who really just wanted to be left alone.
And now that same government in which our men fought for allowed the same enemies to move on in right next door. The amount of muslims here is so damn disgusting I want all members of congress and senate to hang for this crime. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 4 points 6 hours ago This. Very much this. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 5 hours ago https://oilprice.com/Energy/Natural-Gas/Qatar-to-Supply-Natural-Gas-to-Syria-via-Arab-Pipeline.html permalink parent award report block reply Inficant -2 points 6 hours ago The idea that we can't talk to people and can only run around throwing punches is sophomoric. permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 8 points 6 hours ago Did I mention going to war with this guy?  Did the war that dethroned the previous leader only to install this anti Christian faggot come across as sophomoric? permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -5 points 7 hours ago All Trump cares about is America first. If it benefits us to meet this dude, he will meet. Tensions are finally at a low point in the Middle East, so he’s obviously doing something right permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 25 points 7 hours ago That is a very lazy assessment.  Now do the 600,000 Chinese students and accelerated H1b program. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 14 points 7 hours ago 600,000 Chinese spies permalink parent award report block reply morememesplz 1 points 2 hours ago International Chinese students are mostly filthy rich kids. On average they will spend $100k/year on tuition, food, boarding, shopping, cars, clothes. Do the math. Trump won't say no to $60Billion pumped into the US economy. Note: I'm not in favor of bringing them in, but I have a feeling MAGA is not doing the math to understand why Trump did this. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -3 points 7 hours ago The 600k China students is bs, I don’t want those commie fucks in our colleges or our country. I know it was some olive branch to try and get a good trade deal against China and hopefully won’t be implemented. Or if I know trump, it comes with huge price tags and does not make it worth it for Chinese. The h1b limit are greatly reduced under trump and now cost $100k, so that’s a W. Why would I freak out about 25k legal work visas when we have 20 million + illegals that we need to track down. That’s a drop in the bucket permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 8 points 7 hours ago Do you understand how math works? Its a single one time $100,000 fee If I hire an Indian H1B1 for $86,000 over an American for $120,000 That fee pays for itself in 3 years. What incentive do I have to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 3 points 6 hours ago …jeez, talk about no gag reflex… permalink parent award report block reply AccipiterQ 2 points 4 hours ago Down to the fuckin base man. permalink parent award report block reply Ocineaa 0 points 6 hours ago Cuck permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPlay3dYouLoL 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
Refugee1000 25 points 7 hours ago I was in the military, and under no illusion what i was doing. It was accept x risk for y college money and career benefits. If you actually believed you were freedom fighting in ragheadistan you're a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 7 points 6 hours ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply N14205ST205 3 points 4 hours ago A lot of people struggle to come to terms with the reason they're "supposed" to do something and how it contrasts with their actual motivation. It takes a lot of guts to be so frank and honest like that. Thank you for breaking that cycle and just telling the truth. That requires courage a lot of people just don't have and shows how strong your character is. I hope you're doing OK now. Always live authentically. permalink parent award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 1 hour ago Thank you as someone who wanted to go to the military but ended not be able too, I too saw this afterwards and was getting angry at the idea that I should be supporting the Military blindly as if this was Sparta.. I have respect for all who serve, but i have nothing to thank them for. What did you do I think? you went to a nation that had nothing to do with our current enemies and then you help support a war and kill those who really just wanted to be left alone.
And now that same government in which our men fought for allowed the same enemies to move on in right next door. The amount of muslims here is so damn disgusting I want all members of congress and senate to hang for this crime. permalink parent award report block reply
B-2StealthTrump 7 points 6 hours ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
N14205ST205 3 points 4 hours ago A lot of people struggle to come to terms with the reason they're "supposed" to do something and how it contrasts with their actual motivation. It takes a lot of guts to be so frank and honest like that. Thank you for breaking that cycle and just telling the truth. That requires courage a lot of people just don't have and shows how strong your character is. I hope you're doing OK now. Always live authentically. permalink parent award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 1 hour ago Thank you as someone who wanted to go to the military but ended not be able too, I too saw this afterwards and was getting angry at the idea that I should be supporting the Military blindly as if this was Sparta.. I have respect for all who serve, but i have nothing to thank them for. What did you do I think? you went to a nation that had nothing to do with our current enemies and then you help support a war and kill those who really just wanted to be left alone.
friarfox 4 points 6 hours ago This. Very much this. permalink parent award report block reply
justinkayz 1 points 5 hours ago https://oilprice.com/Energy/Natural-Gas/Qatar-to-Supply-Natural-Gas-to-Syria-via-Arab-Pipeline.html permalink parent award report block reply
Inficant -2 points 6 hours ago The idea that we can't talk to people and can only run around throwing punches is sophomoric. permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 8 points 6 hours ago Did I mention going to war with this guy?  Did the war that dethroned the previous leader only to install this anti Christian faggot come across as sophomoric? permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 8 points 6 hours ago Did I mention going to war with this guy?  Did the war that dethroned the previous leader only to install this anti Christian faggot come across as sophomoric? permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman -5 points 7 hours ago All Trump cares about is America first. If it benefits us to meet this dude, he will meet. Tensions are finally at a low point in the Middle East, so he’s obviously doing something right permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 25 points 7 hours ago That is a very lazy assessment.  Now do the 600,000 Chinese students and accelerated H1b program. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 14 points 7 hours ago 600,000 Chinese spies permalink parent award report block reply morememesplz 1 points 2 hours ago International Chinese students are mostly filthy rich kids. On average they will spend $100k/year on tuition, food, boarding, shopping, cars, clothes. Do the math. Trump won't say no to $60Billion pumped into the US economy. Note: I'm not in favor of bringing them in, but I have a feeling MAGA is not doing the math to understand why Trump did this. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -3 points 7 hours ago The 600k China students is bs, I don’t want those commie fucks in our colleges or our country. I know it was some olive branch to try and get a good trade deal against China and hopefully won’t be implemented. Or if I know trump, it comes with huge price tags and does not make it worth it for Chinese. The h1b limit are greatly reduced under trump and now cost $100k, so that’s a W. Why would I freak out about 25k legal work visas when we have 20 million + illegals that we need to track down. That’s a drop in the bucket permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 8 points 7 hours ago Do you understand how math works? Its a single one time $100,000 fee If I hire an Indian H1B1 for $86,000 over an American for $120,000 That fee pays for itself in 3 years. What incentive do I have to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 3 points 6 hours ago …jeez, talk about no gag reflex… permalink parent award report block reply AccipiterQ 2 points 4 hours ago Down to the fuckin base man. permalink parent award report block reply Ocineaa 0 points 6 hours ago Cuck permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPlay3dYouLoL 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 25 points 7 hours ago That is a very lazy assessment.  Now do the 600,000 Chinese students and accelerated H1b program. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 14 points 7 hours ago 600,000 Chinese spies permalink parent award report block reply morememesplz 1 points 2 hours ago International Chinese students are mostly filthy rich kids. On average they will spend $100k/year on tuition, food, boarding, shopping, cars, clothes. Do the math. Trump won't say no to $60Billion pumped into the US economy. Note: I'm not in favor of bringing them in, but I have a feeling MAGA is not doing the math to understand why Trump did this. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -3 points 7 hours ago The 600k China students is bs, I don’t want those commie fucks in our colleges or our country. I know it was some olive branch to try and get a good trade deal against China and hopefully won’t be implemented. Or if I know trump, it comes with huge price tags and does not make it worth it for Chinese. The h1b limit are greatly reduced under trump and now cost $100k, so that’s a W. Why would I freak out about 25k legal work visas when we have 20 million + illegals that we need to track down. That’s a drop in the bucket permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 8 points 7 hours ago Do you understand how math works? Its a single one time $100,000 fee If I hire an Indian H1B1 for $86,000 over an American for $120,000 That fee pays for itself in 3 years. What incentive do I have to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
FKH2 14 points 7 hours ago 600,000 Chinese spies permalink parent award report block reply
morememesplz 1 points 2 hours ago International Chinese students are mostly filthy rich kids. On average they will spend $100k/year on tuition, food, boarding, shopping, cars, clothes. Do the math. Trump won't say no to $60Billion pumped into the US economy. Note: I'm not in favor of bringing them in, but I have a feeling MAGA is not doing the math to understand why Trump did this. permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman -3 points 7 hours ago The 600k China students is bs, I don’t want those commie fucks in our colleges or our country. I know it was some olive branch to try and get a good trade deal against China and hopefully won’t be implemented. Or if I know trump, it comes with huge price tags and does not make it worth it for Chinese. The h1b limit are greatly reduced under trump and now cost $100k, so that’s a W. Why would I freak out about 25k legal work visas when we have 20 million + illegals that we need to track down. That’s a drop in the bucket permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 8 points 7 hours ago Do you understand how math works? Its a single one time $100,000 fee If I hire an Indian H1B1 for $86,000 over an American for $120,000 That fee pays for itself in 3 years. What incentive do I have to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
It_takes_10_years 8 points 7 hours ago Do you understand how math works? Its a single one time $100,000 fee If I hire an Indian H1B1 for $86,000 over an American for $120,000 That fee pays for itself in 3 years. What incentive do I have to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 3 points 6 hours ago …jeez, talk about no gag reflex… permalink parent award report block reply AccipiterQ 2 points 4 hours ago Down to the fuckin base man. permalink parent award report block reply
AccipiterQ 2 points 4 hours ago Down to the fuckin base man. permalink parent award report block reply
Ocineaa 0 points 6 hours ago Cuck permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPlay3dYouLoL 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Pats5x 32 points 7 hours ago He's so fucking tone deaf now permalink award report block reply DrWeeGee 17 points 6 hours ago What, you don't like your 15 year car loans, 50 year mortgages and 600K CCP students? permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 6 hours ago In '17 I bought an RV (motorcycle) 7 year loan 7%. Then '23 a car 7 year loan 7%. I was shocked then cars reached RV levels of retarded. permalink parent award report block reply Pats5x 0 points 3 hours ago I give 50 year mortgages my complete and total endorsement.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink parent award report block reply
DrWeeGee 17 points 6 hours ago What, you don't like your 15 year car loans, 50 year mortgages and 600K CCP students? permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 6 hours ago In '17 I bought an RV (motorcycle) 7 year loan 7%. Then '23 a car 7 year loan 7%. I was shocked then cars reached RV levels of retarded. permalink parent award report block reply Pats5x 0 points 3 hours ago I give 50 year mortgages my complete and total endorsement.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 1 points 6 hours ago In '17 I bought an RV (motorcycle) 7 year loan 7%. Then '23 a car 7 year loan 7%. I was shocked then cars reached RV levels of retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
Pats5x 0 points 3 hours ago I give 50 year mortgages my complete and total endorsement.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. permalink parent award report block reply
Madnote1984 31 points 7 hours ago Shit. McCain and Graham used to have to travel to Syria for photo ops with head-choppers. Now, we just bring them to the White House. permalink award report block reply UsernameChexOut 12 points 7 hours ago In Zionist America, head chopper photo op come to YOOOOOOU! permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago This is an israel puppet. permalink parent award report block reply
UsernameChexOut 12 points 7 hours ago In Zionist America, head chopper photo op come to YOOOOOOU! permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago This is an israel puppet. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckCommies 26 points 7 hours ago That's cute. Still waiting on the issues he campaigned on. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 6 hours ago Best I can do is increase H1B fees permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 5 points 3 hours ago I mean he said that but now he is saying we need more indians because americans are too stupid. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t have enough talent to understand this post. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 1 hour ago let's import someone who can "understand" it for you ! divershitty is our strength!!!1 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPlay3dYouLoL 0 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 4 points 6 hours ago Best I can do is increase H1B fees permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 5 points 3 hours ago I mean he said that but now he is saying we need more indians because americans are too stupid. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t have enough talent to understand this post. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 1 hour ago let's import someone who can "understand" it for you ! divershitty is our strength!!!1 permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 5 points 3 hours ago I mean he said that but now he is saying we need more indians because americans are too stupid. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t have enough talent to understand this post. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 1 hour ago let's import someone who can "understand" it for you ! divershitty is our strength!!!1 permalink parent award report block reply
SteveRogers42 2 points 2 hours ago I don’t have enough talent to understand this post. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 1 hour ago let's import someone who can "understand" it for you ! divershitty is our strength!!!1 permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 1 points 1 hour ago let's import someone who can "understand" it for you ! divershitty is our strength!!!1 permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 24 points 7 hours ago That is not Bashar al-Assad, the last real president of Syria. This man -- Ahmed al-Sharaa -- is an imposter governing over the carcass that was once Syria. He is to Syria what Zelenskyy is to Ukraine: a puppet of foreign interests, installed to inflict damage upon the native population. permalink award report block reply FKH2 12 points 7 hours ago He was put into power to genocide the Christians of the Levant so Israel could expand in what is known as The Greater Israel Project permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 7 hours ago This man -- Ahmed al-Sharaa -- is an imposter governing over the carcass that was once Syria. The US government spent the last 25 years trying to get rid of Assad. Syria was literally one of the countries that George W Bush and Dick Cheney wanted to invade, but never got around to because Iraq became such a clusterfuck. Of course they are happy now that he's gone. And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 4 points 5 hours ago And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. Yeah, against the .... US.... right. We all know what the real rules are. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 6 hours ago No body realpolitiks around here. Hell they'd probably avoid knowing it's meaning just because Kissinger was a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 7 hours ago Wait, so it’s not just white countries?! permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 7 hours ago Funny how Arab countries are the last ones to ever take in their own as refugees. Almost like they know. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 6 hours ago Turkey took many Syrian refugees in. The issue is that a lot don't want to stop in a Muslim country when there are dumb Western countries willing to give them free money. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 12 points 7 hours ago He was put into power to genocide the Christians of the Levant so Israel could expand in what is known as The Greater Israel Project permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 4 points 7 hours ago This man -- Ahmed al-Sharaa -- is an imposter governing over the carcass that was once Syria. The US government spent the last 25 years trying to get rid of Assad. Syria was literally one of the countries that George W Bush and Dick Cheney wanted to invade, but never got around to because Iraq became such a clusterfuck. Of course they are happy now that he's gone. And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 4 points 5 hours ago And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. Yeah, against the .... US.... right. We all know what the real rules are. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 6 hours ago No body realpolitiks around here. Hell they'd probably avoid knowing it's meaning just because Kissinger was a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 4 points 5 hours ago And the new guy knows that if he positions Syria against the US, the same thing will happen to him. Yeah, against the .... US.... right. We all know what the real rules are. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 6 hours ago No body realpolitiks around here. Hell they'd probably avoid knowing it's meaning just because Kissinger was a faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 2 points 7 hours ago Wait, so it’s not just white countries?! permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 7 hours ago Funny how Arab countries are the last ones to ever take in their own as refugees. Almost like they know. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 6 hours ago Turkey took many Syrian refugees in. The issue is that a lot don't want to stop in a Muslim country when there are dumb Western countries willing to give them free money. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 7 hours ago Funny how Arab countries are the last ones to ever take in their own as refugees. Almost like they know. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 6 hours ago Turkey took many Syrian refugees in. The issue is that a lot don't want to stop in a Muslim country when there are dumb Western countries willing to give them free money. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 3 points 6 hours ago Turkey took many Syrian refugees in. The issue is that a lot don't want to stop in a Muslim country when there are dumb Western countries willing to give them free money. permalink parent award report block reply
GeneticsGuy 10 points 6 hours ago Maybe guys it is better for us to be promoting peace than complaining about past affiliations. Ya, it sucks, but the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were wars we didn't need to be in. Fun fact, the Taliban were actually going to hand over Bin Laden in 2001, and they told Bush that they would have him in US custody within 24hrs. The US said they'd give them 24hrs... and then the Taliban were getting ready to bring Bin Laden in... once Bush Jr. saw that, they realized they weren't going to get their war, so they bombed Afghanistan early, before the 24hrs was up, kickstarting the war. The Taliban then said, "Well nevermind, screw you guys, war it is." Never forget, the Taliban were literally our ALLIES in the 80s against Russia's occupation of Afghanistan. Al Qaeda was a completely separate faction that regularly clashed with the Taliban. Not justifying the Taliban in any way, but I am pointing out how in 2001, we had off-ramps to NOT going to war there. The Taliban wanted to cooperate with the US, but Bush and the neocons REALLY wanted their war, which they got. Taliban cooperation went against the narrative. This guy wants peace in Syria. Let them have it. Ya, it sucks. Ya, they prosecute Christians. BUT IT'S NOT OUR WAR. We want peace, and we are getting peace. One of the things that is helping us get peace in the Middle-East is by letting them go and govern their own countries. Ya, Iran is a bad actor because they want to destroy the world, same with Palestinians, but Hamas only exists because of Iran. The rest of the Middle-East knows this. The rest of the Middle-East wants to live in peace with the world. Let's let them. North Korea's dictator is a terrible evil dude, way more so than this dude ever could dream of being,  so is it smarter to just keep isolating North Korea, or was Trump justified in trying to broker negotiations and peace with North Korea instead of just banging your chest like neocons are about how war is great? Let peace be peace. Let Syria do it's own thing. Let's try to bring North Korea into the normalized world instead of just being an agent of China. This isn't a bad thing. permalink award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 5 points 6 hours ago You make a fair point. permalink parent award report block reply AccipiterQ 1 points 4 hours ago This guy wants peace in Syria. Let them have it. Ya, it sucks. Ya, they prosecute Christians. BUT IT'S NOT OUR WAR. We want peace, and we are getting peace. He doesn't want peace, he wants to wipe out Christians.  "It's not our war". Any war against Christians is our war. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 hours ago Wants peace in syria. He is a terrorist unsurgent working for Israel. They mass murdered a shit ton of people to get him into power. Aka the peace ship has sailed. You cant claim peace after you killed all opposition. permalink parent award report block reply
B-2StealthTrump 5 points 6 hours ago You make a fair point. permalink parent award report block reply
AccipiterQ 1 points 4 hours ago This guy wants peace in Syria. Let them have it. Ya, it sucks. Ya, they prosecute Christians. BUT IT'S NOT OUR WAR. We want peace, and we are getting peace. He doesn't want peace, he wants to wipe out Christians.  "It's not our war". Any war against Christians is our war. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
GeneticsGuy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 0 points 3 hours ago Wants peace in syria. He is a terrorist unsurgent working for Israel. They mass murdered a shit ton of people to get him into power. Aka the peace ship has sailed. You cant claim peace after you killed all opposition. permalink parent award report block reply
Throwingway22 9 points 7 hours ago "you'll need this with all the curried, street shitters you're bringing in who you just declared as better than Americans." permalink award report block reply
FKH2 8 points 7 hours ago This is a humiliation ritual permalink award report block reply
Ocineaa 6 points 6 hours ago What happened to Trump.  Having a literal terrorist in the White House and jokes about it permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago This terrorist works for Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago This terrorist works for Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
CanadianMeathead 6 points 7 hours ago I don't love him permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 6 points 8 hours ago Bro even dressed like Trump for the meeting permalink award report block reply
The_Bo0ch 6 points 6 hours ago Fucking ridiculous.. An actual terrorist in the white house.. permalink award report block reply
TheGeneral 4 points 5 hours ago What did my brother die for? permalink award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
M-m-m-my-corona 4 points 7 hours ago I voted for this guy like 5 times.  I wish I could take them all back. permalink award report block reply
62jawbill 4 points 6 hours ago Gifting terrorists who murder Christians? How does this help Americans? permalink award report block reply
jimboonie 4 points 6 hours ago 50 year mortgages. permalink award report block reply
SALTYinSeattle OP 3 points 8 hours ago https://x.com/EricLDaugh/status/1988625373874012469 permalink award report block reply
IsrorOrca 3 points 7 hours ago BAH! Just spraying him with cologne! permalink award report block reply
mty_green_go 3 points 6 hours ago How many H1B's did he have to hire to make his cologne for him? permalink award report block reply
Tyscribz 3 points 7 hours ago I think I need to buy some Trump Cologne permalink award report block reply
SonOfThunder 2 points 6 hours ago These paid shills are disgusting permalink award report block reply
Rabid2A-Anti-Commie 2 points 4 hours ago revoke the patriot act. If the president can hang with a terrorist, then I should be able to take my family to the airplane gate at an airport. permalink award report block reply
StrongIsland 2 points 7 hours ago Is this like Bibi’s beeper gift or something? I don’t get it? permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Bibi installed this guy so no. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Bibi installed this guy so no. permalink parent award report block reply
Hikedelics 2 points 5 hours ago Ya know, after telling us we’re all too dumb to work in factories in our own country I’m just not finding the humor in this. permalink award report block reply
ActNow 2 points 7 hours ago He didn't just say that, did he? Lol. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago He knows its all a put on.
Hes talking to an itelligence dude installes by israel. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago He knows its all a put on.
Eddie_LeBec 2 points 6 hours ago Great how many 100,000s of Syrian truck drivers are going to get H1bvisas permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 2 points 5 hours ago That guy killed and maimed U.S. personnel. But when MIGA  is your agenda, they want the GI to proceed, and they need a flight lane to Iran. The hell with the Christians in Syria. permalink award report block reply
Morokei 2 points 7 hours ago Invite the Kurds instead permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 2 points 5 hours ago To think, just two years ago that guy was posing holding the severed heads of civilians permalink award report block reply
BitterRoots 2 points 5 hours ago Wish this was AI. Disappointing doesn't begin to cover it. What happened to ballbuster Trump? permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 4 hours ago Dementia. I know folks don't want to hear it - but listen to him during most interviews and he sounds a lot less lucid then he did at the end of 2024 permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago Its not dementia.
We were fooled. He is Israel first. Our job to be vocal that we dont like this shit in the streets. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 2 hours ago End result is the same...situation needs to be rectified regardless. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 4 hours ago Dementia. I know folks don't want to hear it - but listen to him during most interviews and he sounds a lot less lucid then he did at the end of 2024 permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago Its not dementia.
AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago Its not dementia.
Klaus73 1 points 2 hours ago End result is the same...situation needs to be rectified regardless. permalink parent award report block reply
46DindoNuffin 2 points 7 hours ago Salty, did you  know that Trump just got the Boeing Salesman of the Year award?  He arranged for the sale of 1000 Jumbos. permalink award report block reply SALTYinSeattle OP 1 points 6 hours ago Ha! I didn't know that! That's pretty cool. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply
SALTYinSeattle OP 1 points 6 hours ago Ha! I didn't know that! That's pretty cool. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply
nod32 1 points 1 hour ago hes a horrible person, but at least he wore a suit! permalink award report block reply
Beelzy 1 points 7 hours ago It's diplomacy at 5D chess level folks. He's being civil, so we can easily send back the muslims when the time comes. Maybe freight collect to boot. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Trump already has 2 indians lined up for every muslim we send home. Israel hust realized India worships them like turds so they will happily switch from muslims to hindus for replacement. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Trump already has 2 indians lined up for every muslim we send home. Israel hust realized India worships them like turds so they will happily switch from muslims to hindus for replacement. permalink parent award report block reply
ShadowInv 1 points 6 hours ago “Israel told me to come here because you all need a central bank.” permalink award report block reply
notsuicidalatall 1 points 7 hours ago Optics. permalink award report block reply
Deporter 1 points 2 hours ago But, I thought Trump was controlled by Jews??? They seem pretty upset at him over this. Maybe nobody controls him and people should stop doubting him. He deserves the benefit of the doubt. permalink award report block reply
schism 1 points 3 hours ago KEK he sprayed them - deodorant is about 50/50 in Syria, so I wonder if they stank. permalink award report block reply
alizarinslytherin 1 points 6 hours ago Trump drops the best hints! you stink like goat rectum To be fair- cologne is a very elegant gift. Nobody does it like GEOTUS permalink award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Id be alot more jolly if it didnt remind me he sold us out to israel and now we get endless h1bs, might give up the filibuster, and this dude hes palling around with is an israel installed puppet. Fuck this gay govt. permalink award report block reply
AccipiterQ 1 points 4 hours ago LE HECKIN TERRORISTORINO IS LE BASED!!! permalink award report block reply
Harvestsmiles 1 points 6 hours ago Looked like Trump sprayed Jimmie Kimmel (with the purple tie) right in the eye permalink award report block reply
BillboDickens 1 points 1 hour ago Stick a fork in it, the movement is dead. permalink award report block reply
Mintap 1 points 2 hours ago Keep your friends close and enemies closer. permalink award report block reply
progressives4Trump 1 points 3 hours ago I looked online and I can't find the cologne permalink award report block reply
nemonster 1 points 23 minutes ago One wife and a whole cheptel of goats permalink award report block reply
Magatedward 0 points 7 hours ago Y'all quit complaining and focus on the main goal. Stabilize the region and send all the "refugees" back from western civilization. If this is accomplished, I don't give a fuck how frankly. If this guy can control the country, and take back millions of people I'm all for him. permalink award report block reply josiborg 7 points 7 hours ago If this is the actual strategy then I might be able to wrap my head around it. But it won't get me a job I'm overqualified for to raise my kids with appropriate systems in place for them to be safe and succeed. I'm at the Rubicon right now with one foot on both sides until further notice. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 1 points 7 hours ago Germany (surprisingly) said they want to do it the other day.  They want to repatriate Syrians.  If Germany, of all places, is signalling this then other liberal western countries can too. Even the MSM is reporting on it. https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Dude Germany has elections in Jan I believe and the ruling parties are doing what theyve done ever since the populist AfD started gaining steam, signal deportation to syphon voters away and after the eldction keep bringing in the planes... AfD will become the biggest party this election after a close 2nd last year. Unfortunatelythere are about 10 parties and they are working against the AfD. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 7 hours ago Even if that whole region is stabilized, the invaders would not return to their home countries, en masse, except for vacations. The welfare of the USA, as well as Western Europe, is too generous. permalink parent award report block reply Logan051361 1 points 7 hours ago Itss like these people are MTG  WTF permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 7 hours ago This is a development, who's on record for sending back the invaders from this particular mess? permalink parent award report block reply Magatedward 0 points 6 hours ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl This is the only way you get get Euro fags to reverse course. Give them a positive out where the middle east is now better, and safe to send people back. Trump is also win win oriented. Euros save face, we get investments from them (NATO) and the mid east, and western civilization may just survive. Mid east gets positives from not being a warzone constantly. Wins all around. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 hours ago That's very optimistic, let's see how it plays out. permalink parent award report block reply
josiborg 7 points 7 hours ago If this is the actual strategy then I might be able to wrap my head around it. But it won't get me a job I'm overqualified for to raise my kids with appropriate systems in place for them to be safe and succeed. I'm at the Rubicon right now with one foot on both sides until further notice. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 1 points 7 hours ago Germany (surprisingly) said they want to do it the other day.  They want to repatriate Syrians.  If Germany, of all places, is signalling this then other liberal western countries can too. Even the MSM is reporting on it. https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Dude Germany has elections in Jan I believe and the ruling parties are doing what theyve done ever since the populist AfD started gaining steam, signal deportation to syphon voters away and after the eldction keep bringing in the planes... AfD will become the biggest party this election after a close 2nd last year. Unfortunatelythere are about 10 parties and they are working against the AfD. permalink parent award report block reply
wartooth6 1 points 7 hours ago Germany (surprisingly) said they want to do it the other day.  They want to repatriate Syrians.  If Germany, of all places, is signalling this then other liberal western countries can too. Even the MSM is reporting on it. https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Dude Germany has elections in Jan I believe and the ruling parties are doing what theyve done ever since the populist AfD started gaining steam, signal deportation to syphon voters away and after the eldction keep bringing in the planes... AfD will become the biggest party this election after a close 2nd last year. Unfortunatelythere are about 10 parties and they are working against the AfD. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Dude Germany has elections in Jan I believe and the ruling parties are doing what theyve done ever since the populist AfD started gaining steam, signal deportation to syphon voters away and after the eldction keep bringing in the planes... AfD will become the biggest party this election after a close 2nd last year. Unfortunatelythere are about 10 parties and they are working against the AfD. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 7 hours ago Even if that whole region is stabilized, the invaders would not return to their home countries, en masse, except for vacations. The welfare of the USA, as well as Western Europe, is too generous. permalink parent award report block reply
Logan051361 1 points 7 hours ago Itss like these people are MTG  WTF permalink parent award report block reply
Southboundanddown 1 points 7 hours ago This is a development, who's on record for sending back the invaders from this particular mess? permalink parent award report block reply Magatedward 0 points 6 hours ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl This is the only way you get get Euro fags to reverse course. Give them a positive out where the middle east is now better, and safe to send people back. Trump is also win win oriented. Euros save face, we get investments from them (NATO) and the mid east, and western civilization may just survive. Mid east gets positives from not being a warzone constantly. Wins all around. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 hours ago That's very optimistic, let's see how it plays out. permalink parent award report block reply
Magatedward 0 points 6 hours ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/09/europe/syrian-migrants-germany-repatriation-intl This is the only way you get get Euro fags to reverse course. Give them a positive out where the middle east is now better, and safe to send people back. Trump is also win win oriented. Euros save face, we get investments from them (NATO) and the mid east, and western civilization may just survive. Mid east gets positives from not being a warzone constantly. Wins all around. permalink parent award report block reply Southboundanddown 1 points 6 hours ago That's very optimistic, let's see how it plays out. permalink parent award report block reply
Southboundanddown 1 points 6 hours ago That's very optimistic, let's see how it plays out. permalink parent award report block reply
MyNameIsTaxpayer -1 points 6 hours ago He department store perfume lady skunked him - funny as hell until it happens to you. permalink award report block reply
KOMMISSARofMAGA -2 points 7 hours ago Holy shit. So dam funny. permalink award report block reply