44 "most H1Bs are nowhere near a critical area that can't easily be replaced with an average STEM grad" posted 1 hour ago by bleeje 6 comments award share report block Buanadha @buanadha • 6h @libertarianfilm @BarefootStudent most H1Bs are nowhere near a critical area that can't easily be replaced with an average STEM grad
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style patrioticwinning3 2 points 1 hour ago We know, they are literally just cheap labor with no employment rights... permalink award report block reply Deplora 2 points 1 hour ago Quite a lot of them could be easily replaced with an average public high school grad.  There are some good reasons not to suddenly boot out all the genuinely skilled ones, or completely stop issuing new HIB visas to genuinely skilled workers, but no reason at all not to boot out the ones who have no particular skills that are in short supply among US workers, and not let in any more of those. permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 1 points 1 hour ago o reason at all not to boot out the ones who have no particular skills that are in short supply among US workers, and not let in any more of those. Makes sense. When do you think this will happen? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 58 minutes ago Hopefully soon.  I get that realistically, it has to be somewhat gradual.  Otherwise legitimate businesses are going to get seriously screwed by the disruption.  But  there needs to be a plan to start phasing them out fairly briskly. permalink parent award report block reply bleeje OP 1 points 55 minutes ago Yeah. What are your thoughts on the GOP's prospects for 2026 at this rate? permalink parent award report block reply breezily 2 points 1 hour ago there was a post on here about some kind of IT competition.  india didn't even place.  i was trying to find it earlier, but the search on this site is horrible. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 1 hour ago We know, they are literally just cheap labor with no employment rights... permalink award report block reply
Deplora 2 points 1 hour ago Quite a lot of them could be easily replaced with an average public high school grad.  There are some good reasons not to suddenly boot out all the genuinely skilled ones, or completely stop issuing new HIB visas to genuinely skilled workers, but no reason at all not to boot out the ones who have no particular skills that are in short supply among US workers, and not let in any more of those. permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 1 points 1 hour ago o reason at all not to boot out the ones who have no particular skills that are in short supply among US workers, and not let in any more of those. Makes sense. When do you think this will happen? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 58 minutes ago Hopefully soon.  I get that realistically, it has to be somewhat gradual.  Otherwise legitimate businesses are going to get seriously screwed by the disruption.  But  there needs to be a plan to start phasing them out fairly briskly. permalink parent award report block reply bleeje OP 1 points 55 minutes ago Yeah. What are your thoughts on the GOP's prospects for 2026 at this rate? permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje OP 1 points 1 hour ago o reason at all not to boot out the ones who have no particular skills that are in short supply among US workers, and not let in any more of those. Makes sense. When do you think this will happen? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 58 minutes ago Hopefully soon.  I get that realistically, it has to be somewhat gradual.  Otherwise legitimate businesses are going to get seriously screwed by the disruption.  But  there needs to be a plan to start phasing them out fairly briskly. permalink parent award report block reply bleeje OP 1 points 55 minutes ago Yeah. What are your thoughts on the GOP's prospects for 2026 at this rate? permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 1 points 58 minutes ago Hopefully soon.  I get that realistically, it has to be somewhat gradual.  Otherwise legitimate businesses are going to get seriously screwed by the disruption.  But  there needs to be a plan to start phasing them out fairly briskly. permalink parent award report block reply bleeje OP 1 points 55 minutes ago Yeah. What are your thoughts on the GOP's prospects for 2026 at this rate? permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje OP 1 points 55 minutes ago Yeah. What are your thoughts on the GOP's prospects for 2026 at this rate? permalink parent award report block reply
breezily 2 points 1 hour ago there was a post on here about some kind of IT competition.  india didn't even place.  i was trying to find it earlier, but the search on this site is horrible. permalink award report block reply