342 Tucker makes a good point that nobody wants to hear: Russia hasn’t done shit to America or Europe, but you’re told to hate it. Putin didn’t import millions of illegal migrants or fuck up the economy with net zero carbon laws and threaten people with jail for wrongthink. posted 3 hours ago by Bidensuckscocks 25 comments award share report block
25 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save finnigan 17 points 3 hours ago Russia was overthrown by NY Bolsheviks 120 years ago.  NY Bolsheviks grew communism and enslaved the Russians for 80 more years.  Putin grew up in that environment so he is tough as nails.  He appears to just want to run his country.  There is no reason to think otherwise.  We always need a bogeyman and he as been designated that by our govt. permalink award report block reply xkgb 2 points 2 hours ago [2012] Obama to Romney: 'The 1980s Are Now Calling to Ask For Their Foreign Policy Back' https://youtu.be/e7PvoI6gvQs permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 13 points 2 hours ago Russia never called me a racist or an antisemite permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker 2 points 6 minutes ago Or demanded I fund their healthcare, missile defense, and go to war for them every 6 months. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 6 points 1 hour ago We coulda been friends with Russia but trump bowed to the Jews and supported Ukraine so here we are. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 27 minutes ago Trump inherited Ukraine. In fact he was so close to exposing the corruption in that country in his first term they had to impeach him over a phone call to deflect away from it. Sure enough after the stolen election, Ukraine pops off magically. Almost like if Trump didn't win in 2016 the whole war would have kicked off four years earlier permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 4 points 25 minutes ago And what did he do with it? He shipped weapons to the jew midget, he met with him on even terms as if he was a legitimate head of state, he cut ties with Russia. He could have day one dropped US support for Ukraine, told the world the truth, and left them to rot. Without US support the war ends immediately, instead he prolonged the war getting both Ukrainians and Russians killed only to serve the jews greater Khazaria project. permalink parent award report block reply MotherCoconuts 2 points 35 minutes ago The fear of being called a Russian puppet by HIS coddled media is astounding. permalink parent award report block reply here2red 5 points 1 hour ago No-one listening to his show hates Russia permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 3 points 1 hour ago Once again Tucker calls it like it is. Deflection is a political art form polished with the blood of our sons and daughters. permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 3 points 32 minutes ago I think about this every time a see some tard post how they hate Russia. Like, why? permalink award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 39 minutes ago I don’t hate Russia.  I do miss the old CCCP especially during the Olympics.  I miss the old Soviet Union-an enemy? We loved to hate.
Putin is a very intelligent man with a mind that uses strategy to do everything.  He IS Soviet.  I respect him permalink award report block reply RBFace 1 points 15 minutes ago Where is this clip from? I would like to watch the whole thing.😃 permalink award report block reply frenacrossthepond 1 points 1 hour ago Ze Germans...what can I say. "Hoisted by their own petard" would be an understatement. The consequences of their own arrogance are well deserved. permalink award report block reply HappyFunBall 1 points 2 minutes ago "War is when the government tells you who the enemy is.  Revolution is when you decide that for yourself." ~ Benjamin Franklin permalink award report block reply DarthEP 1 points 23 minutes ago The Founding Director Of Paideia Has Entered The Chat... permalink award report block reply LampshadeDisco -5 points 2 hours ago Didn't Putin and Modi just agree to  bring jeets into Russia? Like 70K of them?? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 2 hours ago They are long standing allies. Wtf is your point, dipshit?? German Hillary (Merkle and her gang of globalist tyrants) imported HOSTILE JIHADI TERRORIST into Germany and have allowed them to rape and murder Gemany's daughters and then IMPRISONED anyone who complains about it. Your faggot ass comparison is as irrelevant as it gets. Fuck you. You fucking suck, and I hope a jihadi uses your neck as a knife holster. Rot in hell, you piece of shit. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Almost lost your cool for a second there pal maybe lay off the Internet for a bit I think you've had enough of your two minutes of rage permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago ah yes, a faggot fucking French pussy. Right on schedule👍you have nothing left to surrender, not even your dignity permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 0 points 1 hour ago Ben chode vaxxed and boosted language my boy. Chill. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 hour ago a ziobot calling me a zionist. How original Schlomo permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 1 hour ago broooo is this an AI?! permalink parent award report block reply MotherCoconuts 2 points 36 minutes ago What's your point? That's the reason we should be enemies?!? permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 1 points 4 minutes ago He has no point. He's pointless. permalink parent award report block reply
finnigan 17 points 3 hours ago Russia was overthrown by NY Bolsheviks 120 years ago.  NY Bolsheviks grew communism and enslaved the Russians for 80 more years.  Putin grew up in that environment so he is tough as nails.  He appears to just want to run his country.  There is no reason to think otherwise.  We always need a bogeyman and he as been designated that by our govt. permalink award report block reply xkgb 2 points 2 hours ago [2012] Obama to Romney: 'The 1980s Are Now Calling to Ask For Their Foreign Policy Back' https://youtu.be/e7PvoI6gvQs permalink parent award report block reply
xkgb 2 points 2 hours ago [2012] Obama to Romney: 'The 1980s Are Now Calling to Ask For Their Foreign Policy Back' https://youtu.be/e7PvoI6gvQs permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 13 points 2 hours ago Russia never called me a racist or an antisemite permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker 2 points 6 minutes ago Or demanded I fund their healthcare, missile defense, and go to war for them every 6 months. permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker 2 points 6 minutes ago Or demanded I fund their healthcare, missile defense, and go to war for them every 6 months. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 6 points 1 hour ago We coulda been friends with Russia but trump bowed to the Jews and supported Ukraine so here we are. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 27 minutes ago Trump inherited Ukraine. In fact he was so close to exposing the corruption in that country in his first term they had to impeach him over a phone call to deflect away from it. Sure enough after the stolen election, Ukraine pops off magically. Almost like if Trump didn't win in 2016 the whole war would have kicked off four years earlier permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 4 points 25 minutes ago And what did he do with it? He shipped weapons to the jew midget, he met with him on even terms as if he was a legitimate head of state, he cut ties with Russia. He could have day one dropped US support for Ukraine, told the world the truth, and left them to rot. Without US support the war ends immediately, instead he prolonged the war getting both Ukrainians and Russians killed only to serve the jews greater Khazaria project. permalink parent award report block reply MotherCoconuts 2 points 35 minutes ago The fear of being called a Russian puppet by HIS coddled media is astounding. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 27 minutes ago Trump inherited Ukraine. In fact he was so close to exposing the corruption in that country in his first term they had to impeach him over a phone call to deflect away from it. Sure enough after the stolen election, Ukraine pops off magically. Almost like if Trump didn't win in 2016 the whole war would have kicked off four years earlier permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 4 points 25 minutes ago And what did he do with it? He shipped weapons to the jew midget, he met with him on even terms as if he was a legitimate head of state, he cut ties with Russia. He could have day one dropped US support for Ukraine, told the world the truth, and left them to rot. Without US support the war ends immediately, instead he prolonged the war getting both Ukrainians and Russians killed only to serve the jews greater Khazaria project. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 4 points 25 minutes ago And what did he do with it? He shipped weapons to the jew midget, he met with him on even terms as if he was a legitimate head of state, he cut ties with Russia. He could have day one dropped US support for Ukraine, told the world the truth, and left them to rot. Without US support the war ends immediately, instead he prolonged the war getting both Ukrainians and Russians killed only to serve the jews greater Khazaria project. permalink parent award report block reply
MotherCoconuts 2 points 35 minutes ago The fear of being called a Russian puppet by HIS coddled media is astounding. permalink parent award report block reply
here2red 5 points 1 hour ago No-one listening to his show hates Russia permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 3 points 1 hour ago Once again Tucker calls it like it is. Deflection is a political art form polished with the blood of our sons and daughters. permalink award report block reply
penguinjay1212 3 points 32 minutes ago I think about this every time a see some tard post how they hate Russia. Like, why? permalink award report block reply
COLDWARPATRIOT55 1 points 39 minutes ago I don’t hate Russia.  I do miss the old CCCP especially during the Olympics.  I miss the old Soviet Union-an enemy? We loved to hate.
Putin is a very intelligent man with a mind that uses strategy to do everything.  He IS Soviet.  I respect him permalink award report block reply
RBFace 1 points 15 minutes ago Where is this clip from? I would like to watch the whole thing.😃 permalink award report block reply
frenacrossthepond 1 points 1 hour ago Ze Germans...what can I say. "Hoisted by their own petard" would be an understatement. The consequences of their own arrogance are well deserved. permalink award report block reply
HappyFunBall 1 points 2 minutes ago "War is when the government tells you who the enemy is.  Revolution is when you decide that for yourself." ~ Benjamin Franklin permalink award report block reply
DarthEP 1 points 23 minutes ago The Founding Director Of Paideia Has Entered The Chat... permalink award report block reply
LampshadeDisco -5 points 2 hours ago Didn't Putin and Modi just agree to  bring jeets into Russia? Like 70K of them?? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 2 hours ago They are long standing allies. Wtf is your point, dipshit?? German Hillary (Merkle and her gang of globalist tyrants) imported HOSTILE JIHADI TERRORIST into Germany and have allowed them to rape and murder Gemany's daughters and then IMPRISONED anyone who complains about it. Your faggot ass comparison is as irrelevant as it gets. Fuck you. You fucking suck, and I hope a jihadi uses your neck as a knife holster. Rot in hell, you piece of shit. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Almost lost your cool for a second there pal maybe lay off the Internet for a bit I think you've had enough of your two minutes of rage permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago ah yes, a faggot fucking French pussy. Right on schedule👍you have nothing left to surrender, not even your dignity permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 0 points 1 hour ago Ben chode vaxxed and boosted language my boy. Chill. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 hour ago a ziobot calling me a zionist. How original Schlomo permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 1 hour ago broooo is this an AI?! permalink parent award report block reply MotherCoconuts 2 points 36 minutes ago What's your point? That's the reason we should be enemies?!? permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 1 points 4 minutes ago He has no point. He's pointless. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 2 points 2 hours ago They are long standing allies. Wtf is your point, dipshit?? German Hillary (Merkle and her gang of globalist tyrants) imported HOSTILE JIHADI TERRORIST into Germany and have allowed them to rape and murder Gemany's daughters and then IMPRISONED anyone who complains about it. Your faggot ass comparison is as irrelevant as it gets. Fuck you. You fucking suck, and I hope a jihadi uses your neck as a knife holster. Rot in hell, you piece of shit. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Almost lost your cool for a second there pal maybe lay off the Internet for a bit I think you've had enough of your two minutes of rage permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago ah yes, a faggot fucking French pussy. Right on schedule👍you have nothing left to surrender, not even your dignity permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 0 points 1 hour ago Ben chode vaxxed and boosted language my boy. Chill. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 hour ago a ziobot calling me a zionist. How original Schlomo permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 1 hour ago broooo is this an AI?! permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Almost lost your cool for a second there pal maybe lay off the Internet for a bit I think you've had enough of your two minutes of rage permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago ah yes, a faggot fucking French pussy. Right on schedule👍you have nothing left to surrender, not even your dignity permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago ah yes, a faggot fucking French pussy. Right on schedule👍you have nothing left to surrender, not even your dignity permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 0 points 1 hour ago Ben chode vaxxed and boosted language my boy. Chill. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 hour ago a ziobot calling me a zionist. How original Schlomo permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 1 hour ago broooo is this an AI?! permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 1 hour ago a ziobot calling me a zionist. How original Schlomo permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 2 points 1 hour ago broooo is this an AI?! permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 2 points 1 hour ago broooo is this an AI?! permalink parent award report block reply
MotherCoconuts 2 points 36 minutes ago What's your point? That's the reason we should be enemies?!? permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 1 points 4 minutes ago He has no point. He's pointless. permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 1 points 4 minutes ago He has no point. He's pointless. permalink parent award report block reply