163 From Little John to ‘Lil John posted 3 hours ago by Right0hio 28 comments award share download report block
28 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno Shitsbrokeyo 17 points 2 hours ago I'm surprised he wasnt Robin. The "Last of Us" was the same for me. Good show and then two men start sucking face. *click" permalink award report block reply Logan051361 9 points 2 hours ago Same, i turned it off in that episode. never went back permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 8 points 2 hours ago Walking Dead did that too.  Granted, the show was getting old long before but, then there was a lesbian couple, then 2 fags.  Probably more but I quit at that pont. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 6 points 25 minutes ago Same with Designated Survivor.  Good show with interesting story lines, then the gay black guy gets a boyfriend and they show full on gay butt sex on the screen.  Switched off, after we showered to get rid of the ick. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 1 hour ago When they had Rick make out with the sheboon is when I turned it off permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago ''HHWHAT!?" permalink parent award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 1 points 23 seconds ago This is what I came for. I thank you for your service. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 4 points 1 hour ago And the little fetal alcohol syndrome spawn is a dad now permalink parent award report block reply BooKoo 1 points 3 minutes ago was that the sound of the lotion bottle you opened before you started furiously jerking off? permalink parent award report block reply TheOutlawPepeWales 14 points 2 hours ago I gave up in the first episode when they decided to make it "teh ebil Christian colonizers vs. teh peaceful pagan treehuggers" in an effort to rewrite Anglo-Saxon history. permalink award report block reply Logan051361 9 points 2 hours ago I was going to watch it  but i read that they made little john black....Fuck that, not watching. This shit needs to stop permalink award report block reply Retard_Strength 7 points 2 hours ago he wandered off the set of Robyn Hood, that shitty Canadian ghetto version permalink award report block reply ChilledCovfefe 5 points 1 hour ago They always make the first few episodes or even the first season of a show really good and once it has an audience they call in the fag parade to write in the gay and “diverse” story lines. permalink award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 5 points 2 hours ago little john was a moor?? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago HHHWHAT? YEAAAAH! permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 1 points 33 minutes ago Underrated comment right here permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 2 minutes ago I hate the "Moors were black" narrative.  They were Semites, same as Arabs, Jews, Egyptians, Syrians, etc. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Lil Jon... Okay! Does he speak in ebonics? Send them all back permalink award report block reply MAPatriot1966 4 points 1 hour ago Vikings Valhala was great until a black woman queen/king showed up. Im done permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 4 points 1 hour ago I gave the new "Witcher" a shot and bam , lesbo action within the first 30 mins. I see why Cavil left the series. permalink award report block reply DingDongDitch 4 points 1 hour ago Quit erasing white people. I don't care that its not historically accurate, but genocide is never okay. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 4 points 1 hour ago I'm waiting for Friar "Tuck" permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 3 points 1 hour ago They did far worse to the Wheel of Time series, it was so chock full of gay propaganda that it was unwatchable. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 15 minutes ago Robbin’ da Hood permalink award report block reply Protonboy 1 points 21 minutes ago He shoulda said "Get outta my grillz, mofo." For the period feel. permalink award report block reply Langtath 1 points 6 minutes ago Didn't they make Guinevere black in that Merlin show? Ruined it for me. permalink award report block reply cosmos411 1 points 4 minutes ago Lil Jeshaun. permalink award report block reply 45fan 1 points 24 minutes ago Lil Wayne more like it. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 0 points 1 hour ago Looks like the same guy the Chosen cast to be Joseph lol permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 17 points 2 hours ago I'm surprised he wasnt Robin. The "Last of Us" was the same for me. Good show and then two men start sucking face. *click" permalink award report block reply Logan051361 9 points 2 hours ago Same, i turned it off in that episode. never went back permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 8 points 2 hours ago Walking Dead did that too.  Granted, the show was getting old long before but, then there was a lesbian couple, then 2 fags.  Probably more but I quit at that pont. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 6 points 25 minutes ago Same with Designated Survivor.  Good show with interesting story lines, then the gay black guy gets a boyfriend and they show full on gay butt sex on the screen.  Switched off, after we showered to get rid of the ick. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 1 hour ago When they had Rick make out with the sheboon is when I turned it off permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago ''HHWHAT!?" permalink parent award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 1 points 23 seconds ago This is what I came for. I thank you for your service. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 4 points 1 hour ago And the little fetal alcohol syndrome spawn is a dad now permalink parent award report block reply BooKoo 1 points 3 minutes ago was that the sound of the lotion bottle you opened before you started furiously jerking off? permalink parent award report block reply
Logan051361 9 points 2 hours ago Same, i turned it off in that episode. never went back permalink parent award report block reply
NamendaBiden 8 points 2 hours ago Walking Dead did that too.  Granted, the show was getting old long before but, then there was a lesbian couple, then 2 fags.  Probably more but I quit at that pont. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 6 points 25 minutes ago Same with Designated Survivor.  Good show with interesting story lines, then the gay black guy gets a boyfriend and they show full on gay butt sex on the screen.  Switched off, after we showered to get rid of the ick. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 1 hour ago When they had Rick make out with the sheboon is when I turned it off permalink parent award report block reply
COLDWARPATRIOT55 6 points 25 minutes ago Same with Designated Survivor.  Good show with interesting story lines, then the gay black guy gets a boyfriend and they show full on gay butt sex on the screen.  Switched off, after we showered to get rid of the ick. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 6 points 1 hour ago When they had Rick make out with the sheboon is when I turned it off permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago ''HHWHAT!?" permalink parent award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 1 points 23 seconds ago This is what I came for. I thank you for your service. permalink parent award report block reply
MakingArrowsOrange 1 points 23 seconds ago This is what I came for. I thank you for your service. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 4 points 1 hour ago And the little fetal alcohol syndrome spawn is a dad now permalink parent award report block reply
BooKoo 1 points 3 minutes ago was that the sound of the lotion bottle you opened before you started furiously jerking off? permalink parent award report block reply
TheOutlawPepeWales 14 points 2 hours ago I gave up in the first episode when they decided to make it "teh ebil Christian colonizers vs. teh peaceful pagan treehuggers" in an effort to rewrite Anglo-Saxon history. permalink award report block reply
Logan051361 9 points 2 hours ago I was going to watch it  but i read that they made little john black....Fuck that, not watching. This shit needs to stop permalink award report block reply
Retard_Strength 7 points 2 hours ago he wandered off the set of Robyn Hood, that shitty Canadian ghetto version permalink award report block reply
ChilledCovfefe 5 points 1 hour ago They always make the first few episodes or even the first season of a show really good and once it has an audience they call in the fag parade to write in the gay and “diverse” story lines. permalink award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 5 points 2 hours ago little john was a moor?? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago HHHWHAT? YEAAAAH! permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 1 points 33 minutes ago Underrated comment right here permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 2 minutes ago I hate the "Moors were black" narrative.  They were Semites, same as Arabs, Jews, Egyptians, Syrians, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago HHHWHAT? YEAAAAH! permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 1 points 33 minutes ago Underrated comment right here permalink parent award report block reply
throwaway777b 1 points 33 minutes ago Underrated comment right here permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 1 points 2 minutes ago I hate the "Moors were black" narrative.  They were Semites, same as Arabs, Jews, Egyptians, Syrians, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Lil Jon... Okay! Does he speak in ebonics? Send them all back permalink award report block reply
MAPatriot1966 4 points 1 hour ago Vikings Valhala was great until a black woman queen/king showed up. Im done permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 4 points 1 hour ago I gave the new "Witcher" a shot and bam , lesbo action within the first 30 mins. I see why Cavil left the series. permalink award report block reply
DingDongDitch 4 points 1 hour ago Quit erasing white people. I don't care that its not historically accurate, but genocide is never okay. permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 4 points 1 hour ago I'm waiting for Friar "Tuck" permalink award report block reply
Overtaxed 3 points 1 hour ago They did far worse to the Wheel of Time series, it was so chock full of gay propaganda that it was unwatchable. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 15 minutes ago Robbin’ da Hood permalink award report block reply
Protonboy 1 points 21 minutes ago He shoulda said "Get outta my grillz, mofo." For the period feel. permalink award report block reply
Langtath 1 points 6 minutes ago Didn't they make Guinevere black in that Merlin show? Ruined it for me. permalink award report block reply
cosmos411 1 points 4 minutes ago Lil Jeshaun. permalink award report block reply
45fan 1 points 24 minutes ago Lil Wayne more like it. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 0 points 1 hour ago Looks like the same guy the Chosen cast to be Joseph lol permalink award report block reply