7 Ben Shapiro with some life tips for Gen Z posted 5 hours ago by neosin 6 comments award share report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Recurring 4 points 5 hours ago It’s unsurprising that one among the rootless internationalists in the Jews would claim something like this. I will never understand the support this man has cultivated with some of our supposed America First conservatives. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 5 hours ago He's the fox news of podcasts and was pushed by MSM. Young men are easily impressed when Shatpiro "dunks" low iq idiots who hate the same young men. permalink parent award report block reply neosin OP 3 points 5 hours ago You don't hate him enough permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 3 points 5 hours ago Too bad that fantasy land doesn’t realistic exist for an entire generation to disperse for better opportunity. We’re saturated with foreigners soaking it all up permalink award report block reply
Recurring 4 points 5 hours ago It’s unsurprising that one among the rootless internationalists in the Jews would claim something like this. I will never understand the support this man has cultivated with some of our supposed America First conservatives. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 5 hours ago He's the fox news of podcasts and was pushed by MSM. Young men are easily impressed when Shatpiro "dunks" low iq idiots who hate the same young men. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 1 points 5 hours ago He's the fox news of podcasts and was pushed by MSM. Young men are easily impressed when Shatpiro "dunks" low iq idiots who hate the same young men. permalink parent award report block reply
neosin OP 3 points 5 hours ago You don't hate him enough permalink award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 3 points 5 hours ago Too bad that fantasy land doesn’t realistic exist for an entire generation to disperse for better opportunity. We’re saturated with foreigners soaking it all up permalink award report block reply