1076 Old Google was Top KEK TOP  KEK posted 5 days ago by DCSucks 28 comments award share download report block
28 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save ReleasetheList 40 points 5 days ago The sad fate of these corporations. Started by relatively based people that sell out for the big check and their company gets taken over by globalist shitbags. permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 20 points 5 days ago I remember seeing Jack Dorsey on The Joe Rogan podcast with his handler sitting right beside him and speaking for him. Twitter had become a wing of the DNC and had completely censored anybody that disagreed with the narrative. That day introduced a lot of people to Tim Pool who did not hesitate to point out the hypocrisy of Twitter's rules to Jim Dorsey while his lawyer bitch tried to cover for him. Dorsey's  face was just empty like that of a broken man after he's been released from a long incarceration. The man was dead inside and I feel probably horrified at what his own creation had become. I haven't heard a fucking thing about him since he left Twitter and it became X. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 10 points 5 days ago He's a leftist who joined the board of Bluesky for a while. permalink parent award report block reply MatthiasBlack 3 points 5 days ago He's CEO of Block now, the parent company of many familiar fintech companies like Square, Cash App, and Afterpay. He is a lot more quiet politically than he was back when he ran Twitter. permalink parent award report block reply malooch 2 points 5 days ago That Indian chick right? I remember that permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Was that the time Tim Pool schooled them on censorship? permalink parent award report block reply KamalasPenisBreath 2 points 5 days ago And poor her, she had to stop shitting for an hour to have a chat about it permalink parent award report block reply Owmyballz 10 points 5 days ago You mean they did what the Democrat controlled Presidency and CIA told them to do or else they'd end up suiciding themselves with 12 shotgun blasts to the back. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 10 points 5 days ago Larry and Serginwere never based. This was just the tech working as intended based on raw user behavior before they got around to manipulating results. permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 4 points 5 days ago I'm old enough to remember their original motto "Don't be evil"... They dropped that right around the time that Trump announced his run for presidency in early 2015. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 4 points 5 days ago They may not have even been "based". Just normal and not woke. But then again, based really is simply based in reality permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Sythen 21 points 5 days ago Remember when you could do a Google image search for a baboon or something and Michelle Obama's picture would show up? permalink award report block reply tooanalytical 16 points 5 days ago That's when the algorithm wasn't biased. They originally allowed the algorithm to provide feedback based upon other user's searches, hence joggers stealing cars. permalink award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 11 points 5 days ago I’m old enough to remember when googling “were there White slaves” would actually give you information regarding the Irish slaves and tell you that they were actually treated worse than the black slaves. permalink award report block reply Elencher 10 points 5 days ago For those confused they absolutely were treated worse because they couldn’t be resold. Black slaves were assets that had value. Irish were 100% disposable. permalink parent award report block reply Wupta PRO 7 points 5 days ago I don’t use Google I use Grok. permalink award report block reply MythArcana 4 points 5 days ago Hey, that's my browser! permalink award report block reply Fuck_Buddy 4 points 5 days ago Maaaan old internet was wild! I miss those days too. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 4 points 5 days ago that must be 2004.... or there abouts... permalink award report block reply Deplorable556 5 points 5 days ago yeah webprint lol must have been before the .pdf days permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 6 points 5 days ago I do remember google beta....  it was just insane - coming from yahoo and Altavista and AskJeeves and Hotbot etc...  but it has been unusable for 15 years. permalink parent award report block reply glasscrawler 1 points 5 days ago PDFs have been around since the 90s. I think the webprint ad is for getting digital photo prints. permalink parent award report block reply MathletesFoot 2 points 5 days ago No one remembers when Twitter was based and free, either. permalink award report block reply MIpon2 2 points 5 days ago 😂😂😂😂 Thanks. . . I needed a good laugh!👍🏼 permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 5 days ago Google went full retard at the precise moment when it started chasing version numbers on its releases of the Chrome browser. permalink award report block reply PunishedSnek 2 points 5 days ago Is we getting nostalgic? permalink award report block reply bumpman 1 points 5 days ago I consider google the worst company in America, pure anti-white anti-American anti-truth propaganda that hurt/killed people during the pandemic by deliberately hiding facts and data. I’m not big on some aspects of AI but I’m happy to see it overtake the search function propaganda that google puts out permalink award report block reply Valiazaner 1 points 5 days ago Yeah there was a similar thing for "French Military Victories" It would come back with "Did you mean French Military Defeats?" permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 40 points 5 days ago The sad fate of these corporations. Started by relatively based people that sell out for the big check and their company gets taken over by globalist shitbags. permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 20 points 5 days ago I remember seeing Jack Dorsey on The Joe Rogan podcast with his handler sitting right beside him and speaking for him. Twitter had become a wing of the DNC and had completely censored anybody that disagreed with the narrative. That day introduced a lot of people to Tim Pool who did not hesitate to point out the hypocrisy of Twitter's rules to Jim Dorsey while his lawyer bitch tried to cover for him. Dorsey's  face was just empty like that of a broken man after he's been released from a long incarceration. The man was dead inside and I feel probably horrified at what his own creation had become. I haven't heard a fucking thing about him since he left Twitter and it became X. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 10 points 5 days ago He's a leftist who joined the board of Bluesky for a while. permalink parent award report block reply MatthiasBlack 3 points 5 days ago He's CEO of Block now, the parent company of many familiar fintech companies like Square, Cash App, and Afterpay. He is a lot more quiet politically than he was back when he ran Twitter. permalink parent award report block reply malooch 2 points 5 days ago That Indian chick right? I remember that permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Was that the time Tim Pool schooled them on censorship? permalink parent award report block reply KamalasPenisBreath 2 points 5 days ago And poor her, she had to stop shitting for an hour to have a chat about it permalink parent award report block reply Owmyballz 10 points 5 days ago You mean they did what the Democrat controlled Presidency and CIA told them to do or else they'd end up suiciding themselves with 12 shotgun blasts to the back. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 10 points 5 days ago Larry and Serginwere never based. This was just the tech working as intended based on raw user behavior before they got around to manipulating results. permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 4 points 5 days ago I'm old enough to remember their original motto "Don't be evil"... They dropped that right around the time that Trump announced his run for presidency in early 2015. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 4 points 5 days ago They may not have even been "based". Just normal and not woke. But then again, based really is simply based in reality permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
RusherOfDin 20 points 5 days ago I remember seeing Jack Dorsey on The Joe Rogan podcast with his handler sitting right beside him and speaking for him. Twitter had become a wing of the DNC and had completely censored anybody that disagreed with the narrative. That day introduced a lot of people to Tim Pool who did not hesitate to point out the hypocrisy of Twitter's rules to Jim Dorsey while his lawyer bitch tried to cover for him. Dorsey's  face was just empty like that of a broken man after he's been released from a long incarceration. The man was dead inside and I feel probably horrified at what his own creation had become. I haven't heard a fucking thing about him since he left Twitter and it became X. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 10 points 5 days ago He's a leftist who joined the board of Bluesky for a while. permalink parent award report block reply MatthiasBlack 3 points 5 days ago He's CEO of Block now, the parent company of many familiar fintech companies like Square, Cash App, and Afterpay. He is a lot more quiet politically than he was back when he ran Twitter. permalink parent award report block reply malooch 2 points 5 days ago That Indian chick right? I remember that permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Was that the time Tim Pool schooled them on censorship? permalink parent award report block reply KamalasPenisBreath 2 points 5 days ago And poor her, she had to stop shitting for an hour to have a chat about it permalink parent award report block reply
Agenda47 10 points 5 days ago He's a leftist who joined the board of Bluesky for a while. permalink parent award report block reply
MatthiasBlack 3 points 5 days ago He's CEO of Block now, the parent company of many familiar fintech companies like Square, Cash App, and Afterpay. He is a lot more quiet politically than he was back when he ran Twitter. permalink parent award report block reply
malooch 2 points 5 days ago That Indian chick right? I remember that permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Was that the time Tim Pool schooled them on censorship? permalink parent award report block reply KamalasPenisBreath 2 points 5 days ago And poor her, she had to stop shitting for an hour to have a chat about it permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 5 days ago Was that the time Tim Pool schooled them on censorship? permalink parent award report block reply KamalasPenisBreath 2 points 5 days ago And poor her, she had to stop shitting for an hour to have a chat about it permalink parent award report block reply
KamalasPenisBreath 2 points 5 days ago And poor her, she had to stop shitting for an hour to have a chat about it permalink parent award report block reply
Owmyballz 10 points 5 days ago You mean they did what the Democrat controlled Presidency and CIA told them to do or else they'd end up suiciding themselves with 12 shotgun blasts to the back. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 10 points 5 days ago Larry and Serginwere never based. This was just the tech working as intended based on raw user behavior before they got around to manipulating results. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey 4 points 5 days ago I'm old enough to remember their original motto "Don't be evil"... They dropped that right around the time that Trump announced his run for presidency in early 2015. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 4 points 5 days ago They may not have even been "based". Just normal and not woke. But then again, based really is simply based in reality permalink parent award report block reply
Sythen 21 points 5 days ago Remember when you could do a Google image search for a baboon or something and Michelle Obama's picture would show up? permalink award report block reply
tooanalytical 16 points 5 days ago That's when the algorithm wasn't biased. They originally allowed the algorithm to provide feedback based upon other user's searches, hence joggers stealing cars. permalink award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 11 points 5 days ago I’m old enough to remember when googling “were there White slaves” would actually give you information regarding the Irish slaves and tell you that they were actually treated worse than the black slaves. permalink award report block reply Elencher 10 points 5 days ago For those confused they absolutely were treated worse because they couldn’t be resold. Black slaves were assets that had value. Irish were 100% disposable. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 10 points 5 days ago For those confused they absolutely were treated worse because they couldn’t be resold. Black slaves were assets that had value. Irish were 100% disposable. permalink parent award report block reply
Wupta PRO 7 points 5 days ago I don’t use Google I use Grok. permalink award report block reply
MythArcana 4 points 5 days ago Hey, that's my browser! permalink award report block reply
Fuck_Buddy 4 points 5 days ago Maaaan old internet was wild! I miss those days too. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 4 points 5 days ago that must be 2004.... or there abouts... permalink award report block reply Deplorable556 5 points 5 days ago yeah webprint lol must have been before the .pdf days permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 6 points 5 days ago I do remember google beta....  it was just insane - coming from yahoo and Altavista and AskJeeves and Hotbot etc...  but it has been unusable for 15 years. permalink parent award report block reply glasscrawler 1 points 5 days ago PDFs have been around since the 90s. I think the webprint ad is for getting digital photo prints. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplorable556 5 points 5 days ago yeah webprint lol must have been before the .pdf days permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 6 points 5 days ago I do remember google beta....  it was just insane - coming from yahoo and Altavista and AskJeeves and Hotbot etc...  but it has been unusable for 15 years. permalink parent award report block reply glasscrawler 1 points 5 days ago PDFs have been around since the 90s. I think the webprint ad is for getting digital photo prints. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 6 points 5 days ago I do remember google beta....  it was just insane - coming from yahoo and Altavista and AskJeeves and Hotbot etc...  but it has been unusable for 15 years. permalink parent award report block reply
glasscrawler 1 points 5 days ago PDFs have been around since the 90s. I think the webprint ad is for getting digital photo prints. permalink parent award report block reply
MathletesFoot 2 points 5 days ago No one remembers when Twitter was based and free, either. permalink award report block reply
MIpon2 2 points 5 days ago 😂😂😂😂 Thanks. . . I needed a good laugh!👍🏼 permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 5 days ago Google went full retard at the precise moment when it started chasing version numbers on its releases of the Chrome browser. permalink award report block reply
PunishedSnek 2 points 5 days ago Is we getting nostalgic? permalink award report block reply
bumpman 1 points 5 days ago I consider google the worst company in America, pure anti-white anti-American anti-truth propaganda that hurt/killed people during the pandemic by deliberately hiding facts and data. I’m not big on some aspects of AI but I’m happy to see it overtake the search function propaganda that google puts out permalink award report block reply
Valiazaner 1 points 5 days ago Yeah there was a similar thing for "French Military Victories" It would come back with "Did you mean French Military Defeats?" permalink award report block reply