861 BBC's Director General Tim Davie is resigning,BBC's CEO Director of News Deborah Turness is also resigning. Rupert Lowe MP: This is the start of the end for the BBC licence fee. Make it a subscription service and let the British people decide if they wish to fund such woke insufferable guff. posted 3 days ago by Mr_Rightside 28 comments award share download report block
28 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Mr_Rightside OP 26 points 3 days ago BREAKING: BBC’s Drector General Tim Davie, and the Chief Executive of the news division, Deborah Turness, have RESIGNED after it was revealed that BBC EDITED Trump‘s quotes on January 6th to make it look like Trump was calling for an insurrection. https://x.com/RupertLowe10/status/1987584136924606685 The clip BBC edited, they should 100% lose their broadcasting license after this What BBC edited President Trump to say: We're going to walk down to the Capitol and I'll be there with you. And we fight. We fight like hell. What President Trump actually said: We're going to walk down to the Capitol. And we're going to cheer on our brave Senators and Congressmen and women. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 3 days ago Boycott the BBC! permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 4 points 3 days ago Don’t link to Channel 4 please. It’s BBC Commie AIDS on steroids permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside OP 3 points 3 days ago It was the first video available on the story.  Changed it to a Libs of TikTok link instead. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 19 points 3 days ago resignation is not enough, look at the clip they doctored https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmAygcd-ums permalink award report block reply DickTick PRO 8 points 3 days ago Wtf permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 3 days ago Has to be worth at least $40 million for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply they-see-me-trollin 1 points 2 days ago this.  the standard for defamation in the UK is much lower than the US, because they have no equivalent of the first amendment, especially not anything like the very wide breadth that's afforded against public figures in the US.  while they abolished their criminal defamation, this is plainly a violation of BBC's charter and numerous laws and regulations about impartial reporting.  it was a lie, and they knew it was a lie.  internal memos even admitted they knew it was false and pushed it anyways. but here's the kicker... because they embezzled public funds to do it, and clearly violates the BBC charter, it implicates them for criminal liability under the fraud act of 2006, and for certain people, potentially the crime of official misconduct. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 13 points 3 days ago They will be replaced by Mohamed ibn Jihad and Rawashash Sing permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 6 points 3 days ago Possibly will allow a fat ugly lesbian, a tranny or a pedo homo. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 11 points 3 days ago Don't know why Conservatives and (especially) Reform don't start a campaign for people to leave the BBC and stop paying the license. They could probably cut their revenues in half easily which should be enough to put them under. Then they could pull that pedo statue down. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 3 days ago UK has (had?) A TV tax.  You have no choice...worse than PBS, funded Marxism. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago You can opt out if you're not watching certain kinds of TV. A lot of people might not know that though. I'd imagine that a lot of the left isn't bothering to pay. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRdQXVI1hNg permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 3 points 3 days ago cut their revenues in half This is their annual money they waste. 5.4 billion British pounds, So half, they will still be evil. For a few hundred dollars, can do what BBC News does.  So where does all the other money go? They also announced they will stop broadcasting soon, only go internet. BBC Director-General Tim Davie has revealed a bold national roadmap to phase out traditional broadcast transmissions in the 2030s. That is the guy who was fired. Insane idea. When the war starts, there is no internet. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Few chips too so all the digital broadcasting will quickly become useless. They might be able to keep going on 1/2 of 5.4 billion pounds but I think there's a good chance they're so bloated they would be unable to adapt quickly enough. That's the trap of DEI. You can't cut the dead wood. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 6 points 3 days ago Usaids was subsidizing this propaganda, too. permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 3 days ago Half true. They were subsiding BBC world, that deal with broadcasts internationally, so not this particular piece of propaganda permalink parent award report block reply IM_A_TRIVIAL_PURSUIT 5 points 3 days ago WHEN PEOPLE OF GREAT BRITAIN ARE ASKED ... "WHY ARE YOU REFUSING TO PAY THE BBC LICENCE FEE?" THEY ARE ALL SAYING THE SAME THING .... "I AM NOT PAYING BECAUSE I NOT A PEDOPHILE ENABLER WHO HIDES BEHIND PREDOMINANTLY PAKISTANI MUSLIM PEDOPHILE RAPE GANGS" permalink award report block reply schism 3 points 3 days ago Remember folks DOGE discovered that USAID was funding BBC: https://www.bbc.com/mediaaction/press-release/4-feb-25 permalink award report block reply fat50 1 points 3 days ago Guff? Seriously? Is it too much to say garbage, or trash, or, God forbid, CRAP! Personally, I'd say "such woke commie cunts." permalink award report block reply LandscaperJuan 1 points 3 days ago I'll bet Al-Jazeera does REALLY well in the UK... permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 1 points 3 days ago That's a start.
However, PDJT needs to sue the BBC into oblivion.
Most Brits will support him as they hate the communist propaganda BBC. permalink award report block reply MemeWarsVet 1 points 3 days ago meh It'll get subsidized much like PBS was. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard -6 points 3 days ago What this have to do with America First and MAGA? permalink award report block reply DebbieinDallas 8 points 3 days ago BBC lied about Trump.  Trump called them out, made them apologize, and now the head of BBC has to resign.  So it is related permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 7 points 3 days ago Doctored Trump vid. permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
Mr_Rightside OP 26 points 3 days ago BREAKING: BBC’s Drector General Tim Davie, and the Chief Executive of the news division, Deborah Turness, have RESIGNED after it was revealed that BBC EDITED Trump‘s quotes on January 6th to make it look like Trump was calling for an insurrection. https://x.com/RupertLowe10/status/1987584136924606685 The clip BBC edited, they should 100% lose their broadcasting license after this What BBC edited President Trump to say: We're going to walk down to the Capitol and I'll be there with you. And we fight. We fight like hell. What President Trump actually said: We're going to walk down to the Capitol. And we're going to cheer on our brave Senators and Congressmen and women. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 3 days ago Boycott the BBC! permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 4 points 3 days ago Don’t link to Channel 4 please. It’s BBC Commie AIDS on steroids permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside OP 3 points 3 days ago It was the first video available on the story.  Changed it to a Libs of TikTok link instead. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 6 points 3 days ago Boycott the BBC! permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 4 points 3 days ago Don’t link to Channel 4 please. It’s BBC Commie AIDS on steroids permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside OP 3 points 3 days ago It was the first video available on the story.  Changed it to a Libs of TikTok link instead. permalink parent award report block reply
Mr_Rightside OP 3 points 3 days ago It was the first video available on the story.  Changed it to a Libs of TikTok link instead. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 19 points 3 days ago resignation is not enough, look at the clip they doctored https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmAygcd-ums permalink award report block reply DickTick PRO 8 points 3 days ago Wtf permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 3 days ago Has to be worth at least $40 million for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply they-see-me-trollin 1 points 2 days ago this.  the standard for defamation in the UK is much lower than the US, because they have no equivalent of the first amendment, especially not anything like the very wide breadth that's afforded against public figures in the US.  while they abolished their criminal defamation, this is plainly a violation of BBC's charter and numerous laws and regulations about impartial reporting.  it was a lie, and they knew it was a lie.  internal memos even admitted they knew it was false and pushed it anyways. but here's the kicker... because they embezzled public funds to do it, and clearly violates the BBC charter, it implicates them for criminal liability under the fraud act of 2006, and for certain people, potentially the crime of official misconduct. permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 8 points 3 days ago Wtf permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 5 points 3 days ago Has to be worth at least $40 million for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
they-see-me-trollin 1 points 2 days ago this.  the standard for defamation in the UK is much lower than the US, because they have no equivalent of the first amendment, especially not anything like the very wide breadth that's afforded against public figures in the US.  while they abolished their criminal defamation, this is plainly a violation of BBC's charter and numerous laws and regulations about impartial reporting.  it was a lie, and they knew it was a lie.  internal memos even admitted they knew it was false and pushed it anyways. but here's the kicker... because they embezzled public funds to do it, and clearly violates the BBC charter, it implicates them for criminal liability under the fraud act of 2006, and for certain people, potentially the crime of official misconduct. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 13 points 3 days ago They will be replaced by Mohamed ibn Jihad and Rawashash Sing permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 6 points 3 days ago Possibly will allow a fat ugly lesbian, a tranny or a pedo homo. permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 6 points 3 days ago Possibly will allow a fat ugly lesbian, a tranny or a pedo homo. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 11 points 3 days ago Don't know why Conservatives and (especially) Reform don't start a campaign for people to leave the BBC and stop paying the license. They could probably cut their revenues in half easily which should be enough to put them under. Then they could pull that pedo statue down. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 3 days ago UK has (had?) A TV tax.  You have no choice...worse than PBS, funded Marxism. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago You can opt out if you're not watching certain kinds of TV. A lot of people might not know that though. I'd imagine that a lot of the left isn't bothering to pay. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRdQXVI1hNg permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 3 points 3 days ago cut their revenues in half This is their annual money they waste. 5.4 billion British pounds, So half, they will still be evil. For a few hundred dollars, can do what BBC News does.  So where does all the other money go? They also announced they will stop broadcasting soon, only go internet. BBC Director-General Tim Davie has revealed a bold national roadmap to phase out traditional broadcast transmissions in the 2030s. That is the guy who was fired. Insane idea. When the war starts, there is no internet. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Few chips too so all the digital broadcasting will quickly become useless. They might be able to keep going on 1/2 of 5.4 billion pounds but I think there's a good chance they're so bloated they would be unable to adapt quickly enough. That's the trap of DEI. You can't cut the dead wood. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 5 points 3 days ago UK has (had?) A TV tax.  You have no choice...worse than PBS, funded Marxism. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago You can opt out if you're not watching certain kinds of TV. A lot of people might not know that though. I'd imagine that a lot of the left isn't bothering to pay. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRdQXVI1hNg permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 2 points 3 days ago You can opt out if you're not watching certain kinds of TV. A lot of people might not know that though. I'd imagine that a lot of the left isn't bothering to pay. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRdQXVI1hNg permalink parent award report block reply
magnokor 3 points 3 days ago cut their revenues in half This is their annual money they waste. 5.4 billion British pounds, So half, they will still be evil. For a few hundred dollars, can do what BBC News does.  So where does all the other money go? They also announced they will stop broadcasting soon, only go internet. BBC Director-General Tim Davie has revealed a bold national roadmap to phase out traditional broadcast transmissions in the 2030s. That is the guy who was fired. Insane idea. When the war starts, there is no internet. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Few chips too so all the digital broadcasting will quickly become useless. They might be able to keep going on 1/2 of 5.4 billion pounds but I think there's a good chance they're so bloated they would be unable to adapt quickly enough. That's the trap of DEI. You can't cut the dead wood. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Few chips too so all the digital broadcasting will quickly become useless. They might be able to keep going on 1/2 of 5.4 billion pounds but I think there's a good chance they're so bloated they would be unable to adapt quickly enough. That's the trap of DEI. You can't cut the dead wood. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 6 points 3 days ago Usaids was subsidizing this propaganda, too. permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 3 days ago Half true. They were subsiding BBC world, that deal with broadcasts internationally, so not this particular piece of propaganda permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 5 points 3 days ago Half true. They were subsiding BBC world, that deal with broadcasts internationally, so not this particular piece of propaganda permalink parent award report block reply
IM_A_TRIVIAL_PURSUIT 5 points 3 days ago WHEN PEOPLE OF GREAT BRITAIN ARE ASKED ... "WHY ARE YOU REFUSING TO PAY THE BBC LICENCE FEE?" THEY ARE ALL SAYING THE SAME THING .... "I AM NOT PAYING BECAUSE I NOT A PEDOPHILE ENABLER WHO HIDES BEHIND PREDOMINANTLY PAKISTANI MUSLIM PEDOPHILE RAPE GANGS" permalink award report block reply
schism 3 points 3 days ago Remember folks DOGE discovered that USAID was funding BBC: https://www.bbc.com/mediaaction/press-release/4-feb-25 permalink award report block reply
fat50 1 points 3 days ago Guff? Seriously? Is it too much to say garbage, or trash, or, God forbid, CRAP! Personally, I'd say "such woke commie cunts." permalink award report block reply
LandscaperJuan 1 points 3 days ago I'll bet Al-Jazeera does REALLY well in the UK... permalink award report block reply
Tacitus1963 1 points 3 days ago That's a start.
However, PDJT needs to sue the BBC into oblivion.
Most Brits will support him as they hate the communist propaganda BBC. permalink award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 1 points 3 days ago meh It'll get subsidized much like PBS was. permalink award report block reply
KernalMustard -6 points 3 days ago What this have to do with America First and MAGA? permalink award report block reply DebbieinDallas 8 points 3 days ago BBC lied about Trump.  Trump called them out, made them apologize, and now the head of BBC has to resign.  So it is related permalink parent award report block reply MemeWarsVet 7 points 3 days ago Doctored Trump vid. permalink parent award report block reply
DebbieinDallas 8 points 3 days ago BBC lied about Trump.  Trump called them out, made them apologize, and now the head of BBC has to resign.  So it is related permalink parent award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 7 points 3 days ago Doctored Trump vid. permalink parent award report block reply
Deportthemall23 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply