28 WHAT I PICTURE when I see doomers here abandoning Trump over a few missteps.... posted 5 hours ago by redditadminssuckit 9 comments award share download report block
9 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Nezmith 12 points 5 hours ago A few? permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit OP -1 points 5 hours ago Give me a list of his missteps and I'll give you a list twice as long of his successes. Are you going to support him or not? Is he supposed to be perfect? permalink parent award report block reply Nezmith 9 points 4 hours ago Red flag laws, 'legal' immigration that will permanently destroy this country's demographics, Epstein list, told MAGA to 'stop supporting him' if they wanted to see punishments for pedos, 'best friends' with our worst enemies and won't press prosecutions (e.g. Hillary Clinton, Ghislaine, Graham, Bill Gates, Zuckercuck), unquestioning support of WW3 with Russia via Ukraine, unquestioning support of Israel, refusing to come down on Democrat lawmakers and politicians for murderous rhetoric, refusing to implement measures that would safeguard our future from the next (probably Democrat) presidential term, pushing COVID vaccines, refusing to deport prominent Democrat politicians despite promises to do so/shady immigration status (Ilhan Omar/Zohran Mamdani), allowing Islam to spread unfettered, constantly pushing our debt UPWARDS while claiming to be interested in eliminating it, not placing America FIRST when it comes to monetary expenditures in a worsening debt crisis, the list goes on We've already seen one term. You KNOW how easily EVERYTHING he has done so far will be written away and reversed. If he damages the country further with these actions, what will be his legacy? If there is no recognizable country left after the four years, what does it matter if there was an incredible and massive list of so-called 'good things'? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 4 points 4 hours ago You can support him without supporting every thing he does. If you want a cult, you can join the left. permalink parent award report block reply General_Specific 8 points 5 hours ago "a few missteps".... ? Even ONE anti-maga position is too many. I still support him , for now.. but he is royally fucking up. permalink award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 6 points 5 hours ago You using this picture in this manner makes me physically ill.  Everyone of you have the same "HellofellowMAGAkids" fucking screen name too.  It's all so tiresome. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 6 points 4 hours ago Meh.  We have concerns and are voicing them.  Responses like your's reminds me of the miggers who call anyone not defending the Mazel Tov Line a Nazi. permalink award report block reply MacGordon 1 points 2 hours ago Appropriate. permalink award report block reply
Nezmith 12 points 5 hours ago A few? permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit OP -1 points 5 hours ago Give me a list of his missteps and I'll give you a list twice as long of his successes. Are you going to support him or not? Is he supposed to be perfect? permalink parent award report block reply Nezmith 9 points 4 hours ago Red flag laws, 'legal' immigration that will permanently destroy this country's demographics, Epstein list, told MAGA to 'stop supporting him' if they wanted to see punishments for pedos, 'best friends' with our worst enemies and won't press prosecutions (e.g. Hillary Clinton, Ghislaine, Graham, Bill Gates, Zuckercuck), unquestioning support of WW3 with Russia via Ukraine, unquestioning support of Israel, refusing to come down on Democrat lawmakers and politicians for murderous rhetoric, refusing to implement measures that would safeguard our future from the next (probably Democrat) presidential term, pushing COVID vaccines, refusing to deport prominent Democrat politicians despite promises to do so/shady immigration status (Ilhan Omar/Zohran Mamdani), allowing Islam to spread unfettered, constantly pushing our debt UPWARDS while claiming to be interested in eliminating it, not placing America FIRST when it comes to monetary expenditures in a worsening debt crisis, the list goes on We've already seen one term. You KNOW how easily EVERYTHING he has done so far will be written away and reversed. If he damages the country further with these actions, what will be his legacy? If there is no recognizable country left after the four years, what does it matter if there was an incredible and massive list of so-called 'good things'? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 4 points 4 hours ago You can support him without supporting every thing he does. If you want a cult, you can join the left. permalink parent award report block reply
redditadminssuckit OP -1 points 5 hours ago Give me a list of his missteps and I'll give you a list twice as long of his successes. Are you going to support him or not? Is he supposed to be perfect? permalink parent award report block reply Nezmith 9 points 4 hours ago Red flag laws, 'legal' immigration that will permanently destroy this country's demographics, Epstein list, told MAGA to 'stop supporting him' if they wanted to see punishments for pedos, 'best friends' with our worst enemies and won't press prosecutions (e.g. Hillary Clinton, Ghislaine, Graham, Bill Gates, Zuckercuck), unquestioning support of WW3 with Russia via Ukraine, unquestioning support of Israel, refusing to come down on Democrat lawmakers and politicians for murderous rhetoric, refusing to implement measures that would safeguard our future from the next (probably Democrat) presidential term, pushing COVID vaccines, refusing to deport prominent Democrat politicians despite promises to do so/shady immigration status (Ilhan Omar/Zohran Mamdani), allowing Islam to spread unfettered, constantly pushing our debt UPWARDS while claiming to be interested in eliminating it, not placing America FIRST when it comes to monetary expenditures in a worsening debt crisis, the list goes on We've already seen one term. You KNOW how easily EVERYTHING he has done so far will be written away and reversed. If he damages the country further with these actions, what will be his legacy? If there is no recognizable country left after the four years, what does it matter if there was an incredible and massive list of so-called 'good things'? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 4 points 4 hours ago You can support him without supporting every thing he does. If you want a cult, you can join the left. permalink parent award report block reply
Nezmith 9 points 4 hours ago Red flag laws, 'legal' immigration that will permanently destroy this country's demographics, Epstein list, told MAGA to 'stop supporting him' if they wanted to see punishments for pedos, 'best friends' with our worst enemies and won't press prosecutions (e.g. Hillary Clinton, Ghislaine, Graham, Bill Gates, Zuckercuck), unquestioning support of WW3 with Russia via Ukraine, unquestioning support of Israel, refusing to come down on Democrat lawmakers and politicians for murderous rhetoric, refusing to implement measures that would safeguard our future from the next (probably Democrat) presidential term, pushing COVID vaccines, refusing to deport prominent Democrat politicians despite promises to do so/shady immigration status (Ilhan Omar/Zohran Mamdani), allowing Islam to spread unfettered, constantly pushing our debt UPWARDS while claiming to be interested in eliminating it, not placing America FIRST when it comes to monetary expenditures in a worsening debt crisis, the list goes on We've already seen one term. You KNOW how easily EVERYTHING he has done so far will be written away and reversed. If he damages the country further with these actions, what will be his legacy? If there is no recognizable country left after the four years, what does it matter if there was an incredible and massive list of so-called 'good things'? permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder 4 points 4 hours ago You can support him without supporting every thing he does. If you want a cult, you can join the left. permalink parent award report block reply
General_Specific 8 points 5 hours ago "a few missteps".... ? Even ONE anti-maga position is too many. I still support him , for now.. but he is royally fucking up. permalink award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 6 points 5 hours ago You using this picture in this manner makes me physically ill.  Everyone of you have the same "HellofellowMAGAkids" fucking screen name too.  It's all so tiresome. permalink award report block reply
Datamancer 6 points 4 hours ago Meh.  We have concerns and are voicing them.  Responses like your's reminds me of the miggers who call anyone not defending the Mazel Tov Line a Nazi. permalink award report block reply
MacGordon 1 points 2 hours ago Appropriate. permalink award report block reply