92 Whitepill posted 18 hours ago by hisnamewasjeffTwo 20 comments award share download report block
20 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save JoeMcCarthyWasRight 27 points 18 hours ago Trump just shit on the same people who got him elected for H1Bs. permalink award report block reply Crucible 22 points 16 hours ago • 50 Year Mortgages • 600,000 Chinese Students • ISIS In The White House • A Higher CPI Than This Time Last Year • Bombing Iran • Crackdown On Free Speech • No Mass Deportation • H1B's • Funding Ukraine War • MIGA • Attacks Americans - Defends Foreigners • $38,000,000,000,000 Debt • Stagflation permalink award report block reply Leporidae 8 points 13 hours ago Low-effort deportations not even keeping pace with the rate illegal immigrants are breeding. 43 million households on EBT. No-go zones of rampant black crime. Antifa terrorizing cities and getting away with it. Every member of congress having an AIPAC handler except the two the media smears. Epstein files? Are you guys not over that yet?  Oi vey. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp -12 points 16 hours ago LOL, are you in Elgin, or Muslim, or "intelligence", or just a deranged Reddit moderator? Whatever, you suck at it. permalink parent award report block reply Crucible 9 points 16 hours ago You have failed to reply with a salient rebuttal. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 7 points 16 hours ago are you able to prove him wrong? permalink parent award report block reply MeMargie 18 points 18 hours ago Waiting on Justice. permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 15 points 18 hours ago We're dooming because the reality is THE TRUMP ECONOMY SUCKS BALLS permalink award report block reply julianReyes -11 points 17 hours ago we're doom Stopped reading there, because if you've even believed one word you're writing you would have died for Pissrael already. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 12 points 16 hours ago How about the fact that democrats cheated YET AGAIN and we have no ability to do anything about it? permalink award report block reply lixa 11 points 16 hours ago We don't control Congress RINOs do. And they have not passed Trump's agenda. We are dealing with a voting population with close to zero attention span and an addiction to instant gratification. permalink award report block reply Shih_Tabed 10 points 16 hours ago The H1-B thing is going to sting. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 9 points 16 hours ago Then why is nothing getting done? Closing the border is the only thing Trump 2 did well. permalink award report block reply linereddit 8 points 16 hours ago Arrests. Charges. Idictments. Trials. Convictions. Sentences. Incarcerations. permalink award report block reply GetWokeGetBr0ke 5 points 15 hours ago Pretty sure upvotes are being botted to push a certain "greatest ally" narrative. Comments are proving real MAGA aren't happy. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 5 points 17 hours ago We aren’t saying things haven’t gotten better in the past year.  The concern is that the items listed can and likely will be undone if elections aren’t fortified and made transparent, non-citizens aren’t excluded from congressional apportionment, and the primacy of US citizens isn’t explicitly enshrined in law before the swamp regains full control. permalink award report block reply SnowSnake 4 points 13 hours ago Arresting, trying, AND executing traitors. Fixing voting with One day to vote, Voter I.D., and paper ballots, no machines connected to the internet. Gasoline is only 1 cent lower than this time last year, etc. permalink award report block reply Fourmoretrumps 4 points 16 hours ago The eternal grift permalink award report block reply dres3 2 points 17 hours ago During Biden's time, how much went to shit? permalink award report block reply oppressiondncwef -1 points 18 hours ago crush THE FABRICATIONS. permalink award report block reply Boomstikchik -7 points 18 hours ago I'm not dooming. I'm blooming. Best it's been in four years! permalink award report block reply Trump2020or4eva 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 27 points 18 hours ago Trump just shit on the same people who got him elected for H1Bs. permalink award report block reply
Crucible 22 points 16 hours ago • 50 Year Mortgages • 600,000 Chinese Students • ISIS In The White House • A Higher CPI Than This Time Last Year • Bombing Iran • Crackdown On Free Speech • No Mass Deportation • H1B's • Funding Ukraine War • MIGA • Attacks Americans - Defends Foreigners • $38,000,000,000,000 Debt • Stagflation permalink award report block reply Leporidae 8 points 13 hours ago Low-effort deportations not even keeping pace with the rate illegal immigrants are breeding. 43 million households on EBT. No-go zones of rampant black crime. Antifa terrorizing cities and getting away with it. Every member of congress having an AIPAC handler except the two the media smears. Epstein files? Are you guys not over that yet?  Oi vey. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp -12 points 16 hours ago LOL, are you in Elgin, or Muslim, or "intelligence", or just a deranged Reddit moderator? Whatever, you suck at it. permalink parent award report block reply Crucible 9 points 16 hours ago You have failed to reply with a salient rebuttal. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 7 points 16 hours ago are you able to prove him wrong? permalink parent award report block reply
Leporidae 8 points 13 hours ago Low-effort deportations not even keeping pace with the rate illegal immigrants are breeding. 43 million households on EBT. No-go zones of rampant black crime. Antifa terrorizing cities and getting away with it. Every member of congress having an AIPAC handler except the two the media smears. Epstein files? Are you guys not over that yet?  Oi vey. permalink parent award report block reply
grassshrimp -12 points 16 hours ago LOL, are you in Elgin, or Muslim, or "intelligence", or just a deranged Reddit moderator? Whatever, you suck at it. permalink parent award report block reply Crucible 9 points 16 hours ago You have failed to reply with a salient rebuttal. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 7 points 16 hours ago are you able to prove him wrong? permalink parent award report block reply
Crucible 9 points 16 hours ago You have failed to reply with a salient rebuttal. permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra 7 points 16 hours ago are you able to prove him wrong? permalink parent award report block reply
MeMargie 18 points 18 hours ago Waiting on Justice. permalink award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 15 points 18 hours ago We're dooming because the reality is THE TRUMP ECONOMY SUCKS BALLS permalink award report block reply julianReyes -11 points 17 hours ago we're doom Stopped reading there, because if you've even believed one word you're writing you would have died for Pissrael already. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes -11 points 17 hours ago we're doom Stopped reading there, because if you've even believed one word you're writing you would have died for Pissrael already. permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 12 points 16 hours ago How about the fact that democrats cheated YET AGAIN and we have no ability to do anything about it? permalink award report block reply
lixa 11 points 16 hours ago We don't control Congress RINOs do. And they have not passed Trump's agenda. We are dealing with a voting population with close to zero attention span and an addiction to instant gratification. permalink award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 10 points 16 hours ago The H1-B thing is going to sting. permalink award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 9 points 16 hours ago Then why is nothing getting done? Closing the border is the only thing Trump 2 did well. permalink award report block reply
linereddit 8 points 16 hours ago Arrests. Charges. Idictments. Trials. Convictions. Sentences. Incarcerations. permalink award report block reply
GetWokeGetBr0ke 5 points 15 hours ago Pretty sure upvotes are being botted to push a certain "greatest ally" narrative. Comments are proving real MAGA aren't happy. permalink award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 5 points 17 hours ago We aren’t saying things haven’t gotten better in the past year.  The concern is that the items listed can and likely will be undone if elections aren’t fortified and made transparent, non-citizens aren’t excluded from congressional apportionment, and the primacy of US citizens isn’t explicitly enshrined in law before the swamp regains full control. permalink award report block reply
SnowSnake 4 points 13 hours ago Arresting, trying, AND executing traitors. Fixing voting with One day to vote, Voter I.D., and paper ballots, no machines connected to the internet. Gasoline is only 1 cent lower than this time last year, etc. permalink award report block reply
Fourmoretrumps 4 points 16 hours ago The eternal grift permalink award report block reply
dres3 2 points 17 hours ago During Biden's time, how much went to shit? permalink award report block reply
oppressiondncwef -1 points 18 hours ago crush THE FABRICATIONS. permalink award report block reply
Boomstikchik -7 points 18 hours ago I'm not dooming. I'm blooming. Best it's been in four years! permalink award report block reply
Trump2020or4eva 1 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply