69 TRUMP: “You have to bring in the talent. The talent is just not here in the US” posted 19 hours ago by ShlomoJoe 64 comments award share report block Breaking911 @Breaking911 • 22h INGRAHAM: "If you want to raise wages for American workers, you can't flood the country with foreign workers." POTUS: "I agree, but you also do have to bring in talent." INGRAHAM: "We have plenty of talented people here." POTUS: "No, you don't."
64 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save usernamechecksout 29 points 19 hours ago He is not MAGA permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 7 points 18 hours ago Apollo program has entered the chat. There was no Apollo Rocket Talents --- when the program started, permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 1 points 16 hours ago Actually the Apollo program was run by H1B Indians and DEI Black people! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 0 points 17 hours ago That's where you're wrong kiddo. Nazi scientists literally created NASA and the Saturn V 🤣. Without the rockets the Apollo modules would be in the junkyard. permalink parent award report block reply popcultmember 26 points 19 hours ago What. A. Piece. Of. Shit. Fucking backstabbing retard boomer can't keep his foot out of his mouth. permalink award report block reply Schiffblower 22 points 18 hours ago What is wrong with him?? permalink award report block reply Tokens_Worth 12 points 18 hours ago boomer brain permalink parent award report block reply Bruno 17 points 18 hours ago How is this even the same person we’ve been supporting the last decade?? permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 4 points 18 hours ago he's been chipped permalink parent award report block reply Cool_Coolidge 15 points 18 hours ago Cooked. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 13 points 18 hours ago Maybe if he'd clean house and arrest the Antifa degenerates and show there's a price to pay for being a violent Leftard, then maybe some reasonable people could be saved because they'd choose a different course. Maybe get a science degree instead of one in social work. But no... Trump has to lick Israel's ass some more and invite terrorists to the White House while telling us to get 50 year mortgages. permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 12 points 18 hours ago The talent argument is totally retarded. Trump and other billionaires only care about one thing - getting cheap slave labor instead of paying a fair wage to Americans. permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago There is no evidence that H1B workers are paid less than American workers but it's a fact that the majority of billionaires donate to, endorse and vote exclusively for Democrats. Perhaps that's because they are the ones who are actually importing cheap slave labor. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -2 points 17 hours ago This is another post that is obviously a brigade operation by Reddit and Democrats with Nick Fuentes types allied with the Dems. So typical. It's like the same exact usernames I see in the other brigade posts. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -2 points 17 hours ago Correct. The mods here are cucks. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 17 hours ago The only thing Trump has said or done in his 2nd term that I completely disagree with him on and think would be worthy to whine over is his support for 600,000 Chicom student visas per year. This H1B bitching doesn't even make sense. Our country has sent jobs and tech know-how to China and India and other countries for the past 40+ years so our country is now a "service economy" meaning no manufacturing capability. I think what Trump says makes sense even though I think the situation sucks and hope he means that we also train young Americans to do manufacturing work and those foreigners go back home. Also, Gen Z faggots never supported Trump and these brigaders keep LARPing like they ever supported Trump or were conservative and now they are "turning" on Trump. Their idea of solutions that they are requesting Trump to do is to do socialist bullshit price controls for food, healthcare, and houses. Fuck Gen Z's demands to Trump to start doing socialism. Gen Z is like 80% socialist. Always have been. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Warp9 11 points 18 hours ago If Silicon Valley was in India I might believe him. permalink award report block reply getup 10 points 18 hours ago Pathetic permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 10 points 18 hours ago What a fucking idiotic thing to say, Trump permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 8 points 18 hours ago The scary thing is what if Trump really believes what he is saying.  Is he really this clueless? permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 5 points 18 hours ago Or his inner circle is lying to him on purpose permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 4 points 16 hours ago Or both. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 2 points 15 hours ago Thats a cop out. Sorry but one minute he a stable genius cant stump the trump. But now he being lied too? Come on Trump is not dumb were some low IQ republican can just make him say shit. permalink parent award report block reply GetWokeGetBr0ke 2 points 15 hours ago He is just vibing with everyone Israel appointed for him. permalink parent award report block reply tuaris 6 points 18 hours ago I know where the problem is.  There's a disagreement on what 'talent' means.  What do you all think a 'talented' person is? When I think of talent, I think of people like Albert Einstein, Nikola Tesla, Elon Musk, Wernher von Braun, etc...  People who are exceptionally brilliant.  You'd want those people here in the USA. Not some mid-level web designer from India or eastern Europe who call themselves a software engineer. permalink award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago There are special visas for geniuses h1b is quite literally for non genius unskilled labor permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 6 points 18 hours ago People that understand the Epstein case are looking at the people (rightfully) losing their shit over this and saying "FIRST TIME?" permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 6 points 16 hours ago Yeah you have to actually train people, except Americans cant get their foot in the door aince companies require impossible credentials specifically so they can claim there are no qualified Americans in order to pay a foreigner less. Fuck trump. permalink award report block reply Pickinpox 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly and zero fucking pajeets have any experience other than working in a scam call center. Some of those street shitters sure can turn a beat up olive oil tin back to perfect though. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 5 points 15 hours ago I don't know what happened to Marjorie. She's a nice woman, but I don't know what happened," the president replied. "She's lost her way, I think. But I have to view the presidency as a worldwide situation, not locally." -Trump he is cooked. Singing the false song of globalism. permalink award report block reply GetWokeGetBr0ke 3 points 15 hours ago RIP MAGA permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 4 points 15 hours ago MAGA not dead. We put Trump into power we can put someone else there in 2028. But we need to start looking passed Trump. He is cooked. permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Damn right! MAGA is a mission not a man. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 17 hours ago This is true to an extent we get a lot of talent from Israeli startups and defense technicians.  Also
Russians who have some
Of the best hacking reverse engineering and decryption skills.   However, there’s also a mass amount of layoffs in tech  from employers hiring H one B for skills we do have here.  And those industries are the ones you want to keep tabs on.
What Republicans need to know is that there’s no right or wrong answer all the time.  There’s no perfect system in place that’s just going to magically fix things and keep it running automatically .  Being conservative does not absolve a leader from being actively monitoring the life of the nation.  So the answer is just do both.  Control H1B is in tech but allow in defense for example.  Let Lockheed Martin pick engineers for new propulsion systems from the best people in the world.  But don’t let Microsoft layoff American positions and rehire the same
Positions h1b.  The best system is adaptive like a thermostat.  And when it’s not adapting fast enought there’s going to be fighting. permalink award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago There are laws literally barring companies to hire foreigners to work in areas like defense permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -5 points 17 hours ago Then maybe stormfags and faggot millennials should learn to work their way up instead of bitching about their problems and projecting their insecurities onto us. Go to college and get educated, don't get those woke underwater basket weaving degrees. Go pursue STEM degrees and get yourself an engineering internship. Not that fucking hard. But instead faggy millennials and zoomers never grew up. They would rather bitch about their problems due to their laziness and blame Trump for their problems. They prefer to watch their gay cartoons from China and masturbate to video games all day long. Maybe if millennials and zoomers weren't so gay they would understand why they're being replaced and why legal immigrants like H-1B's are more MAGA then they are. They deserve to be where they are due to their apathy. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 3 points 16 hours ago You are indeed gay.
What is your issue with Illegals then? permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 16 hours ago Shut the fuck up street shitter, you'll never be American. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 15 hours ago Go fuck yourself Nazi stormfag. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago wahhh wahh nazis wahh. you really are a fag permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 0 points 4 hours ago Sieg heil faggot permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Can't get into college when they're only looking to admit foreigners, cant get a job when they're only looking to hire foreigners. So no its not a "just stop being lazy" scenario when the entire system is looking to kick you out of it in favor of cheap slave labor from people who are too stupid to understand they're slaves. permalink parent award report block reply 1776Widowmaker -5 points 19 hours ago I hate these aha got you moments. permalink award report block reply usernamechecksout 13 points 19 hours ago You mean burden of proof moments where you make a statement and then must back it up with evidence? permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead -7 points 19 hours ago What he was saying is that these people have been manufacturing these priducts (battaries) and have the know-how to do it.  And while he welcomes the manufacturer back to the US, they need to bring workers with that know-how with them to keep producing said battaries, and they can train others. Its like us opening a Ford dealership in Zimbabwe.  They dont build cars, so we'd need to send proven workers with knowledge to go and work/train. permalink award report block reply PaladinMk12 12 points 18 hours ago Yeah man, we're just like Zimbabwe. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago ugga ugga permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 1 points 11 hours ago We are when it comes to building missle battaries.  Blame the people who outsourced it to begin with.  Its a bad look for sure, and he could have been more tactful. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 4 hours ago Complains about the education system failing the people for decades. Surprised when the president points out we currently may need some specialized talent coming from other education systems. permalink parent award report block reply Farmcatarmy 5 points 18 hours ago Then make them train us and deport (the total opposite of what is happening now)seriously Obama sick of orange man permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 4 points 17 hours ago When synthetic rubber was just a pipe dream, did we have to bring over Indians and Chinese to run our first factories? Hell no. Some subject matter experts from across OUR country moved into town and for the vast majority of positions, Billy Bob learned enough chemistry on the fly to make himself useful. Matter of fact, I briefly worked in our first rubber plant a few years back. You have any idea how many workers there were 3rd generation? Followed in their dad’s and grandads footsteps to keep tires on American cars? permalink parent award report block reply Schiffblower 4 points 18 hours ago Except that’s not what he said. People are going to see this clip and he and the Republican Party are absolutely fucked in 2026. All they have to do is play this on repeat permalink parent award report block reply Farmcatarmy 12 points 18 hours ago Any defense of h1-b’s..especially right now is playing into the globalists hands..he might as well suck off George soros while he’s at it..sucking the cock if those who wanted to imprison/kill you is unbelievable permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago Then why not quote him directly and in entirety? Why change what he said and leave out the context? Oh, right, because you're reaching real hard here. permalink parent award report block reply Schiffblower 0 points 9 hours ago Ok listen up again, you total and complete faggot: Watch that clip. Now after you watch it, explain to me how millions of people have the time or patience to go back and watch the interview again. Now, re-dread my comment you fucking cum-guzzling ass hat permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 7 hours ago I watched the clip. The quote in the title is fake and the quotes in the thread and misleading and out of context. The video is also cut short before he can answer the follow up question. You're a faggot and your gaslighting isn't working outside of this website. It's not working on here, either, which is why you and your fellow faggots have to bot all the comments. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 0 points 12 hours ago Listen to the entire interview.  He says exactly that. permalink parent award report block reply Pickinpox 1 points 5 hours ago Could have easily just sent supervisor people to Korea to learn to build them. Very simple to do. These aren't jobs that were outsourced either, they created the jobs and plants. It's absolutely not maga. I wouldn't be surprised if it was part of the DEAL to get them here in the first place... permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied -8 points 19 hours ago Dubbed? Fake? Do the lip movements line up with the words? permalink award report block reply Zhongda 22 points 19 hours ago The copium is done, fren.  Sorry but you need to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply
usernamechecksout 29 points 19 hours ago He is not MAGA permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 7 points 18 hours ago Apollo program has entered the chat. There was no Apollo Rocket Talents --- when the program started, permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 1 points 16 hours ago Actually the Apollo program was run by H1B Indians and DEI Black people! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 0 points 17 hours ago That's where you're wrong kiddo. Nazi scientists literally created NASA and the Saturn V 🤣. Without the rockets the Apollo modules would be in the junkyard. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 7 points 18 hours ago Apollo program has entered the chat. There was no Apollo Rocket Talents --- when the program started, permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 1 points 16 hours ago Actually the Apollo program was run by H1B Indians and DEI Black people! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 0 points 17 hours ago That's where you're wrong kiddo. Nazi scientists literally created NASA and the Saturn V 🤣. Without the rockets the Apollo modules would be in the junkyard. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 1 points 16 hours ago Actually the Apollo program was run by H1B Indians and DEI Black people! permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 0 points 17 hours ago That's where you're wrong kiddo. Nazi scientists literally created NASA and the Saturn V 🤣. Without the rockets the Apollo modules would be in the junkyard. permalink parent award report block reply
popcultmember 26 points 19 hours ago What. A. Piece. Of. Shit. Fucking backstabbing retard boomer can't keep his foot out of his mouth. permalink award report block reply
Schiffblower 22 points 18 hours ago What is wrong with him?? permalink award report block reply Tokens_Worth 12 points 18 hours ago boomer brain permalink parent award report block reply
Tokens_Worth 12 points 18 hours ago boomer brain permalink parent award report block reply
Bruno 17 points 18 hours ago How is this even the same person we’ve been supporting the last decade?? permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 4 points 18 hours ago he's been chipped permalink parent award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 4 points 18 hours ago he's been chipped permalink parent award report block reply
Cool_Coolidge 15 points 18 hours ago Cooked. permalink award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 13 points 18 hours ago Maybe if he'd clean house and arrest the Antifa degenerates and show there's a price to pay for being a violent Leftard, then maybe some reasonable people could be saved because they'd choose a different course. Maybe get a science degree instead of one in social work. But no... Trump has to lick Israel's ass some more and invite terrorists to the White House while telling us to get 50 year mortgages. permalink award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 12 points 18 hours ago The talent argument is totally retarded. Trump and other billionaires only care about one thing - getting cheap slave labor instead of paying a fair wage to Americans. permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago There is no evidence that H1B workers are paid less than American workers but it's a fact that the majority of billionaires donate to, endorse and vote exclusively for Democrats. Perhaps that's because they are the ones who are actually importing cheap slave labor. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -2 points 17 hours ago This is another post that is obviously a brigade operation by Reddit and Democrats with Nick Fuentes types allied with the Dems. So typical. It's like the same exact usernames I see in the other brigade posts. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -2 points 17 hours ago Correct. The mods here are cucks. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 17 hours ago The only thing Trump has said or done in his 2nd term that I completely disagree with him on and think would be worthy to whine over is his support for 600,000 Chicom student visas per year. This H1B bitching doesn't even make sense. Our country has sent jobs and tech know-how to China and India and other countries for the past 40+ years so our country is now a "service economy" meaning no manufacturing capability. I think what Trump says makes sense even though I think the situation sucks and hope he means that we also train young Americans to do manufacturing work and those foreigners go back home. Also, Gen Z faggots never supported Trump and these brigaders keep LARPing like they ever supported Trump or were conservative and now they are "turning" on Trump. Their idea of solutions that they are requesting Trump to do is to do socialist bullshit price controls for food, healthcare, and houses. Fuck Gen Z's demands to Trump to start doing socialism. Gen Z is like 80% socialist. Always have been. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago There is no evidence that H1B workers are paid less than American workers but it's a fact that the majority of billionaires donate to, endorse and vote exclusively for Democrats. Perhaps that's because they are the ones who are actually importing cheap slave labor. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -2 points 17 hours ago This is another post that is obviously a brigade operation by Reddit and Democrats with Nick Fuentes types allied with the Dems. So typical. It's like the same exact usernames I see in the other brigade posts. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -2 points 17 hours ago Correct. The mods here are cucks. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 17 hours ago The only thing Trump has said or done in his 2nd term that I completely disagree with him on and think would be worthy to whine over is his support for 600,000 Chicom student visas per year. This H1B bitching doesn't even make sense. Our country has sent jobs and tech know-how to China and India and other countries for the past 40+ years so our country is now a "service economy" meaning no manufacturing capability. I think what Trump says makes sense even though I think the situation sucks and hope he means that we also train young Americans to do manufacturing work and those foreigners go back home. Also, Gen Z faggots never supported Trump and these brigaders keep LARPing like they ever supported Trump or were conservative and now they are "turning" on Trump. Their idea of solutions that they are requesting Trump to do is to do socialist bullshit price controls for food, healthcare, and houses. Fuck Gen Z's demands to Trump to start doing socialism. Gen Z is like 80% socialist. Always have been. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
possibletower -2 points 17 hours ago This is another post that is obviously a brigade operation by Reddit and Democrats with Nick Fuentes types allied with the Dems. So typical. It's like the same exact usernames I see in the other brigade posts. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -2 points 17 hours ago Correct. The mods here are cucks. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 17 hours ago The only thing Trump has said or done in his 2nd term that I completely disagree with him on and think would be worthy to whine over is his support for 600,000 Chicom student visas per year. This H1B bitching doesn't even make sense. Our country has sent jobs and tech know-how to China and India and other countries for the past 40+ years so our country is now a "service economy" meaning no manufacturing capability. I think what Trump says makes sense even though I think the situation sucks and hope he means that we also train young Americans to do manufacturing work and those foreigners go back home. Also, Gen Z faggots never supported Trump and these brigaders keep LARPing like they ever supported Trump or were conservative and now they are "turning" on Trump. Their idea of solutions that they are requesting Trump to do is to do socialist bullshit price controls for food, healthcare, and houses. Fuck Gen Z's demands to Trump to start doing socialism. Gen Z is like 80% socialist. Always have been. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
berserkerbarrage -2 points 17 hours ago Correct. The mods here are cucks. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 17 hours ago The only thing Trump has said or done in his 2nd term that I completely disagree with him on and think would be worthy to whine over is his support for 600,000 Chicom student visas per year. This H1B bitching doesn't even make sense. Our country has sent jobs and tech know-how to China and India and other countries for the past 40+ years so our country is now a "service economy" meaning no manufacturing capability. I think what Trump says makes sense even though I think the situation sucks and hope he means that we also train young Americans to do manufacturing work and those foreigners go back home. Also, Gen Z faggots never supported Trump and these brigaders keep LARPing like they ever supported Trump or were conservative and now they are "turning" on Trump. Their idea of solutions that they are requesting Trump to do is to do socialist bullshit price controls for food, healthcare, and houses. Fuck Gen Z's demands to Trump to start doing socialism. Gen Z is like 80% socialist. Always have been. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
possibletower -1 points 17 hours ago The only thing Trump has said or done in his 2nd term that I completely disagree with him on and think would be worthy to whine over is his support for 600,000 Chicom student visas per year. This H1B bitching doesn't even make sense. Our country has sent jobs and tech know-how to China and India and other countries for the past 40+ years so our country is now a "service economy" meaning no manufacturing capability. I think what Trump says makes sense even though I think the situation sucks and hope he means that we also train young Americans to do manufacturing work and those foreigners go back home. Also, Gen Z faggots never supported Trump and these brigaders keep LARPing like they ever supported Trump or were conservative and now they are "turning" on Trump. Their idea of solutions that they are requesting Trump to do is to do socialist bullshit price controls for food, healthcare, and houses. Fuck Gen Z's demands to Trump to start doing socialism. Gen Z is like 80% socialist. Always have been. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Warp9 11 points 18 hours ago If Silicon Valley was in India I might believe him. permalink award report block reply
getup 10 points 18 hours ago Pathetic permalink award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 10 points 18 hours ago What a fucking idiotic thing to say, Trump permalink award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 8 points 18 hours ago The scary thing is what if Trump really believes what he is saying.  Is he really this clueless? permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 5 points 18 hours ago Or his inner circle is lying to him on purpose permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 4 points 16 hours ago Or both. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 2 points 15 hours ago Thats a cop out. Sorry but one minute he a stable genius cant stump the trump. But now he being lied too? Come on Trump is not dumb were some low IQ republican can just make him say shit. permalink parent award report block reply GetWokeGetBr0ke 2 points 15 hours ago He is just vibing with everyone Israel appointed for him. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 5 points 18 hours ago Or his inner circle is lying to him on purpose permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 4 points 16 hours ago Or both. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 2 points 15 hours ago Thats a cop out. Sorry but one minute he a stable genius cant stump the trump. But now he being lied too? Come on Trump is not dumb were some low IQ republican can just make him say shit. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 4 points 16 hours ago Or both. permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 2 points 15 hours ago Thats a cop out. Sorry but one minute he a stable genius cant stump the trump. But now he being lied too? Come on Trump is not dumb were some low IQ republican can just make him say shit. permalink parent award report block reply
GetWokeGetBr0ke 2 points 15 hours ago He is just vibing with everyone Israel appointed for him. permalink parent award report block reply
tuaris 6 points 18 hours ago I know where the problem is.  There's a disagreement on what 'talent' means.  What do you all think a 'talented' person is? When I think of talent, I think of people like Albert Einstein, Nikola Tesla, Elon Musk, Wernher von Braun, etc...  People who are exceptionally brilliant.  You'd want those people here in the USA. Not some mid-level web designer from India or eastern Europe who call themselves a software engineer. permalink award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago There are special visas for geniuses h1b is quite literally for non genius unskilled labor permalink parent award report block reply
BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago There are special visas for geniuses h1b is quite literally for non genius unskilled labor permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 6 points 18 hours ago People that understand the Epstein case are looking at the people (rightfully) losing their shit over this and saying "FIRST TIME?" permalink award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 6 points 16 hours ago Yeah you have to actually train people, except Americans cant get their foot in the door aince companies require impossible credentials specifically so they can claim there are no qualified Americans in order to pay a foreigner less. Fuck trump. permalink award report block reply Pickinpox 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly and zero fucking pajeets have any experience other than working in a scam call center. Some of those street shitters sure can turn a beat up olive oil tin back to perfect though. permalink parent award report block reply
Pickinpox 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly and zero fucking pajeets have any experience other than working in a scam call center. Some of those street shitters sure can turn a beat up olive oil tin back to perfect though. permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 5 points 15 hours ago I don't know what happened to Marjorie. She's a nice woman, but I don't know what happened," the president replied. "She's lost her way, I think. But I have to view the presidency as a worldwide situation, not locally." -Trump he is cooked. Singing the false song of globalism. permalink award report block reply
GetWokeGetBr0ke 3 points 15 hours ago RIP MAGA permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 4 points 15 hours ago MAGA not dead. We put Trump into power we can put someone else there in 2028. But we need to start looking passed Trump. He is cooked. permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Damn right! MAGA is a mission not a man. permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 4 points 15 hours ago MAGA not dead. We put Trump into power we can put someone else there in 2028. But we need to start looking passed Trump. He is cooked. permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Damn right! MAGA is a mission not a man. permalink parent award report block reply
BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Damn right! MAGA is a mission not a man. permalink parent award report block reply
cardinaldrones 1 points 17 hours ago This is true to an extent we get a lot of talent from Israeli startups and defense technicians.  Also
Russians who have some
Of the best hacking reverse engineering and decryption skills.   However, there’s also a mass amount of layoffs in tech  from employers hiring H one B for skills we do have here.  And those industries are the ones you want to keep tabs on.
What Republicans need to know is that there’s no right or wrong answer all the time.  There’s no perfect system in place that’s just going to magically fix things and keep it running automatically .  Being conservative does not absolve a leader from being actively monitoring the life of the nation.  So the answer is just do both.  Control H1B is in tech but allow in defense for example.  Let Lockheed Martin pick engineers for new propulsion systems from the best people in the world.  But don’t let Microsoft layoff American positions and rehire the same
Positions h1b.  The best system is adaptive like a thermostat.  And when it’s not adapting fast enought there’s going to be fighting. permalink award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago There are laws literally barring companies to hire foreigners to work in areas like defense permalink parent award report block reply
BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago There are laws literally barring companies to hire foreigners to work in areas like defense permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -5 points 17 hours ago Then maybe stormfags and faggot millennials should learn to work their way up instead of bitching about their problems and projecting their insecurities onto us. Go to college and get educated, don't get those woke underwater basket weaving degrees. Go pursue STEM degrees and get yourself an engineering internship. Not that fucking hard. But instead faggy millennials and zoomers never grew up. They would rather bitch about their problems due to their laziness and blame Trump for their problems. They prefer to watch their gay cartoons from China and masturbate to video games all day long. Maybe if millennials and zoomers weren't so gay they would understand why they're being replaced and why legal immigrants like H-1B's are more MAGA then they are. They deserve to be where they are due to their apathy. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 3 points 16 hours ago You are indeed gay.
What is your issue with Illegals then? permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 16 hours ago Shut the fuck up street shitter, you'll never be American. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 15 hours ago Go fuck yourself Nazi stormfag. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago wahhh wahh nazis wahh. you really are a fag permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 0 points 4 hours ago Sieg heil faggot permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Can't get into college when they're only looking to admit foreigners, cant get a job when they're only looking to hire foreigners. So no its not a "just stop being lazy" scenario when the entire system is looking to kick you out of it in favor of cheap slave labor from people who are too stupid to understand they're slaves. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 3 points 16 hours ago You are indeed gay.
What is your issue with Illegals then? permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 3 points 16 hours ago Shut the fuck up street shitter, you'll never be American. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 15 hours ago Go fuck yourself Nazi stormfag. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago wahhh wahh nazis wahh. you really are a fag permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 0 points 4 hours ago Sieg heil faggot permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -3 points 15 hours ago Go fuck yourself Nazi stormfag. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago wahhh wahh nazis wahh. you really are a fag permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 0 points 4 hours ago Sieg heil faggot permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago wahhh wahh nazis wahh. you really are a fag permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 0 points 4 hours ago Sieg heil faggot permalink parent award report block reply
BannedAccount 1 points 11 hours ago Can't get into college when they're only looking to admit foreigners, cant get a job when they're only looking to hire foreigners. So no its not a "just stop being lazy" scenario when the entire system is looking to kick you out of it in favor of cheap slave labor from people who are too stupid to understand they're slaves. permalink parent award report block reply
1776Widowmaker -5 points 19 hours ago I hate these aha got you moments. permalink award report block reply usernamechecksout 13 points 19 hours ago You mean burden of proof moments where you make a statement and then must back it up with evidence? permalink parent award report block reply
usernamechecksout 13 points 19 hours ago You mean burden of proof moments where you make a statement and then must back it up with evidence? permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead -7 points 19 hours ago What he was saying is that these people have been manufacturing these priducts (battaries) and have the know-how to do it.  And while he welcomes the manufacturer back to the US, they need to bring workers with that know-how with them to keep producing said battaries, and they can train others. Its like us opening a Ford dealership in Zimbabwe.  They dont build cars, so we'd need to send proven workers with knowledge to go and work/train. permalink award report block reply PaladinMk12 12 points 18 hours ago Yeah man, we're just like Zimbabwe. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago ugga ugga permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 1 points 11 hours ago We are when it comes to building missle battaries.  Blame the people who outsourced it to begin with.  Its a bad look for sure, and he could have been more tactful. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 4 hours ago Complains about the education system failing the people for decades. Surprised when the president points out we currently may need some specialized talent coming from other education systems. permalink parent award report block reply Farmcatarmy 5 points 18 hours ago Then make them train us and deport (the total opposite of what is happening now)seriously Obama sick of orange man permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 4 points 17 hours ago When synthetic rubber was just a pipe dream, did we have to bring over Indians and Chinese to run our first factories? Hell no. Some subject matter experts from across OUR country moved into town and for the vast majority of positions, Billy Bob learned enough chemistry on the fly to make himself useful. Matter of fact, I briefly worked in our first rubber plant a few years back. You have any idea how many workers there were 3rd generation? Followed in their dad’s and grandads footsteps to keep tires on American cars? permalink parent award report block reply Schiffblower 4 points 18 hours ago Except that’s not what he said. People are going to see this clip and he and the Republican Party are absolutely fucked in 2026. All they have to do is play this on repeat permalink parent award report block reply Farmcatarmy 12 points 18 hours ago Any defense of h1-b’s..especially right now is playing into the globalists hands..he might as well suck off George soros while he’s at it..sucking the cock if those who wanted to imprison/kill you is unbelievable permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago Then why not quote him directly and in entirety? Why change what he said and leave out the context? Oh, right, because you're reaching real hard here. permalink parent award report block reply Schiffblower 0 points 9 hours ago Ok listen up again, you total and complete faggot: Watch that clip. Now after you watch it, explain to me how millions of people have the time or patience to go back and watch the interview again. Now, re-dread my comment you fucking cum-guzzling ass hat permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 7 hours ago I watched the clip. The quote in the title is fake and the quotes in the thread and misleading and out of context. The video is also cut short before he can answer the follow up question. You're a faggot and your gaslighting isn't working outside of this website. It's not working on here, either, which is why you and your fellow faggots have to bot all the comments. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 0 points 12 hours ago Listen to the entire interview.  He says exactly that. permalink parent award report block reply Pickinpox 1 points 5 hours ago Could have easily just sent supervisor people to Korea to learn to build them. Very simple to do. These aren't jobs that were outsourced either, they created the jobs and plants. It's absolutely not maga. I wouldn't be surprised if it was part of the DEAL to get them here in the first place... permalink parent award report block reply
PaladinMk12 12 points 18 hours ago Yeah man, we're just like Zimbabwe. permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago ugga ugga permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 1 points 11 hours ago We are when it comes to building missle battaries.  Blame the people who outsourced it to begin with.  Its a bad look for sure, and he could have been more tactful. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 4 hours ago Complains about the education system failing the people for decades. Surprised when the president points out we currently may need some specialized talent coming from other education systems. permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra 2 points 14 hours ago ugga ugga permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead 1 points 11 hours ago We are when it comes to building missle battaries.  Blame the people who outsourced it to begin with.  Its a bad look for sure, and he could have been more tactful. permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 1 points 4 hours ago Complains about the education system failing the people for decades. Surprised when the president points out we currently may need some specialized talent coming from other education systems. permalink parent award report block reply
Farmcatarmy 5 points 18 hours ago Then make them train us and deport (the total opposite of what is happening now)seriously Obama sick of orange man permalink parent award report block reply
Hikedelics 4 points 17 hours ago When synthetic rubber was just a pipe dream, did we have to bring over Indians and Chinese to run our first factories? Hell no. Some subject matter experts from across OUR country moved into town and for the vast majority of positions, Billy Bob learned enough chemistry on the fly to make himself useful. Matter of fact, I briefly worked in our first rubber plant a few years back. You have any idea how many workers there were 3rd generation? Followed in their dad’s and grandads footsteps to keep tires on American cars? permalink parent award report block reply
Schiffblower 4 points 18 hours ago Except that’s not what he said. People are going to see this clip and he and the Republican Party are absolutely fucked in 2026. All they have to do is play this on repeat permalink parent award report block reply Farmcatarmy 12 points 18 hours ago Any defense of h1-b’s..especially right now is playing into the globalists hands..he might as well suck off George soros while he’s at it..sucking the cock if those who wanted to imprison/kill you is unbelievable permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago Then why not quote him directly and in entirety? Why change what he said and leave out the context? Oh, right, because you're reaching real hard here. permalink parent award report block reply Schiffblower 0 points 9 hours ago Ok listen up again, you total and complete faggot: Watch that clip. Now after you watch it, explain to me how millions of people have the time or patience to go back and watch the interview again. Now, re-dread my comment you fucking cum-guzzling ass hat permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 7 hours ago I watched the clip. The quote in the title is fake and the quotes in the thread and misleading and out of context. The video is also cut short before he can answer the follow up question. You're a faggot and your gaslighting isn't working outside of this website. It's not working on here, either, which is why you and your fellow faggots have to bot all the comments. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 0 points 12 hours ago Listen to the entire interview.  He says exactly that. permalink parent award report block reply
Farmcatarmy 12 points 18 hours ago Any defense of h1-b’s..especially right now is playing into the globalists hands..he might as well suck off George soros while he’s at it..sucking the cock if those who wanted to imprison/kill you is unbelievable permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 17 hours ago Then why not quote him directly and in entirety? Why change what he said and leave out the context? Oh, right, because you're reaching real hard here. permalink parent award report block reply Schiffblower 0 points 9 hours ago Ok listen up again, you total and complete faggot: Watch that clip. Now after you watch it, explain to me how millions of people have the time or patience to go back and watch the interview again. Now, re-dread my comment you fucking cum-guzzling ass hat permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 7 hours ago I watched the clip. The quote in the title is fake and the quotes in the thread and misleading and out of context. The video is also cut short before he can answer the follow up question. You're a faggot and your gaslighting isn't working outside of this website. It's not working on here, either, which is why you and your fellow faggots have to bot all the comments. permalink parent award report block reply
Schiffblower 0 points 9 hours ago Ok listen up again, you total and complete faggot: Watch that clip. Now after you watch it, explain to me how millions of people have the time or patience to go back and watch the interview again. Now, re-dread my comment you fucking cum-guzzling ass hat permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 7 hours ago I watched the clip. The quote in the title is fake and the quotes in the thread and misleading and out of context. The video is also cut short before he can answer the follow up question. You're a faggot and your gaslighting isn't working outside of this website. It's not working on here, either, which is why you and your fellow faggots have to bot all the comments. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 7 hours ago I watched the clip. The quote in the title is fake and the quotes in the thread and misleading and out of context. The video is also cut short before he can answer the follow up question. You're a faggot and your gaslighting isn't working outside of this website. It's not working on here, either, which is why you and your fellow faggots have to bot all the comments. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead 0 points 12 hours ago Listen to the entire interview.  He says exactly that. permalink parent award report block reply
Pickinpox 1 points 5 hours ago Could have easily just sent supervisor people to Korea to learn to build them. Very simple to do. These aren't jobs that were outsourced either, they created the jobs and plants. It's absolutely not maga. I wouldn't be surprised if it was part of the DEAL to get them here in the first place... permalink parent award report block reply
LaptopDied -8 points 19 hours ago Dubbed? Fake? Do the lip movements line up with the words? permalink award report block reply Zhongda 22 points 19 hours ago The copium is done, fren.  Sorry but you need to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply
Zhongda 22 points 19 hours ago The copium is done, fren.  Sorry but you need to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply