408 President Trump demands the filibuster be ended by the Senate: "If we terminated the filibuster, this would NEVER happen again!" posted 11 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 18 comments award share report block Breaking911 @Breaking911 • 11h President Trump demands the filibuster be ended by the Senate: "If we terminated the filibuster, this would NEVER happen again!"
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Marat1792 15 points 11 hours ago 1: I like it when the government shuts down. 2: If the government never reopened, I would have actually got what I voted for. permalink award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 6 points 11 hours ago That will surely never ever come back to bite us in the ass, I'm sure. Let's shut down the government again. permalink award report block reply 1inchgroup 5 points 11 hours ago It already did bite us in our asses when the Dems did it under Obama to force thru his appointments, then put it back.  Obamacare, judges, etc....all without a single R vote. The more you know rainbow appears permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 3 points 11 hours ago Democrats will terminate the filibuster the second they get power. The plan is for Republicans to terminate it to get shit done easier before the Dems get rid of it anyways. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 11 hours ago Otto Pen and Phil Abuster are elite Democrats. permalink award report block reply barwhack 4 points 11 hours ago The shutdown is a nonce. DEPORT INVADERS, DOXX PEDOS IN POWER, and HANG TRAITORS. Then consider procedural rules at will. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 11 hours ago don’t terminate it, so that the gov’t stays closed forever permalink award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 3 points 11 hours ago The RNC is a joke. permalink award report block reply keeman 2 points 8 hours ago What will happen if we end the filibuster:  Next time Dems get in power they vote in communism in less than 1 year.  This is a fucking retarded idea. permalink award report block reply prisoner_of_funk 2 points 8 hours ago How about just make them filibuster?  Make them talk 24/7 until they stop. permalink award report block reply keeman 2 points 8 hours ago That would require the RINOs to actually get off their asses and push some meaningful legislation.  They won't do this because they actually WANT big government and any attempt to push legislation for smaller government has a chance of passing after the fight with the Dems.  Far better for them to concede the battle before it occurs and avoid this risk. permalink parent award report block reply Mcrumples 2 points 10 hours ago It's the right choice. The founders feared constant turmoil of flip-flop house and senate by party. However - the slow acting and secrecy from the senate has proven MORE HARMFUL than it would be if each time we had dems and reps passing new laws each time.ppwer switched hands. permalink award report block reply 559throw 1 points 44 minutes ago What happens when Dems take back power and you've removed anything to stop them? Power grabs are fucking bullshit no matter which side does it because it will ALWAYS come back to bite us in the ass. The entire goddamned point of the Federal government being set up this way is specifically make it difficult to pass legislation and impossible to force it through. They aren't supposed to have their jobs made easier!! If Congress can't come to an agreement on something then that something should have been handled at the State or local level because that smaller constituency is going to be much more accurately represented than across an entire country of vastly different states and philosophies. Literally exactly how it was all fucking designed. But NOOOOO, we've got to make it even easier for these fucking cocksuckers thousands of miles away from us to rule over us because mUh oPtIcS permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 8 hours ago Filibuster only works if RINOs would actually act permalink award report block reply Samsonlike 1 points 10 hours ago Asking Senators to end the filibuster is like asking vampires to walk in sunlight. They will never agree to do it, regardless of party. permalink award report block reply keeman 0 points 7 hours ago Asking Senators to end the filibuster is like asking for infinitely large government.  The ONLY thing good about Congress is the filibuster stopping a lot of crap from going forward.  You actually think the Rs will use the lack of a filibuster to drain the swamp?  They will pass RINO corporate welfare and then when the Dems take over you will have instant full communism. permalink parent award report block reply pray4peace4 1 points 11 hours ago Not only that...  If the filibuster is trashed soon, Trump will be able to impose critical changes to election reform - Voter ID required, citizenship required, all voting must be done on paper ballots & counted by hand ON ELECTION DAY, ban electronic voting machines, ban ballot harvesting, & states must keep voter rolls current & accurate. permalink award report block reply CdnMAGA 0 points 11 hours ago Not his best idea , Democrats aren't worried about destroying the country to get what they want, they will go nuts the next time they're in power. permalink award report block reply
Marat1792 15 points 11 hours ago 1: I like it when the government shuts down. 2: If the government never reopened, I would have actually got what I voted for. permalink award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 6 points 11 hours ago That will surely never ever come back to bite us in the ass, I'm sure. Let's shut down the government again. permalink award report block reply 1inchgroup 5 points 11 hours ago It already did bite us in our asses when the Dems did it under Obama to force thru his appointments, then put it back.  Obamacare, judges, etc....all without a single R vote. The more you know rainbow appears permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 3 points 11 hours ago Democrats will terminate the filibuster the second they get power. The plan is for Republicans to terminate it to get shit done easier before the Dems get rid of it anyways. permalink parent award report block reply
1inchgroup 5 points 11 hours ago It already did bite us in our asses when the Dems did it under Obama to force thru his appointments, then put it back.  Obamacare, judges, etc....all without a single R vote. The more you know rainbow appears permalink parent award report block reply
LogicCircuits 3 points 11 hours ago Democrats will terminate the filibuster the second they get power. The plan is for Republicans to terminate it to get shit done easier before the Dems get rid of it anyways. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 11 hours ago Otto Pen and Phil Abuster are elite Democrats. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 4 points 11 hours ago The shutdown is a nonce. DEPORT INVADERS, DOXX PEDOS IN POWER, and HANG TRAITORS. Then consider procedural rules at will. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 3 points 11 hours ago don’t terminate it, so that the gov’t stays closed forever permalink award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 3 points 11 hours ago The RNC is a joke. permalink award report block reply
keeman 2 points 8 hours ago What will happen if we end the filibuster:  Next time Dems get in power they vote in communism in less than 1 year.  This is a fucking retarded idea. permalink award report block reply
prisoner_of_funk 2 points 8 hours ago How about just make them filibuster?  Make them talk 24/7 until they stop. permalink award report block reply keeman 2 points 8 hours ago That would require the RINOs to actually get off their asses and push some meaningful legislation.  They won't do this because they actually WANT big government and any attempt to push legislation for smaller government has a chance of passing after the fight with the Dems.  Far better for them to concede the battle before it occurs and avoid this risk. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 2 points 8 hours ago That would require the RINOs to actually get off their asses and push some meaningful legislation.  They won't do this because they actually WANT big government and any attempt to push legislation for smaller government has a chance of passing after the fight with the Dems.  Far better for them to concede the battle before it occurs and avoid this risk. permalink parent award report block reply
Mcrumples 2 points 10 hours ago It's the right choice. The founders feared constant turmoil of flip-flop house and senate by party. However - the slow acting and secrecy from the senate has proven MORE HARMFUL than it would be if each time we had dems and reps passing new laws each time.ppwer switched hands. permalink award report block reply
559throw 1 points 44 minutes ago What happens when Dems take back power and you've removed anything to stop them? Power grabs are fucking bullshit no matter which side does it because it will ALWAYS come back to bite us in the ass. The entire goddamned point of the Federal government being set up this way is specifically make it difficult to pass legislation and impossible to force it through. They aren't supposed to have their jobs made easier!! If Congress can't come to an agreement on something then that something should have been handled at the State or local level because that smaller constituency is going to be much more accurately represented than across an entire country of vastly different states and philosophies. Literally exactly how it was all fucking designed. But NOOOOO, we've got to make it even easier for these fucking cocksuckers thousands of miles away from us to rule over us because mUh oPtIcS permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 8 hours ago Filibuster only works if RINOs would actually act permalink award report block reply
Samsonlike 1 points 10 hours ago Asking Senators to end the filibuster is like asking vampires to walk in sunlight. They will never agree to do it, regardless of party. permalink award report block reply keeman 0 points 7 hours ago Asking Senators to end the filibuster is like asking for infinitely large government.  The ONLY thing good about Congress is the filibuster stopping a lot of crap from going forward.  You actually think the Rs will use the lack of a filibuster to drain the swamp?  They will pass RINO corporate welfare and then when the Dems take over you will have instant full communism. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 0 points 7 hours ago Asking Senators to end the filibuster is like asking for infinitely large government.  The ONLY thing good about Congress is the filibuster stopping a lot of crap from going forward.  You actually think the Rs will use the lack of a filibuster to drain the swamp?  They will pass RINO corporate welfare and then when the Dems take over you will have instant full communism. permalink parent award report block reply
pray4peace4 1 points 11 hours ago Not only that...  If the filibuster is trashed soon, Trump will be able to impose critical changes to election reform - Voter ID required, citizenship required, all voting must be done on paper ballots & counted by hand ON ELECTION DAY, ban electronic voting machines, ban ballot harvesting, & states must keep voter rolls current & accurate. permalink award report block reply
CdnMAGA 0 points 11 hours ago Not his best idea , Democrats aren't worried about destroying the country to get what they want, they will go nuts the next time they're in power. permalink award report block reply