123 Anyone believing these emails needs their head examined.... So Bill never visited Epstein Island?...riiiiight.... Who writes this horse shit?? BE  LESS  RETARDED posted 4 hours ago by frenacrossthepond 11 comments award share download report block
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save frenacrossthepond OP 11 points 4 hours ago And that last sentence about the telephone book is just logically retarded. permalink award report block reply impera 8 points 4 hours ago Is he in the habit of storing lists of names, emails, and home addresses of people on behalf of OTHER people at his own house? For no reason at all? He has like a library of random contact lists in paper form all owned by other people? If you were an investigator tracking down an elusive felon, and a suspect you were interviewing casually made a claim so retarded, you would think you have just found your guy. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 3 points 3 hours ago Its a guest book. Theres also flight logs which determine Clinton went to island. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 41 minutes ago Maybe this is why trump says the "list" is a democrat forgery. It's largely an archive of people saying shit. You can cherrypick whatever you want out of it. Nobody had the will to actually investigate. permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 7 points 4 hours ago How can it be "not his" when he says it was stolen from him ? permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 4 points 3 hours ago Seriously. It's like he was too retarded to get the "I was holding it for someone else" defense right. permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 1 points 7 minutes ago It Was His Cousin's... permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 7 points 4 hours ago Next they will say Epstein never was the owner of Epstein island. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 4 points 3 hours ago Next: Jeffrey Epstein never existed "I never existed. There never was a Jeffrey Epstein. The idea for me was concocted as a MAGA strawman." permalink award report block reply HocusLocus 1 points 30 minutes ago Email shown without full headers is forensic garbage, like tweets edited to change their text.  Don't engage.  Who ever you got this from, they're pushing out garbage. permalink award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
frenacrossthepond OP 11 points 4 hours ago And that last sentence about the telephone book is just logically retarded. permalink award report block reply impera 8 points 4 hours ago Is he in the habit of storing lists of names, emails, and home addresses of people on behalf of OTHER people at his own house? For no reason at all? He has like a library of random contact lists in paper form all owned by other people? If you were an investigator tracking down an elusive felon, and a suspect you were interviewing casually made a claim so retarded, you would think you have just found your guy. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 3 points 3 hours ago Its a guest book. Theres also flight logs which determine Clinton went to island. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 41 minutes ago Maybe this is why trump says the "list" is a democrat forgery. It's largely an archive of people saying shit. You can cherrypick whatever you want out of it. Nobody had the will to actually investigate. permalink parent award report block reply
impera 8 points 4 hours ago Is he in the habit of storing lists of names, emails, and home addresses of people on behalf of OTHER people at his own house? For no reason at all? He has like a library of random contact lists in paper form all owned by other people? If you were an investigator tracking down an elusive felon, and a suspect you were interviewing casually made a claim so retarded, you would think you have just found your guy. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 3 points 3 hours ago Its a guest book. Theres also flight logs which determine Clinton went to island. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 41 minutes ago Maybe this is why trump says the "list" is a democrat forgery. It's largely an archive of people saying shit. You can cherrypick whatever you want out of it. Nobody had the will to actually investigate. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 3 points 3 hours ago Its a guest book. Theres also flight logs which determine Clinton went to island. permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 1 points 41 minutes ago Maybe this is why trump says the "list" is a democrat forgery. It's largely an archive of people saying shit. You can cherrypick whatever you want out of it. Nobody had the will to actually investigate. permalink parent award report block reply
farfiman 7 points 4 hours ago How can it be "not his" when he says it was stolen from him ? permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 4 points 3 hours ago Seriously. It's like he was too retarded to get the "I was holding it for someone else" defense right. permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 1 points 7 minutes ago It Was His Cousin's... permalink parent award report block reply
PhantomShield72 4 points 3 hours ago Seriously. It's like he was too retarded to get the "I was holding it for someone else" defense right. permalink parent award report block reply DarthEP 1 points 7 minutes ago It Was His Cousin's... permalink parent award report block reply
DarthEP 1 points 7 minutes ago It Was His Cousin's... permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat 7 points 4 hours ago Next they will say Epstein never was the owner of Epstein island. permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 4 points 3 hours ago Next: Jeffrey Epstein never existed "I never existed. There never was a Jeffrey Epstein. The idea for me was concocted as a MAGA strawman." permalink award report block reply
HocusLocus 1 points 30 minutes ago Email shown without full headers is forensic garbage, like tweets edited to change their text.  Don't engage.  Who ever you got this from, they're pushing out garbage. permalink award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply