25 Prime Years Lost posted 10 hours ago by flashersenpai 10 comments award share report block Saagar Enjeti @esaagar • 2d Boomers simply dont appreciate the radicalizing nature of the last 5 years. For them its a blip in their overall decent life. For those in 20s it was the time to lay a foundation, to buy a house, meet a spouse, have a child. Destroying those years destroys hope for a decent life
10 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Littleirishmaid 6 points 10 hours ago Some of us boomers have children and grandchildren that are trying to purchase a home or rent an apartment at s reasonable rate.   We realize the issues. permalink award report block reply sobriquet 2 points 10 hours ago GenX checking in. I recognize the struggles of young people, and that's why I'm so pissed.  It's not about me, cuz I'm pretty well set.  I want the best for young people in America, and I can clearly see how the system is failing them.  Unfortunately, I don't see things changing for the better any time soon unless we start prioritizing them over corporate profits and tax revenues. permalink parent award report block reply JohnBarronGalt 3 points 9 hours ago X here. had horrible difficulty in my 20s and 30s struggling the whole time. Never had enough to get ahead always barely enough to survive, eating ramen noodles and egg as a main staple. Not until about 10 years ago did I start to see that change. so missing opportunities in the 20s doesn't mean anything necessarily. It just might take longer to get there. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 2 points 8 hours ago You don't have to tell me. I recall buying a dozen live shrimp from the bait shop for $1 so I could have some protein.  I got into IT working help desk as my first real job when I was 24. Things got easier a few years after that. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 0 points 7 hours ago good! and good luck to them permalink parent award report block reply Littleirishmaid 1 points 5 hours ago You missed the point. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 2 points 10 hours ago It all started with covid lockdowns. The Dems did that. So why do the young people blame the Repubs for everything. It's the gray hair. They blame anyone old. And anyone happy. Trump must somehow get them out of their student loans. And make cities safe. Which he is doing. There must be a charismatic DOGE kid for new conservative leadership. You are right. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 2 points 9 hours ago Buy a gun! permalink award report block reply blue5707 2 points 10 hours ago *go to church permalink award report block reply friarfox 1 points 9 hours ago Just wait until digital currency is mandated and social media is under scrutiny for "right think". I give it five more years and the globalist mission will be complete. permalink award report block reply
Littleirishmaid 6 points 10 hours ago Some of us boomers have children and grandchildren that are trying to purchase a home or rent an apartment at s reasonable rate.   We realize the issues. permalink award report block reply sobriquet 2 points 10 hours ago GenX checking in. I recognize the struggles of young people, and that's why I'm so pissed.  It's not about me, cuz I'm pretty well set.  I want the best for young people in America, and I can clearly see how the system is failing them.  Unfortunately, I don't see things changing for the better any time soon unless we start prioritizing them over corporate profits and tax revenues. permalink parent award report block reply JohnBarronGalt 3 points 9 hours ago X here. had horrible difficulty in my 20s and 30s struggling the whole time. Never had enough to get ahead always barely enough to survive, eating ramen noodles and egg as a main staple. Not until about 10 years ago did I start to see that change. so missing opportunities in the 20s doesn't mean anything necessarily. It just might take longer to get there. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 2 points 8 hours ago You don't have to tell me. I recall buying a dozen live shrimp from the bait shop for $1 so I could have some protein.  I got into IT working help desk as my first real job when I was 24. Things got easier a few years after that. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 0 points 7 hours ago good! and good luck to them permalink parent award report block reply Littleirishmaid 1 points 5 hours ago You missed the point. permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 2 points 10 hours ago GenX checking in. I recognize the struggles of young people, and that's why I'm so pissed.  It's not about me, cuz I'm pretty well set.  I want the best for young people in America, and I can clearly see how the system is failing them.  Unfortunately, I don't see things changing for the better any time soon unless we start prioritizing them over corporate profits and tax revenues. permalink parent award report block reply JohnBarronGalt 3 points 9 hours ago X here. had horrible difficulty in my 20s and 30s struggling the whole time. Never had enough to get ahead always barely enough to survive, eating ramen noodles and egg as a main staple. Not until about 10 years ago did I start to see that change. so missing opportunities in the 20s doesn't mean anything necessarily. It just might take longer to get there. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 2 points 8 hours ago You don't have to tell me. I recall buying a dozen live shrimp from the bait shop for $1 so I could have some protein.  I got into IT working help desk as my first real job when I was 24. Things got easier a few years after that. permalink parent award report block reply
JohnBarronGalt 3 points 9 hours ago X here. had horrible difficulty in my 20s and 30s struggling the whole time. Never had enough to get ahead always barely enough to survive, eating ramen noodles and egg as a main staple. Not until about 10 years ago did I start to see that change. so missing opportunities in the 20s doesn't mean anything necessarily. It just might take longer to get there. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 2 points 8 hours ago You don't have to tell me. I recall buying a dozen live shrimp from the bait shop for $1 so I could have some protein.  I got into IT working help desk as my first real job when I was 24. Things got easier a few years after that. permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 2 points 8 hours ago You don't have to tell me. I recall buying a dozen live shrimp from the bait shop for $1 so I could have some protein.  I got into IT working help desk as my first real job when I was 24. Things got easier a few years after that. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 0 points 7 hours ago good! and good luck to them permalink parent award report block reply Littleirishmaid 1 points 5 hours ago You missed the point. permalink parent award report block reply
Littleirishmaid 1 points 5 hours ago You missed the point. permalink parent award report block reply
LaptopDied 2 points 10 hours ago It all started with covid lockdowns. The Dems did that. So why do the young people blame the Repubs for everything. It's the gray hair. They blame anyone old. And anyone happy. Trump must somehow get them out of their student loans. And make cities safe. Which he is doing. There must be a charismatic DOGE kid for new conservative leadership. You are right. permalink award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 2 points 9 hours ago Buy a gun! permalink award report block reply
blue5707 2 points 10 hours ago *go to church permalink award report block reply
friarfox 1 points 9 hours ago Just wait until digital currency is mandated and social media is under scrutiny for "right think". I give it five more years and the globalist mission will be complete. permalink award report block reply