281 Something is fucky. Trump's decisions and comments over the last few weeks have been completely out of character and not MAGA at all. I feel personally insulted by the suggestion of taking out a 50 year mortgage to make housing affordable. posted 4 hours ago by alfredbester 58 comments award share report block He is encouraging Americans to make a terrible financial decision in order to create the illusion that housing is more affordable. It's an insult to every hard working person who voted for him. Trump would never, ever in a million years take out a 50 year loan for a generic home in a regular cookie cutter neighborhood that costs ten times his entire financial worth, but that's his solution for me? And now he's saying Americans can't do the jobs H1B visa holders can do. Show me those jobs, Mr. President, because I say that's bullshit. Then there's those 600,000 Chinese students. What the fuck even is that? What the hell is going on?
58 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget SHILL_DETECTOR 25 points 4 hours ago somehow its like the shutdown killed all his momentum.  he hasnt gotten anything done since then i would have expected the shutdown would have given him more power to stop the spending maybe trump is realizing theres no saving this country permalink award report block reply FKH2 34 points 4 hours ago Epstein and MIGA killed MAGA far before any shutdown permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 12 points 3 hours ago I think Charlie Kirk's assassination gave him flashbacks of his own close call. permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 25 points 4 hours ago I mean we've basically been shouting this fact at him for the better part of a decade now.  The forces of evil are entrenched - tickling them does nothing.  Cross the Rubicon, use your powers, call up the Unc Army, fucking DO SOMETHING.  It's beginning to feel like he never intended to change our fucked up power structure at all.  We have been duped - not that I would have ever voted for child sniffer or drunky cop lady.  But fuck man, this shit is REAL bad. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 11 points 4 hours ago i wonder if we get to keep making 1 trillion a year from tariffs if that will accomplish anything besides letting them spend an extra 1 trillion per year this supreme court decision could be the final nail in the coffin permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 6 points 3 hours ago They were going to spend that trillion regardless of tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 8 points 3 hours ago It's like many have said. We either choose full-on leftism, or choose a right-wing candidate to pump the brakes on it. We're going to be in the same state Canada is currently in before 2030 at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -7 points 3 hours ago You wish lol. You and your fellow "groypers" (whatever the fuck that means) voted for Kamala Harris, after all. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 4 points 2 hours ago I think saying we have been duped is going too far at this point. But if this trajectory continues it won’t take long for me to join you in that sentiment. permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 2 points 2 hours ago fair permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 55 minutes ago He’ll never do it. Trump wants to be the President of Peace (except for enemies of Isreal). We need a War President. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 12 points 3 hours ago He completely shit the bed on Epstein months before this shutdown bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 3 points 3 hours ago What has he done good with since Charlie Kirk's assassination? When Charlie got shot, my biggest fear was that the NeoCons would take back over now that TPUSA is decapitated. Remember that prior to Charlie dying, we were talking about making the universities pay down the outstanding student loans that young people have. Now Trump is subsidizing them with foreigner students who are clearly a danger to national security. Prior to Charlie dying we were very serious about securing free speech. Now, the Heritage Foundation (Project 2025) just had a struggle session, making sure that nobody is allowed to even consider anti-Israel sentiments. And now you must attend Jewish DEI events to remain in good standing at Heritage. Prior to Charlie dying, our biggest issue with Trump was the Epstein stuff. Now, it seems like he really wants to put a pause on MAGA. This is after he got excited to restart the Abraham Accords with Kazakhstan. Yet Canada and Mexico are becoming more and more hostile to the USA. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 19 points 4 hours ago 50 year mortgages will make housing in general for everyone more expensive it actually makes the problem worse instead of letting the market correct it will artificially inflate it more permalink award report block reply ParmesanCartel 5 points 3 hours ago Save 200 bucks to only spend an extra measly 300k permalink parent award report block reply boogeyman420 18 points 3 hours ago Fuentes was right permalink award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 10 points 3 hours ago Yup. We have all done stupid ass shit in our past, maybe not gay ass shit like him, but it doesn't make him wrong with what he has been preaching when it comes to the state of this country. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 0 points 38 minutes ago The little furry fedboy fag isn't right, stormfag. Be here for MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 10 points 3 hours ago The Golden Pager wasn’t a gift, it was a threat. permalink award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 7 points 3 hours ago The economy is collasping. Everything he's said is an attempt to plug the drain. It's not ideal, but things are much worse than he has been alluding too and he doesn't want to make that information public. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 3 points 3 hours ago Must be bad if Pelosi is retiring. permalink parent award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 2 points 3 hours ago Yes. Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 1 points 2 hours ago Stock traders and economics junkies know.  If there's a sales contraction on black Friday, there's a very serious chance the stock market blows off quite a few points. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 6 points 3 hours ago Over a 30 year loan, it doubles the interest you will pay over the life of the loan. On a 400k debt your total payment in interest only would be 1.4 million. The average american lifetime earnings is 1.7 permalink award report block reply Pede 4 points 3 hours ago Reminds me of the Biden clone who grew 3" taller and had different ears. I think it's the same Trump. I'm just saying, it's a real thing to keep in mind. permalink award report block reply LBTrumplican2 4 points 3 hours ago Kim Clement - "Hypnotic November."  Things aren't as they seem. We will get satisfaction in December. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 3 hours ago The 50 year mortgage thing is complete bullshit, but he does have a point on the H1-B.  If we actually get the trillions of dollars of foreign investment in the US, specifically manufacturing, it wouldn't be out of line for the home country to send a cadre of their own people to help start the plants, staff, and train the workers hired for the plants.  I saw that very thing with a Japanese chemical plant.  They brought over Japanese people to get it all up and going, then after a while, maybe a year, most of them went back to Japan, save for the plant manager and a few critical other positions.  I am OK with that style of H1-B for foreign investment, along with the timeline, that most go back within a year. What we don't want is people coming here indefinitely  and cranking out anchor babies. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 7 minutes ago H1B needs to be scrapped and legal immigration while we are at it and rework it to a common sense approach permalink parent award report block reply Southernwhitebread2 2 points 4 hours ago Honest question What if ?  Big if here. They dont allow 50 year mortgages to go over 2 % interest? Spitballing permalink award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago I just want to throw this in off your spitball (for those that aren’t aware) On current 30 year mortgages, unless you are putting down 20%, you are going to have to pay PMI-Personal Mortgage Insurance for about 10 years, you can pay it off earlier, but we went through it and it’s not easy. It’s also EXTREMELY difficult to put 20% down on houses that now start at 500k. How does that factor into a 50 yr mortgage? Also can you pay it off early, obviously you want this option with ANY loan, but devil is in the details. permalink parent award report block reply hatredcopter 1 points 3 hours ago What do you do to get rid of the PMI permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago You either put 20% down and avoid it, or you max out your interest payments in the first 5 years, you need to achieve a certain equity (sorry, I can’t remember the %) but once you’ve put enough equity (paying the banks interest) it can be dropped, we were never really able to add to that so we had to pay the insurance for 10 yrs until we had enough equity that the bank “trusted” us to pay them back the rest (principle)…. This is all a result of the 2009 bank collapse, where banks were bailed out… but consumers were punished for past bank usury and predatory lending. They gave out adjustable rate mortgages to a lot of people and then rates skyrocketed, people lost their homes when they couldn’t afford the payments, then the banks took those homes, then they sat on them for years, avoiding local property tax (zombie homes) only to sell them to cash contractors, they were called short sales and they were more unavailable to you then the already unavailable houses. Long one there…. Sorry for the text wall. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 1 points 2 hours ago When I bought my house, I couldnt hit the 20% down.  I put around 15% down, so I had to get PMI.  I had to pay the PMI until I hit the 20% threshold, which didnt take that long. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 3 hours ago A recent innovation in the Japanese real estate industry to promote home ownership is the creation of a 100-year mortgage term. The home, encumbered by the mortgage, becomes an ancestral property and is passed on from grandparent to grandchild in a multigenerational fashion. We analyze the implications of this innovative practice, contrast it with the conventional 30-year mortgage popular in Western nations and explore its unique benefits and limitations within the Japanese economic and cultural framework. Through the use of simulation, the conclusion is reached that the 100-year mortgage has failed to increase the affordability of homes. Instead, affluent homeowners are more likely to employ long-term mortgages as an estate-planning tool to reduce inheritance taxes permalink parent award report block reply Southernwhitebread2 2 points 4 hours ago 6000 a year tax deductible permalink parent award report block reply MocksFordComma 2 points 3 hours ago That's what I said: extremely low interest rates. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 3 points 3 hours ago Thats how it will start... permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 2 points 3 hours ago He should call out Too Late Jerome Powell more. permalink award report block reply remigration 2 points 20 minutes ago You get lower payments so you can get into a house sooner, and you can pay it off as quickly as you want or refinance to a shorter term and a lower rate as your income grows. It's a no brainer, for the non-retarded. permalink award report block reply Jbaz 1 points 3 hours ago Why isn’t everyone already doing 15 year mortgages instead of 30 year? Same argument as 50 year. You pay way less interest on a 15 year but the majority of people do 30 because it’s the cheapest monthly payment. permalink award report block reply nolefthandshakes 1 points 60 minutes ago because people can’t afford it? permalink parent award report block reply greatpumpkin 1 points 3 hours ago You're not the only one. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 10 minutes ago It's like blacklrock got to him or something permalink award report block reply bluedevilga 1 points 3 hours ago my guess is there was some sort of agreement to tone down one hand in order to get what he wanted from the other hand. I think it will ebb back-and-forth permalink award report block reply Sicsempertyrannis76 1 points 42 minutes ago most people sell and move before the standard 30 year mark.  I bet 50 would even have a higher rate of moves permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 18 minutes ago Trump has always supported H1B'S.   His past campaigns would regularly work overtime explaining away his H1B Slipups.  Trump always loved his H1B's.  The Tech Bros that shutoff his social media couldn't get close but are now his best friends, donors.  Fuck Trump and the Commerce Republican Party.  Trump turned on us for his Globohomo buddies.  Kiss the Midterms goodbye permalink award report block reply Shinydenim 0 points 3 hours ago Why? Now more people can buy houses. Smart ones will just refinance. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby -1 points 42 minutes ago If having a 50 year mortgage available is a problem for you, you are retarded. One, don’t get it if you don’t like it. Two, it’s easier to get for the young so it freezes their shelter costs until they sell it. That’s financially good for them. And if they want they can pay it faster or refinance permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner -1 points 3 hours ago I guess Kamala should have won huh permalink award report block reply TRUMPWON2020BYALOT -2 points 4 hours ago Take out 50 year mortgage Put your monthly savings into stonks ??????? Profit permalink award report block reply blitzkrieg1 -5 points 4 hours ago You don't have to take out a 50 year. The banking and real estate idiots have been talking about 50 year mort for a decade or more. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest -7 points 4 hours ago Then don’t get a 50 year mortgage. permalink award report block reply alfredbester OP 7 points 3 hours ago You are missing the point, fren. It's like the best concrete contractor in the world suggesting that other people cut the amount of steel in their foundation if that is the only way they can get the foundation laid. It's wrong and irresponsible to suggest such a thing. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 25 points 4 hours ago somehow its like the shutdown killed all his momentum.  he hasnt gotten anything done since then i would have expected the shutdown would have given him more power to stop the spending maybe trump is realizing theres no saving this country permalink award report block reply FKH2 34 points 4 hours ago Epstein and MIGA killed MAGA far before any shutdown permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 12 points 3 hours ago I think Charlie Kirk's assassination gave him flashbacks of his own close call. permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 25 points 4 hours ago I mean we've basically been shouting this fact at him for the better part of a decade now.  The forces of evil are entrenched - tickling them does nothing.  Cross the Rubicon, use your powers, call up the Unc Army, fucking DO SOMETHING.  It's beginning to feel like he never intended to change our fucked up power structure at all.  We have been duped - not that I would have ever voted for child sniffer or drunky cop lady.  But fuck man, this shit is REAL bad. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 11 points 4 hours ago i wonder if we get to keep making 1 trillion a year from tariffs if that will accomplish anything besides letting them spend an extra 1 trillion per year this supreme court decision could be the final nail in the coffin permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 6 points 3 hours ago They were going to spend that trillion regardless of tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 8 points 3 hours ago It's like many have said. We either choose full-on leftism, or choose a right-wing candidate to pump the brakes on it. We're going to be in the same state Canada is currently in before 2030 at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -7 points 3 hours ago You wish lol. You and your fellow "groypers" (whatever the fuck that means) voted for Kamala Harris, after all. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 4 points 2 hours ago I think saying we have been duped is going too far at this point. But if this trajectory continues it won’t take long for me to join you in that sentiment. permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 2 points 2 hours ago fair permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 55 minutes ago He’ll never do it. Trump wants to be the President of Peace (except for enemies of Isreal). We need a War President. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 12 points 3 hours ago He completely shit the bed on Epstein months before this shutdown bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 3 points 3 hours ago What has he done good with since Charlie Kirk's assassination? When Charlie got shot, my biggest fear was that the NeoCons would take back over now that TPUSA is decapitated. Remember that prior to Charlie dying, we were talking about making the universities pay down the outstanding student loans that young people have. Now Trump is subsidizing them with foreigner students who are clearly a danger to national security. Prior to Charlie dying we were very serious about securing free speech. Now, the Heritage Foundation (Project 2025) just had a struggle session, making sure that nobody is allowed to even consider anti-Israel sentiments. And now you must attend Jewish DEI events to remain in good standing at Heritage. Prior to Charlie dying, our biggest issue with Trump was the Epstein stuff. Now, it seems like he really wants to put a pause on MAGA. This is after he got excited to restart the Abraham Accords with Kazakhstan. Yet Canada and Mexico are becoming more and more hostile to the USA. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 34 points 4 hours ago Epstein and MIGA killed MAGA far before any shutdown permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 12 points 3 hours ago I think Charlie Kirk's assassination gave him flashbacks of his own close call. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 12 points 3 hours ago I think Charlie Kirk's assassination gave him flashbacks of his own close call. permalink parent award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 25 points 4 hours ago I mean we've basically been shouting this fact at him for the better part of a decade now.  The forces of evil are entrenched - tickling them does nothing.  Cross the Rubicon, use your powers, call up the Unc Army, fucking DO SOMETHING.  It's beginning to feel like he never intended to change our fucked up power structure at all.  We have been duped - not that I would have ever voted for child sniffer or drunky cop lady.  But fuck man, this shit is REAL bad. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 11 points 4 hours ago i wonder if we get to keep making 1 trillion a year from tariffs if that will accomplish anything besides letting them spend an extra 1 trillion per year this supreme court decision could be the final nail in the coffin permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 6 points 3 hours ago They were going to spend that trillion regardless of tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 8 points 3 hours ago It's like many have said. We either choose full-on leftism, or choose a right-wing candidate to pump the brakes on it. We're going to be in the same state Canada is currently in before 2030 at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -7 points 3 hours ago You wish lol. You and your fellow "groypers" (whatever the fuck that means) voted for Kamala Harris, after all. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 4 points 2 hours ago I think saying we have been duped is going too far at this point. But if this trajectory continues it won’t take long for me to join you in that sentiment. permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 2 points 2 hours ago fair permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 55 minutes ago He’ll never do it. Trump wants to be the President of Peace (except for enemies of Isreal). We need a War President. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 11 points 4 hours ago i wonder if we get to keep making 1 trillion a year from tariffs if that will accomplish anything besides letting them spend an extra 1 trillion per year this supreme court decision could be the final nail in the coffin permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 6 points 3 hours ago They were going to spend that trillion regardless of tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 6 points 3 hours ago They were going to spend that trillion regardless of tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 8 points 3 hours ago It's like many have said. We either choose full-on leftism, or choose a right-wing candidate to pump the brakes on it. We're going to be in the same state Canada is currently in before 2030 at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -7 points 3 hours ago You wish lol. You and your fellow "groypers" (whatever the fuck that means) voted for Kamala Harris, after all. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage -7 points 3 hours ago You wish lol. You and your fellow "groypers" (whatever the fuck that means) voted for Kamala Harris, after all. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 4 points 2 hours ago I think saying we have been duped is going too far at this point. But if this trajectory continues it won’t take long for me to join you in that sentiment. permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 2 points 2 hours ago fair permalink parent award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 2 points 2 hours ago fair permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 55 minutes ago He’ll never do it. Trump wants to be the President of Peace (except for enemies of Isreal). We need a War President. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 12 points 3 hours ago He completely shit the bed on Epstein months before this shutdown bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 3 points 3 hours ago What has he done good with since Charlie Kirk's assassination? When Charlie got shot, my biggest fear was that the NeoCons would take back over now that TPUSA is decapitated. Remember that prior to Charlie dying, we were talking about making the universities pay down the outstanding student loans that young people have. Now Trump is subsidizing them with foreigner students who are clearly a danger to national security. Prior to Charlie dying we were very serious about securing free speech. Now, the Heritage Foundation (Project 2025) just had a struggle session, making sure that nobody is allowed to even consider anti-Israel sentiments. And now you must attend Jewish DEI events to remain in good standing at Heritage. Prior to Charlie dying, our biggest issue with Trump was the Epstein stuff. Now, it seems like he really wants to put a pause on MAGA. This is after he got excited to restart the Abraham Accords with Kazakhstan. Yet Canada and Mexico are becoming more and more hostile to the USA. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 19 points 4 hours ago 50 year mortgages will make housing in general for everyone more expensive it actually makes the problem worse instead of letting the market correct it will artificially inflate it more permalink award report block reply ParmesanCartel 5 points 3 hours ago Save 200 bucks to only spend an extra measly 300k permalink parent award report block reply
ParmesanCartel 5 points 3 hours ago Save 200 bucks to only spend an extra measly 300k permalink parent award report block reply
boogeyman420 18 points 3 hours ago Fuentes was right permalink award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 10 points 3 hours ago Yup. We have all done stupid ass shit in our past, maybe not gay ass shit like him, but it doesn't make him wrong with what he has been preaching when it comes to the state of this country. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 0 points 38 minutes ago The little furry fedboy fag isn't right, stormfag. Be here for MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet_Tooth_Tony 10 points 3 hours ago Yup. We have all done stupid ass shit in our past, maybe not gay ass shit like him, but it doesn't make him wrong with what he has been preaching when it comes to the state of this country. permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 0 points 38 minutes ago The little furry fedboy fag isn't right, stormfag. Be here for MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 10 points 3 hours ago The Golden Pager wasn’t a gift, it was a threat. permalink award report block reply
ManWhoMakesTheMusic 7 points 3 hours ago The economy is collasping. Everything he's said is an attempt to plug the drain. It's not ideal, but things are much worse than he has been alluding too and he doesn't want to make that information public. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 3 points 3 hours ago Must be bad if Pelosi is retiring. permalink parent award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 2 points 3 hours ago Yes. Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 1 points 2 hours ago Stock traders and economics junkies know.  If there's a sales contraction on black Friday, there's a very serious chance the stock market blows off quite a few points. permalink parent award report block reply
utfanx2 3 points 3 hours ago Must be bad if Pelosi is retiring. permalink parent award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 2 points 3 hours ago Yes. Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply
ManWhoMakesTheMusic 2 points 3 hours ago Yes. Exactly. permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 1 points 2 hours ago Stock traders and economics junkies know.  If there's a sales contraction on black Friday, there's a very serious chance the stock market blows off quite a few points. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 6 points 3 hours ago Over a 30 year loan, it doubles the interest you will pay over the life of the loan. On a 400k debt your total payment in interest only would be 1.4 million. The average american lifetime earnings is 1.7 permalink award report block reply
Pede 4 points 3 hours ago Reminds me of the Biden clone who grew 3" taller and had different ears. I think it's the same Trump. I'm just saying, it's a real thing to keep in mind. permalink award report block reply
LBTrumplican2 4 points 3 hours ago Kim Clement - "Hypnotic November."  Things aren't as they seem. We will get satisfaction in December. permalink award report block reply
bill_in_texas 3 points 3 hours ago The 50 year mortgage thing is complete bullshit, but he does have a point on the H1-B.  If we actually get the trillions of dollars of foreign investment in the US, specifically manufacturing, it wouldn't be out of line for the home country to send a cadre of their own people to help start the plants, staff, and train the workers hired for the plants.  I saw that very thing with a Japanese chemical plant.  They brought over Japanese people to get it all up and going, then after a while, maybe a year, most of them went back to Japan, save for the plant manager and a few critical other positions.  I am OK with that style of H1-B for foreign investment, along with the timeline, that most go back within a year. What we don't want is people coming here indefinitely  and cranking out anchor babies. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 7 minutes ago H1B needs to be scrapped and legal immigration while we are at it and rework it to a common sense approach permalink parent award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 7 minutes ago H1B needs to be scrapped and legal immigration while we are at it and rework it to a common sense approach permalink parent award report block reply
Southernwhitebread2 2 points 4 hours ago Honest question What if ?  Big if here. They dont allow 50 year mortgages to go over 2 % interest? Spitballing permalink award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago I just want to throw this in off your spitball (for those that aren’t aware) On current 30 year mortgages, unless you are putting down 20%, you are going to have to pay PMI-Personal Mortgage Insurance for about 10 years, you can pay it off earlier, but we went through it and it’s not easy. It’s also EXTREMELY difficult to put 20% down on houses that now start at 500k. How does that factor into a 50 yr mortgage? Also can you pay it off early, obviously you want this option with ANY loan, but devil is in the details. permalink parent award report block reply hatredcopter 1 points 3 hours ago What do you do to get rid of the PMI permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago You either put 20% down and avoid it, or you max out your interest payments in the first 5 years, you need to achieve a certain equity (sorry, I can’t remember the %) but once you’ve put enough equity (paying the banks interest) it can be dropped, we were never really able to add to that so we had to pay the insurance for 10 yrs until we had enough equity that the bank “trusted” us to pay them back the rest (principle)…. This is all a result of the 2009 bank collapse, where banks were bailed out… but consumers were punished for past bank usury and predatory lending. They gave out adjustable rate mortgages to a lot of people and then rates skyrocketed, people lost their homes when they couldn’t afford the payments, then the banks took those homes, then they sat on them for years, avoiding local property tax (zombie homes) only to sell them to cash contractors, they were called short sales and they were more unavailable to you then the already unavailable houses. Long one there…. Sorry for the text wall. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 1 points 2 hours ago When I bought my house, I couldnt hit the 20% down.  I put around 15% down, so I had to get PMI.  I had to pay the PMI until I hit the 20% threshold, which didnt take that long. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 3 hours ago A recent innovation in the Japanese real estate industry to promote home ownership is the creation of a 100-year mortgage term. The home, encumbered by the mortgage, becomes an ancestral property and is passed on from grandparent to grandchild in a multigenerational fashion. We analyze the implications of this innovative practice, contrast it with the conventional 30-year mortgage popular in Western nations and explore its unique benefits and limitations within the Japanese economic and cultural framework. Through the use of simulation, the conclusion is reached that the 100-year mortgage has failed to increase the affordability of homes. Instead, affluent homeowners are more likely to employ long-term mortgages as an estate-planning tool to reduce inheritance taxes permalink parent award report block reply Southernwhitebread2 2 points 4 hours ago 6000 a year tax deductible permalink parent award report block reply MocksFordComma 2 points 3 hours ago That's what I said: extremely low interest rates. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 3 points 3 hours ago Thats how it will start... permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago I just want to throw this in off your spitball (for those that aren’t aware) On current 30 year mortgages, unless you are putting down 20%, you are going to have to pay PMI-Personal Mortgage Insurance for about 10 years, you can pay it off earlier, but we went through it and it’s not easy. It’s also EXTREMELY difficult to put 20% down on houses that now start at 500k. How does that factor into a 50 yr mortgage? Also can you pay it off early, obviously you want this option with ANY loan, but devil is in the details. permalink parent award report block reply hatredcopter 1 points 3 hours ago What do you do to get rid of the PMI permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago You either put 20% down and avoid it, or you max out your interest payments in the first 5 years, you need to achieve a certain equity (sorry, I can’t remember the %) but once you’ve put enough equity (paying the banks interest) it can be dropped, we were never really able to add to that so we had to pay the insurance for 10 yrs until we had enough equity that the bank “trusted” us to pay them back the rest (principle)…. This is all a result of the 2009 bank collapse, where banks were bailed out… but consumers were punished for past bank usury and predatory lending. They gave out adjustable rate mortgages to a lot of people and then rates skyrocketed, people lost their homes when they couldn’t afford the payments, then the banks took those homes, then they sat on them for years, avoiding local property tax (zombie homes) only to sell them to cash contractors, they were called short sales and they were more unavailable to you then the already unavailable houses. Long one there…. Sorry for the text wall. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 1 points 2 hours ago When I bought my house, I couldnt hit the 20% down.  I put around 15% down, so I had to get PMI.  I had to pay the PMI until I hit the 20% threshold, which didnt take that long. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 3 hours ago A recent innovation in the Japanese real estate industry to promote home ownership is the creation of a 100-year mortgage term. The home, encumbered by the mortgage, becomes an ancestral property and is passed on from grandparent to grandchild in a multigenerational fashion. We analyze the implications of this innovative practice, contrast it with the conventional 30-year mortgage popular in Western nations and explore its unique benefits and limitations within the Japanese economic and cultural framework. Through the use of simulation, the conclusion is reached that the 100-year mortgage has failed to increase the affordability of homes. Instead, affluent homeowners are more likely to employ long-term mortgages as an estate-planning tool to reduce inheritance taxes permalink parent award report block reply
hatredcopter 1 points 3 hours ago What do you do to get rid of the PMI permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago You either put 20% down and avoid it, or you max out your interest payments in the first 5 years, you need to achieve a certain equity (sorry, I can’t remember the %) but once you’ve put enough equity (paying the banks interest) it can be dropped, we were never really able to add to that so we had to pay the insurance for 10 yrs until we had enough equity that the bank “trusted” us to pay them back the rest (principle)…. This is all a result of the 2009 bank collapse, where banks were bailed out… but consumers were punished for past bank usury and predatory lending. They gave out adjustable rate mortgages to a lot of people and then rates skyrocketed, people lost their homes when they couldn’t afford the payments, then the banks took those homes, then they sat on them for years, avoiding local property tax (zombie homes) only to sell them to cash contractors, they were called short sales and they were more unavailable to you then the already unavailable houses. Long one there…. Sorry for the text wall. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 1 points 2 hours ago When I bought my house, I couldnt hit the 20% down.  I put around 15% down, so I had to get PMI.  I had to pay the PMI until I hit the 20% threshold, which didnt take that long. permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland 3 points 3 hours ago You either put 20% down and avoid it, or you max out your interest payments in the first 5 years, you need to achieve a certain equity (sorry, I can’t remember the %) but once you’ve put enough equity (paying the banks interest) it can be dropped, we were never really able to add to that so we had to pay the insurance for 10 yrs until we had enough equity that the bank “trusted” us to pay them back the rest (principle)…. This is all a result of the 2009 bank collapse, where banks were bailed out… but consumers were punished for past bank usury and predatory lending. They gave out adjustable rate mortgages to a lot of people and then rates skyrocketed, people lost their homes when they couldn’t afford the payments, then the banks took those homes, then they sat on them for years, avoiding local property tax (zombie homes) only to sell them to cash contractors, they were called short sales and they were more unavailable to you then the already unavailable houses. Long one there…. Sorry for the text wall. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 1 points 2 hours ago When I bought my house, I couldnt hit the 20% down.  I put around 15% down, so I had to get PMI.  I had to pay the PMI until I hit the 20% threshold, which didnt take that long. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 3 hours ago A recent innovation in the Japanese real estate industry to promote home ownership is the creation of a 100-year mortgage term. The home, encumbered by the mortgage, becomes an ancestral property and is passed on from grandparent to grandchild in a multigenerational fashion. We analyze the implications of this innovative practice, contrast it with the conventional 30-year mortgage popular in Western nations and explore its unique benefits and limitations within the Japanese economic and cultural framework. Through the use of simulation, the conclusion is reached that the 100-year mortgage has failed to increase the affordability of homes. Instead, affluent homeowners are more likely to employ long-term mortgages as an estate-planning tool to reduce inheritance taxes permalink parent award report block reply
Southernwhitebread2 2 points 4 hours ago 6000 a year tax deductible permalink parent award report block reply
MocksFordComma 2 points 3 hours ago That's what I said: extremely low interest rates. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 3 points 3 hours ago Thats how it will start... permalink parent award report block reply
America_No_1 3 points 3 hours ago Thats how it will start... permalink parent award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 2 points 3 hours ago He should call out Too Late Jerome Powell more. permalink award report block reply
remigration 2 points 20 minutes ago You get lower payments so you can get into a house sooner, and you can pay it off as quickly as you want or refinance to a shorter term and a lower rate as your income grows. It's a no brainer, for the non-retarded. permalink award report block reply
Jbaz 1 points 3 hours ago Why isn’t everyone already doing 15 year mortgages instead of 30 year? Same argument as 50 year. You pay way less interest on a 15 year but the majority of people do 30 because it’s the cheapest monthly payment. permalink award report block reply nolefthandshakes 1 points 60 minutes ago because people can’t afford it? permalink parent award report block reply
nolefthandshakes 1 points 60 minutes ago because people can’t afford it? permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 1 points 3 hours ago You're not the only one. permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 10 minutes ago It's like blacklrock got to him or something permalink award report block reply
bluedevilga 1 points 3 hours ago my guess is there was some sort of agreement to tone down one hand in order to get what he wanted from the other hand. I think it will ebb back-and-forth permalink award report block reply
Sicsempertyrannis76 1 points 42 minutes ago most people sell and move before the standard 30 year mark.  I bet 50 would even have a higher rate of moves permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 18 minutes ago Trump has always supported H1B'S.   His past campaigns would regularly work overtime explaining away his H1B Slipups.  Trump always loved his H1B's.  The Tech Bros that shutoff his social media couldn't get close but are now his best friends, donors.  Fuck Trump and the Commerce Republican Party.  Trump turned on us for his Globohomo buddies.  Kiss the Midterms goodbye permalink award report block reply
Shinydenim 0 points 3 hours ago Why? Now more people can buy houses. Smart ones will just refinance. permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby -1 points 42 minutes ago If having a 50 year mortgage available is a problem for you, you are retarded. One, don’t get it if you don’t like it. Two, it’s easier to get for the young so it freezes their shelter costs until they sell it. That’s financially good for them. And if they want they can pay it faster or refinance permalink award report block reply
TrumpYouMagaFrenner -1 points 3 hours ago I guess Kamala should have won huh permalink award report block reply
TRUMPWON2020BYALOT -2 points 4 hours ago Take out 50 year mortgage Put your monthly savings into stonks ??????? Profit permalink award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 -5 points 4 hours ago You don't have to take out a 50 year. The banking and real estate idiots have been talking about 50 year mort for a decade or more. permalink award report block reply
Apersonofinterest -7 points 4 hours ago Then don’t get a 50 year mortgage. permalink award report block reply alfredbester OP 7 points 3 hours ago You are missing the point, fren. It's like the best concrete contractor in the world suggesting that other people cut the amount of steel in their foundation if that is the only way they can get the foundation laid. It's wrong and irresponsible to suggest such a thing. permalink parent award report block reply
alfredbester OP 7 points 3 hours ago You are missing the point, fren. It's like the best concrete contractor in the world suggesting that other people cut the amount of steel in their foundation if that is the only way they can get the foundation laid. It's wrong and irresponsible to suggest such a thing. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply