444 🇪🇸 Another young woman’s life destroyed in Spain.

A university student was walking home from an event when she was gang-raped by four Algerian men. 

She was found semi-conscious on a footpath, covered in leaves, without her underwear, bag, phone, or purse. posted 2 days ago by IlhansBrother 20 comments award share report block Michael McCarthy @punishablepress • 2d 🇪🇸 Another young woman’s life destroyed in Spain. A university student was walking home from an event when she was gang-raped by four Algerian men. She was found semi-conscious on a footpath, covered in leaves, without her underwear, bag, phone, or purse.
20 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness HaloGrow Lelleck 20 points 2 days ago If You have never visited Spain, Mallorca. Or parts of Germany, or Paris or London. Yes, it is that bad. And yes, women are brainwashed to rather blame white men, than address the real problem. They rape the most vulnerable naive ones. And the cops, as you had the chance to see, would rather target the ones who are reporting these events. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 15 points 2 days ago Rape is allowed in Islam. Allah gives his permission for it four times in the Quran. Four times. In case anyone doubted. Clearly rape is very important to Allah. permalink award report block reply reversethefraud 1 points 1 day ago I think you missed the broader point, which is that, In islam, there is no such thing as the golden rule, do unto others, etc.. In islam there are those who are the best of mankind (moslems), and there are the worst of "creatures" (unbelievers). Creatures are not human beings. Allah chose that word on purpose to more completely and clearly show his distinction between moslem and the unbeliever. Subsequently unbelievers have no right to anything. So rape them, kill them, don't rape them, don't kill them, it matters not for each of these actions is equal. There is no wrong or right way to treat the unbeliver. See the difference? Do you give a second thought to killing roaches or ants? You know, creatures. Unless you are conquering them, in which case you kill their men and boys and take the girls and women as slaves. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 1 day ago Allah didn't choose any words. Some gay pedo goat fucker did. Allah is fake and gay. Muhammad was a pedophile rapist. Piss on pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 1 day ago Four years here and you've never read my comments before? permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 14 points 2 days ago If you don't defend your religion (or in this case your culture) they will impose theirs. permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 9 points 2 days ago Elections have consequences. permalink award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 8 points 2 days ago So do stolen ones, which is basically what it is when you flood a country with illegal alien Islams and give them a kindred spirit to vote for. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago and so do worldviews. In fact, worldviews influence elections. More Christianity, more MAGA. Less Christianity, less MAGA, more WOKE. permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 5 points 1 day ago The rape of Europe continues unabated. permalink award report block reply blueeyephoto 5 points 1 day ago So many wars Spain fought to kick out the Moors, only for globalist assholes to open the borders and invite them back in. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 6 points 1 day ago "globalist assholes" descendants of the those who opened the Gates of Toledo.  history repeats. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 1 day ago Make Europe White and Christian again. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 1 day ago Imagine the gang rape etiquette. The last guy has all the rest of their jizz on his cock permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 1 day ago Correction:  Another liberal woman got what she voted for. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 1 day ago So therefore let’s continue to be conquered by sub80 IQ goat fuckers. That’ll really show ‘em. permalink parent award report block reply buster2209 2 points 1 day ago Yet it's not enough of a problem for young women to not be out in the streets alone permalink award report block reply SaxonRealm 1 points 1 day ago Time for a Reconquista 2.0 permalink award report block reply benjovikenobi 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Lelleck 20 points 2 days ago If You have never visited Spain, Mallorca. Or parts of Germany, or Paris or London. Yes, it is that bad. And yes, women are brainwashed to rather blame white men, than address the real problem. They rape the most vulnerable naive ones. And the cops, as you had the chance to see, would rather target the ones who are reporting these events. permalink award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 15 points 2 days ago Rape is allowed in Islam. Allah gives his permission for it four times in the Quran. Four times. In case anyone doubted. Clearly rape is very important to Allah. permalink award report block reply reversethefraud 1 points 1 day ago I think you missed the broader point, which is that, In islam, there is no such thing as the golden rule, do unto others, etc.. In islam there are those who are the best of mankind (moslems), and there are the worst of "creatures" (unbelievers). Creatures are not human beings. Allah chose that word on purpose to more completely and clearly show his distinction between moslem and the unbeliever. Subsequently unbelievers have no right to anything. So rape them, kill them, don't rape them, don't kill them, it matters not for each of these actions is equal. There is no wrong or right way to treat the unbeliver. See the difference? Do you give a second thought to killing roaches or ants? You know, creatures. Unless you are conquering them, in which case you kill their men and boys and take the girls and women as slaves. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 1 day ago Allah didn't choose any words. Some gay pedo goat fucker did. Allah is fake and gay. Muhammad was a pedophile rapist. Piss on pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 1 day ago Four years here and you've never read my comments before? permalink parent award report block reply
reversethefraud 1 points 1 day ago I think you missed the broader point, which is that, In islam, there is no such thing as the golden rule, do unto others, etc.. In islam there are those who are the best of mankind (moslems), and there are the worst of "creatures" (unbelievers). Creatures are not human beings. Allah chose that word on purpose to more completely and clearly show his distinction between moslem and the unbeliever. Subsequently unbelievers have no right to anything. So rape them, kill them, don't rape them, don't kill them, it matters not for each of these actions is equal. There is no wrong or right way to treat the unbeliver. See the difference? Do you give a second thought to killing roaches or ants? You know, creatures. Unless you are conquering them, in which case you kill their men and boys and take the girls and women as slaves. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 1 day ago Allah didn't choose any words. Some gay pedo goat fucker did. Allah is fake and gay. Muhammad was a pedophile rapist. Piss on pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 1 day ago Four years here and you've never read my comments before? permalink parent award report block reply
EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 1 day ago Allah didn't choose any words. Some gay pedo goat fucker did. Allah is fake and gay. Muhammad was a pedophile rapist. Piss on pisslam. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 1 day ago Four years here and you've never read my comments before? permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat 14 points 2 days ago If you don't defend your religion (or in this case your culture) they will impose theirs. permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 9 points 2 days ago Elections have consequences. permalink award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 8 points 2 days ago So do stolen ones, which is basically what it is when you flood a country with illegal alien Islams and give them a kindred spirit to vote for. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago and so do worldviews. In fact, worldviews influence elections. More Christianity, more MAGA. Less Christianity, less MAGA, more WOKE. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 8 points 2 days ago So do stolen ones, which is basically what it is when you flood a country with illegal alien Islams and give them a kindred spirit to vote for. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago and so do worldviews. In fact, worldviews influence elections. More Christianity, more MAGA. Less Christianity, less MAGA, more WOKE. permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 5 points 1 day ago The rape of Europe continues unabated. permalink award report block reply
blueeyephoto 5 points 1 day ago So many wars Spain fought to kick out the Moors, only for globalist assholes to open the borders and invite them back in. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 6 points 1 day ago "globalist assholes" descendants of the those who opened the Gates of Toledo.  history repeats. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 6 points 1 day ago "globalist assholes" descendants of the those who opened the Gates of Toledo.  history repeats. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 3 points 1 day ago Make Europe White and Christian again. permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 1 day ago Imagine the gang rape etiquette. The last guy has all the rest of their jizz on his cock permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 2 points 1 day ago Correction:  Another liberal woman got what she voted for. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 2 points 1 day ago So therefore let’s continue to be conquered by sub80 IQ goat fuckers. That’ll really show ‘em. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 2 points 1 day ago So therefore let’s continue to be conquered by sub80 IQ goat fuckers. That’ll really show ‘em. permalink parent award report block reply
buster2209 2 points 1 day ago Yet it's not enough of a problem for young women to not be out in the streets alone permalink award report block reply
SaxonRealm 1 points 1 day ago Time for a Reconquista 2.0 permalink award report block reply
benjovikenobi 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply