49 No one is "dooming." We're recalibrating for the next MORE IMPORTANT push for a true AMERICA FIRST candidate. posted 5 hours ago by BerettaStroker 17 comments award share report block And, no, it's not JD Vance. This cycle is cooked. That's fine, we'll focus on 2028 and beyond. No one is "giving up," we are just done settling for candidates that don't actually respresent the interests of the American people and being told that's not what is happening. 🙄 So, next step is: find or BE the next AMERICA FIRST candidate. If it's not you, find them and support them, on the ground and with your talents and $$, if possible. If it is you, join the local conservative groups, join the local GOP and start your ascent so you are ready when it's time.
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness HaloGrow jcd_007 10 points 5 hours ago Writing off the next election is not a good idea. A lot can change in 12 months and the Dems are a complete mess. permalink award report block reply fightfightfightx 8 points 4 hours ago they arent a mess they still control every institution, still get their way, and Trump is barely doing 5% of what he promised. He wont even mass deport. Doing just enough to inflame them so when they get power back they go 1000x harder than he ever did. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 4 hours ago The democratic party is in control of almost all cities and counties.  They are organized and a single voice with a strong narrative (even if it is a lie). permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 4 points 5 hours ago That is an eloquent point. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago If republicans lose the house in 2026, Trump will be fighting impeachment.  If democrats take the WH in 2028 with Gavin then the country is lost because a democratic president will push censorship hard and weaponize the DOJ/FBI against JD Vance and any republican that doesn't follow the line. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 5 hours ago Well said. Maybe this post can get a sticky instead of a Gateway Pundit bot. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker OP 7 points 5 hours ago Unlikely, lol. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 5 points 4 hours ago I don't think we will ever get anywhere if we can't separate from the RNC/GOP. they will continue to give you a choice between two shit sandwiches permalink award report block reply TGNX 2 points 4 hours ago MAGA has been, and likely always will be, infiltrated by leftoids trying to demoralize and destroy from within. The important point there is to see it for what it is and reject it. Do not give in to the negative and find a positive to work towards. In that vein, contact your senators, representatives, and The White House and let them all know how you stand on immigration, again. This talk has made the rounds before (all of us with the short memory) and we had to course correct Trump and our people then, as well. Giving up the midterms WHICH ARE A YEAR AWAY because of this shit isn't MAGA, it's a psyop. Same as yesterday. Same as last year. Same as last term. Old shit stuck on new shoes. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 2 hours ago If the democrats gain control of the government at all... there will be no more citizenship at all. It literally cannot happen. permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 1 points 5 hours ago Miller /Zeldin 2028. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 2 hours ago You guys dont understand how other ethnicities/nationalities work. They seek to parasitise your shit. If the dems win, the country will be flooded with dozens of millions of 3rd world foreigners who will carve up parts of the country for themselves. You will never be able to undo it or fix it. You will not have citizenship or any historic american rights. You have no idea how bad it is. The dems literally cannot be allowed to take power and must be stopped at literally all costs. permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 4 hours ago I still think it could be JD Vance.  He has not yet been able to reveal his true power levels, which will be on display starting in mid 2026. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker OP 2 points 4 hours ago Vance will do whatever Peter Thiel tells him to. He is a gateway to Patriot Act 2.0 permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago America first is all that matters now.  We must work to support Millennial and GenZ over foreigners.  The Clintons sold us all out with the H1B-visa laws.  Obama sold out the middle class with ACA.  We must be anti-democratic and pro-republican even if it hurts.  Lets work to get Trump to fight against corporations and replace H1B-visa workers with US workers.  First lets get Trump to write an EO that any H1B-visa worker costs the company 20% of the salary they pay.  This fee goes to the federal government with the corporate taxes. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 0 points 5 hours ago Excellent, positive post. By writing off Trump, we can focus on the next iteration of MAGA candidates. However we do need to maintain our criticism as a litmus test for future MAGA voices. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker OP 5 points 5 hours ago "MAGA" has been corrupted or bought and sold. AMERICA FIRST, AMERICA ONLY is the only way forward. permalink parent award report block reply
jcd_007 10 points 5 hours ago Writing off the next election is not a good idea. A lot can change in 12 months and the Dems are a complete mess. permalink award report block reply fightfightfightx 8 points 4 hours ago they arent a mess they still control every institution, still get their way, and Trump is barely doing 5% of what he promised. He wont even mass deport. Doing just enough to inflame them so when they get power back they go 1000x harder than he ever did. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 4 hours ago The democratic party is in control of almost all cities and counties.  They are organized and a single voice with a strong narrative (even if it is a lie). permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 4 points 5 hours ago That is an eloquent point. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago If republicans lose the house in 2026, Trump will be fighting impeachment.  If democrats take the WH in 2028 with Gavin then the country is lost because a democratic president will push censorship hard and weaponize the DOJ/FBI against JD Vance and any republican that doesn't follow the line. permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 8 points 4 hours ago they arent a mess they still control every institution, still get their way, and Trump is barely doing 5% of what he promised. He wont even mass deport. Doing just enough to inflame them so when they get power back they go 1000x harder than he ever did. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 4 hours ago The democratic party is in control of almost all cities and counties.  They are organized and a single voice with a strong narrative (even if it is a lie). permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 4 hours ago The democratic party is in control of almost all cities and counties.  They are organized and a single voice with a strong narrative (even if it is a lie). permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 4 points 5 hours ago That is an eloquent point. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago If republicans lose the house in 2026, Trump will be fighting impeachment.  If democrats take the WH in 2028 with Gavin then the country is lost because a democratic president will push censorship hard and weaponize the DOJ/FBI against JD Vance and any republican that doesn't follow the line. permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 5 hours ago Well said. Maybe this post can get a sticky instead of a Gateway Pundit bot. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker OP 7 points 5 hours ago Unlikely, lol. permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker OP 7 points 5 hours ago Unlikely, lol. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 5 points 4 hours ago I don't think we will ever get anywhere if we can't separate from the RNC/GOP. they will continue to give you a choice between two shit sandwiches permalink award report block reply
TGNX 2 points 4 hours ago MAGA has been, and likely always will be, infiltrated by leftoids trying to demoralize and destroy from within. The important point there is to see it for what it is and reject it. Do not give in to the negative and find a positive to work towards. In that vein, contact your senators, representatives, and The White House and let them all know how you stand on immigration, again. This talk has made the rounds before (all of us with the short memory) and we had to course correct Trump and our people then, as well. Giving up the midterms WHICH ARE A YEAR AWAY because of this shit isn't MAGA, it's a psyop. Same as yesterday. Same as last year. Same as last term. Old shit stuck on new shoes. permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 2 hours ago If the democrats gain control of the government at all... there will be no more citizenship at all. It literally cannot happen. permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 1 points 5 hours ago Miller /Zeldin 2028. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 2 hours ago You guys dont understand how other ethnicities/nationalities work. They seek to parasitise your shit. If the dems win, the country will be flooded with dozens of millions of 3rd world foreigners who will carve up parts of the country for themselves. You will never be able to undo it or fix it. You will not have citizenship or any historic american rights. You have no idea how bad it is. The dems literally cannot be allowed to take power and must be stopped at literally all costs. permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 1 points 4 hours ago I still think it could be JD Vance.  He has not yet been able to reveal his true power levels, which will be on display starting in mid 2026. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker OP 2 points 4 hours ago Vance will do whatever Peter Thiel tells him to. He is a gateway to Patriot Act 2.0 permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker OP 2 points 4 hours ago Vance will do whatever Peter Thiel tells him to. He is a gateway to Patriot Act 2.0 permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago America first is all that matters now.  We must work to support Millennial and GenZ over foreigners.  The Clintons sold us all out with the H1B-visa laws.  Obama sold out the middle class with ACA.  We must be anti-democratic and pro-republican even if it hurts.  Lets work to get Trump to fight against corporations and replace H1B-visa workers with US workers.  First lets get Trump to write an EO that any H1B-visa worker costs the company 20% of the salary they pay.  This fee goes to the federal government with the corporate taxes. permalink award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 0 points 5 hours ago Excellent, positive post. By writing off Trump, we can focus on the next iteration of MAGA candidates. However we do need to maintain our criticism as a litmus test for future MAGA voices. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker OP 5 points 5 hours ago "MAGA" has been corrupted or bought and sold. AMERICA FIRST, AMERICA ONLY is the only way forward. permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker OP 5 points 5 hours ago "MAGA" has been corrupted or bought and sold. AMERICA FIRST, AMERICA ONLY is the only way forward. permalink parent award report block reply