601 Instead of sucking up to Hindus in Silicon Valley in June who ordered him to bring in more H1Bs, Vance should have listened to poor Ohioans who made him VP - "Nearly half of all H-1B visas didn’t go to top global talent. They went to outsourcing mills running duplicate entries and wage-cut schemes." posted 6 days ago by bleeje 16 comments award share report block Amanda Goodall @thejobchick • 13d H-1B abuse has robbed Americans of opportunity. Nearly half of all H-1B visas didn’t go to top global talent. They went to outsourcing mills running duplicate entries and wage-cut schemes. “companies often use the visa program to hire lower-paid workers - and do so
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno MastaJoda 17 points 6 days ago Vance is NOT the answer after Trump. permalink award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 6 points 6 days ago Stephen Miller! Or Rubio. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago He literally is and this post is made up bullshit permalink parent award report block reply BerettaStroker 16 points 6 days ago Hahaha, he has a brown wife, he ain't doin shit about H1Bs. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago Faggot, he was the first person in the administration to bring awareness to the problem. Go back to Reddit faggot permalink parent award report block reply Squentin 14 points 6 days ago Are poor Ohioans going to elect Vivek? permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 6 days ago If they are, they will rue the day.
Vivek is the Indian version of BHO.
He will say anything to get elected.
He is just another grifter. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 13 points 6 days ago Every gas station, Subway, Burger King, Dunkin Donuts, Walmart, and on and on and on is full of them. permalink award report block reply Hoodlum 4 points 6 days ago Good thing they have the business acumen to game the SBA for the loans that are only available to them. Truly our superiors. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 10 points 6 days ago H1-b's ... are driving for Uber! permalink award report block reply Ice_Joker 5 points 6 days ago You're starting to get the influence his wife and her caste have on him. permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 6 points 6 days ago Lol when I commented about this exact thing you mentioned one month ago, a huge group of furious Boomercons mass downvoted me and blasted me and tried to have me banned. So nope, I know all too well. Btw there's a guy claiming to be Gen Z here called MAGA9428 and that guy led the charge back then claiming H1Bs aren't a problem and that I was "obsessed". These people will do anything to betray the American worker and boost foreigners. permalink parent award report block reply Senaleb 4 points 6 days ago My favorite is when pols act like they don't know much about h1-bs and they'll "Look into it" ...that's 100% a lie. They knew about it in 2000. They knew about in in 08 and they know about it now. permalink award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 3 points 6 days ago Deloitte, Cognizant, Accenture, Tech Mahindra, and on and on and on permalink award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 2 points 6 days ago Hold up… You’re trying to tell me that the people who constantly try to scam me out of my hard earned money are gaming the system to take legitimate jobs too?! No way!! permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 6 days ago Low iq post is low iq permalink award report block reply
MastaJoda 17 points 6 days ago Vance is NOT the answer after Trump. permalink award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 6 points 6 days ago Stephen Miller! Or Rubio. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago He literally is and this post is made up bullshit permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 6 points 6 days ago Stephen Miller! Or Rubio. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago He literally is and this post is made up bullshit permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker 16 points 6 days ago Hahaha, he has a brown wife, he ain't doin shit about H1Bs. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago Faggot, he was the first person in the administration to bring awareness to the problem. Go back to Reddit faggot permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago Faggot, he was the first person in the administration to bring awareness to the problem. Go back to Reddit faggot permalink parent award report block reply
Squentin 14 points 6 days ago Are poor Ohioans going to elect Vivek? permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 6 days ago If they are, they will rue the day.
Vivek is the Indian version of BHO.
He will say anything to get elected.
He is just another grifter. permalink parent award report block reply
Tacitus1963 2 points 6 days ago If they are, they will rue the day.
Vivek is the Indian version of BHO.
He will say anything to get elected.
He is just another grifter. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 13 points 6 days ago Every gas station, Subway, Burger King, Dunkin Donuts, Walmart, and on and on and on is full of them. permalink award report block reply Hoodlum 4 points 6 days ago Good thing they have the business acumen to game the SBA for the loans that are only available to them. Truly our superiors. permalink parent award report block reply
Hoodlum 4 points 6 days ago Good thing they have the business acumen to game the SBA for the loans that are only available to them. Truly our superiors. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 10 points 6 days ago H1-b's ... are driving for Uber! permalink award report block reply
Ice_Joker 5 points 6 days ago You're starting to get the influence his wife and her caste have on him. permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 6 points 6 days ago Lol when I commented about this exact thing you mentioned one month ago, a huge group of furious Boomercons mass downvoted me and blasted me and tried to have me banned. So nope, I know all too well. Btw there's a guy claiming to be Gen Z here called MAGA9428 and that guy led the charge back then claiming H1Bs aren't a problem and that I was "obsessed". These people will do anything to betray the American worker and boost foreigners. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje OP 6 points 6 days ago Lol when I commented about this exact thing you mentioned one month ago, a huge group of furious Boomercons mass downvoted me and blasted me and tried to have me banned. So nope, I know all too well. Btw there's a guy claiming to be Gen Z here called MAGA9428 and that guy led the charge back then claiming H1Bs aren't a problem and that I was "obsessed". These people will do anything to betray the American worker and boost foreigners. permalink parent award report block reply
Senaleb 4 points 6 days ago My favorite is when pols act like they don't know much about h1-bs and they'll "Look into it" ...that's 100% a lie. They knew about it in 2000. They knew about in in 08 and they know about it now. permalink award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 3 points 6 days ago Deloitte, Cognizant, Accenture, Tech Mahindra, and on and on and on permalink award report block reply
OldGamerGuy79 2 points 6 days ago Hold up… You’re trying to tell me that the people who constantly try to scam me out of my hard earned money are gaming the system to take legitimate jobs too?! No way!! permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 6 days ago Low iq post is low iq permalink award report block reply