1207 Because, why not?  DC jury finds DC man, not guilty of assaulting federal agent with Subway sandwich. posted 6 days ago by thisisatestof2 203 comments award share download report block
203 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style 5DchessWatch 139 points 6 days ago Does this case establish judicial precedent legalizing throwing subway sandwiches at federal law enforcement officers? permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 118 points 6 days ago We throw sandwiches at all of them, senators, congressmen, mayor and governors. Play by their rules. permalink parent award report block reply 1True-translation 76 points 6 days ago I'd be just delighted to see this become a thing lol. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 35 points 6 days ago Looks like we have a modern day tar and feathering... Deli Meat and Mayo :p permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 16 points 6 days ago WNBA enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ModernKnight 9 points 6 days ago BLTs at all the filthy Mohammadan and Yid politicians.  Roast beef for all the street shitters.  Any meat and dairy for the vegans. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yukondave 4 points 6 days ago Antifa suggests you freeze the sandwich first permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Artisanal Stoneloaf bread.... permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago Make sure it's at least 3 weeks old permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 11 points 6 days ago Dildos and sandwiches. What a combination. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 4 points 6 days ago Lindsey Graham would love that, actually permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 4 points 6 days ago Be sure to refer to the sandwich as a Jared. permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 4 points 6 days ago Green Dildos would be funnier. permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 3 points 6 days ago Certain tribes get a ham sandwich.. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 42 points 6 days ago you'd get 20 years 2 tier justice permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 9 points 6 days ago This guy pays attention permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 11 points 6 days ago We build THE SANDWICH CANNON And use it against Antifa. Now legal in DC ! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Will this ruling result in practical railgun technology? permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 6 days ago Or the three person launcher https://www.amazon.com/Balloons-Launcher-Slingshot-Football-Catapult/dp/B07MT924SV permalink parent award report block reply Doomsday545 5 points 6 days ago Sounds to me like ICE can begin throwing sandwiches at rioters who try to block them. I support moving SNAP money to allow ICE to purchase their new Crowd Control Sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 4 points 6 days ago Great idea. I love it. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 6 days ago They should be Bologna sandwiches.  Don't waste the best meats on them. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... thisisatestof2 OP 52 points 6 days ago I would love for someone to throw a sandwich at some liberal protester in DC. Why do I have a feeling the court would ignore this precedent and find you guilty. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 17 points 6 days ago Your pattern recognition is on point permalink parent award report block reply HumanSomewhere 2 points 6 days ago jury trials cut both ways.  remember this anytime you go somewhere where 95% of the people hate your guts. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago Throw it at the judges. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago If you looked pathetic and did it in a tantrum like this guy I bet you'd get away with it. permalink parent award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 9 points 6 days ago Yes, yes, and yes. If you go to court for it, precedent has been set. Get rekt. permalink parent award report block reply abstr4ct 8 points 6 days ago Serious question, Does this mean we can we throw sandwiches at judges? I somehow doubt the judge would be cool with getting pelted in court when they are doing their job. permalink parent award report block reply Bearcat_batch 2 points 6 days ago Technically no. Trial courts do not create precedence, appeals courts do permalink parent award report block reply drattastic1 6 points 6 days ago It's Washington, did you expect to see a democrat punished for a crime? permalink parent award report block reply load 15 more comments... 24601 56 points 6 days ago Something about indicting a ham sandwich seems appropriate.... However, maybe we need a new AG.  Blondi ain't cutting it. permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 29 points 6 days ago A D.C. jury is going to side with whatever the Democrats want.  If they wanted anything resembling a sane trial they'd have to take it far from D.C. permalink parent award report block reply victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Unfortunately the constitution doesn't allow you to charge a crime outside the district it was committed in. permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 2 points 6 days ago How is D.C. its own district?  It has no non-scumbag permanent residents. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Well, the rats and pigeons.....they are the least non-scumbag permanent residents compared to the other inhabitants.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 5 days ago How is D.C. its own district? The Residence Act , signed into law by George Washington on July 16th, 1790 to ratify the demands of the constitution to create said district. The location came under agreement thanks to the Assumption Bill, which allowed the newly formed USA to assume the revolutionary war debts of the individual States. Later, in 1802, the District of Columbia Organic Act solidified the region as a district under congressional control and divided it into two counties. This also created the district court that you ask about. One of the counties didn't last longer than a few decades, and during this time there were still cities in DC. After the civil war, the newer District of Columbia Organic act of 1871 revoked those city charters and established a DC Territorial Government. For a broader answer to your second statement,  you may consider looking up DC Home Rule (1973), which leads to the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. Also, those in charge of the government in 2023 began allowing non-citizens to vote in DC local affairs. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 2 points 6 days ago You can request a change of venue to another district. This has been done at the prosecutor's request at least 22 times in 2025 alone because they wanted longer sentences than what the DC juries usually give, but they involved cases where a plea deal had already been struck and they pled guilty to something, at which point the DOJ can try them wherever they want. As a side note Biden's DOJ was especially good at getting defendants to cop to plea deals by threatening them with very serious sentences if they didn't plead out. Bondi on the other hand... permalink parent award report block reply shaaarbucks 2 points 6 days ago But we knew that from the start. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago The only sandwich Blondi knows is between Vance and Trump permalink parent award report block reply warlord30 44 points 6 days ago If I threw a piece of fried chicken at a black guy... would that be assault? Curious minds want to know. permalink award report block reply NukeTheTroons 10 points 6 days ago Right? I’ve seen cop shows where if they throw anything it’s assault. This is setting a new precedent permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 6 days ago There could be anything in that sandwich. You think that's mayo and Dijon mustard? permalink parent award report block reply warlord30 2 points 6 days ago Yep! permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's a stupid D.C. jury, so consider the jury pool...... permalink parent award report block reply NoStepNovember 6 points 6 days ago In that case, I bet it would be considered reparations and feeding the hungry. No crime committed. Trump turnt dem 'yamps off, so it be fair permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 1 points 6 days ago Ebt permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 6 days ago Not if it's between two slices of bread, because then it's a sandwich. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Obviously, that would be the worst crime in the history of the Republic, perhaps in all of history, once CNN and MSNBC got a hold of it......:) permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 30 points 6 days ago considering its on camera, the judicial system has ways to work around a jury when the evidence is this extreme but Pam is a useless piece of shit so nothing will happen you'd get 10 years if YOU did the same thing permalink award report block reply Zskills 19 points 6 days ago You or I would die in solitary confinement if we did this to an IRS agent permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 10 points 6 days ago What if it was a donut and hit the IRS agent in the mouth? permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Depends on the flavor..... permalink parent award report block reply PhilipeNegro 1 points 6 days ago That’s just good service permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. It would have been considered the most dangerous threat to the Republic since the Civil War..... permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago considering its on camera, the judicial system has ways to work around a jury when the evidence is this extreme No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York say you have the right to a trial by jury for offenses longer than six months, so some rogue judge can't find you guilty and throw you in jail for years because he's mad at you. you'd get 10 years if YOU did the same thing The problem we have is that the jury pool is drawn from an area that went 6% for Trump and 90% for Harris in the last election. Jury nullification on crimes committed against Trump allies is not surprising just like them throwing the book at J6ers wasn't unexpected either. permalink parent award report block reply Buildtheadytum 2 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts.  That would almost certainly afford the defendant an appeal though. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts. The defense can ask for a directed verdict of not guilty but the prosecution can’t do the same asking for a guilty verdict. A judge giving a directed verdict of guilty without sending it to the jury would violate the defendant’s Sixth Amendment rights. That is not a power you want to hand the government especially when Democrats hold power and want to target MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York why do people with no legal experience have to pretend like they do? Yes, the court system 100% allows ways around a jury nullification in cases of extreme evidence youre simply wrong but I understand that the law is rarely actually enforced think about this... Clarence Thomas can write 500 words that follow precedent and the law... then Kentaji DEI dumbass can write 10,000 words with 0 relevancy. If we had 1 more Kentanji on the USSC we become pure clown world where the law means nothing. Or think about how many corporations are openly violating discrimination laws but the victims are white so the judicial system protects those corporations, but they won't if the victim is black. We've been infiltrated by communists and activists and at the end of the day, the letter of the law means very little. Look are Jussie Smulliet. They literally got the special prosecutor on and he was convicted and then the judge threw it out over $10k with 0 logical reasoning in the decision. If the defendant was you, you'd be sitting in jail right now. As you should be, but Jussie was working wtih Kamala Harris on an anti-lynching bill when he did that hoax, so they bailed him out. You can't avoid a 10 year prison sentence with a special prosecutor and a conviction, simply because the initial prosecutor Kim Foxx was a democrat operative that intentionally tried to let the defendant off via corruption. People think the system has these rules that everyone follows. Its all posturing. When the interests of the executive branch line up with the judicial they can totally ignore the law. Judges make bullshit decisions all the time, hence all the new "precedent" that then gets changed 100x over. The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. If the defendant was a republican, and the jury did this, and the judge was a liberal, I bet you a lot of money you would see a different outcome here. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. Judgment notwithstanding verdict (JNOV) is what you’re thinking of but that can only be used in a criminal trial to throw out a guilty verdict the judge believes was improper. A judge can’t use JNOV to overturn an acquittal and declare someone guilty. It doesn’t take a Juris Doctor to know a judge can’t throw out a not guilty verdict because he suspects that it was due to jury nullification. Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example. The Bill of Rights isn’t a suggestion even if the left likes to pretend it is in cases they don’t agree with (see extreme gun laws, for example). permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example The law doesnt provide for that. They were actually innocent. The evidence all supported they were innocent. You think the judge would let a jury say "not guilty" to a case where a guy went up and executed a black family while shouting the N word? all on video, from multiple angles? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... BidensPrisonWallet 21 points 6 days ago Not really wanting to toss a wet blanket on anybody's dreams but you can expect this result top to bottom on DC area court results. Comey, etc will skate. permalink award report block reply victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Comey wasn't charged in DC but Virginia. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 15 points 6 days ago Virginia just elected an Attorney General who said that he wanted to murder his political opponent's children and called for cops to be killed. You wont find justice there. Also, the judge is Comey's friend. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's such a small world.... permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 3 points 6 days ago "DC area" permalink parent award report block reply Stossels_stach 20 points 6 days ago The Jussie Smollet ruling permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 19 points 6 days ago If a conservative threw a sandwich at Pelosi in protest they would throw them in prison for years permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 8 points 6 days ago Considering they threw hundreds of people in a gulag for years without a trial for walking around the capitol taking selfies, I'd say this is maaaaaaybe a little selective prosecution out of political bias... permalink parent award report block reply CrabbyTurtle2 12 points 6 days ago Time to start throwing subway subs at judges in DC permalink award report block reply worldowedexplanation 2 points 5 days ago Make sure you yell “Black Lives Matter” when you do it and masquerade as a brain dead liberal just to confuse them. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 11 points 6 days ago Cant even get arrests for blatant assault now permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago Oh sure you can. Be a Trump supporter and watch it happen. permalink parent award report block reply yourheadasplode 1 points 6 days ago Arrests? Sure. Convictions? Oh hell no. The first appeases the masses. Most people don’t seem to give a shit about the latter. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago How about if we throw a green dildo at that troon in Congress Tim McBride? permalink award report block reply Zskills 3 points 6 days ago Has to be shaped like a subway sandwich permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Tim McBride uses green dildos shaped like Subway sandwiches? Probably true and real. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago He'll catch it in his ass. permalink parent award report block reply SteelDriver 7 points 6 days ago The judicial system is bullshit.  People have allowed their politics to totally cloud their judgement (Trump convictions in NY and and obvious case of assault brushed aside in DC; never mind the dearth of convictions during the summer of 2020). permalink award report block reply Diotima 7 points 6 days ago Oh so I can throw a sandwich at anyone I want and cite this case as precedent? permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 6 points 6 days ago Add jury nullification to the list of things the radical left is willing to do against us permalink award report block reply Cyber1776 6 points 6 days ago Attack someone with a sandwich is pretty silly permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 4 points 6 days ago The guy was so weak, the only thing he could do in anger was “Throw the sandwich!” permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 6 days ago True. He left his purse at his desk..... permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 6 points 6 days ago So if we can throw sandwiches at Federal Agents, can we throw rotten tomatoes at politicians?  Is that going to be legal now? permalink award report block reply TrancePhreak 5 points 6 days ago Anarcho-tyranny will continue until the DC court is dissolved. permalink award report block reply mass55th 5 points 6 days ago Throwing anything at anyone is not protesting. Now this asshat will likely sue to get his job back. permalink award report block reply Beachbum2023 4 points 6 days ago If he shot them he would also be found innocent in DC permalink award report block reply MidwestZoomer 4 points 6 days ago Soap box: gone. Ballot box: gone. Jury box: gone. permalink award report block reply dumbcomputerguy 4 points 6 days ago Im going to subway tomorrow to get some sandwiches to throw at strangers.  extra mayo permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 4 points 6 days ago What about ham sandwiches at the NYC Mayor? permalink award report block reply RomeIsFalling 4 points 6 days ago While a sandwich is kind of funny to throw, understand it will turn into milkshakes, then acid filled milkshakes. Think I am joking? Ask Andy Gno about being milkshaked with concrete mix. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago Let the sandwich throwing commence. permalink award report block reply PunishedSnek 3 points 6 days ago He dindu muffin he was jus feeding him permalink award report block reply Dallasguy 3 points 6 days ago Nice. My fucking mailman is in for it the next time I see him. permalink award report block reply AwareandNonCompliant 3 points 6 days ago We should follow these jurors and make sure not a day goes by that someone doesn’t throw a sandwich at them. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago Well govt “workers” are fat assholes….so maybe they were trying to get them to perform a trick for the sandwich? permalink award report block reply TheSwampThang 3 points 6 days ago DC is probably the most liberal city not on the west coast. permalink award report block reply Eluf-ant 3 points 5 days ago The jury system in DC, is the equivalent to "we investigated our selves and found no wrong doing" permalink award report block reply frankenbox 3 points 6 days ago It wasn't "assault" assault. permalink award report block reply MooseStangSally 2 points 6 days ago Mostly peaceful assault? permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 3 points 6 days ago What kind of sandwich was it? Also wouldn't actually hitting someone be "battery" not assault? permalink award report block reply Probably_tryna_sleep 3 points 6 days ago Time to start heaving chunky peanut butter sandwiches at all the faggoty leftists with peanut allergies. Courts have found this to be free speech, and how was anyone supposed to know who is allergic to peanuts. permalink award report block reply NazisWereSocialist 3 points 6 days ago I’m a fan of jury nullification as a concept, but this dude deserved some punishment, maybe the process and cost of an attorney and stuff was enough for this crime but it was definitely a crime. permalink award report block reply behemoth887 3 points 6 days ago the libs are throwin those $15 subway sandwiches around i guess they don't need SNAP after all permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 6 days ago I knew there was a reason I havent ate one in awhile. permalink parent award report block reply Dem_slayer 3 points 6 days ago In democrat jurisdictions laws don't matter only feelings. permalink award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 3 points 6 days ago Charge him a different way. Why is this even a jury trial? permalink award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 2 points 6 days ago WELCOME TO AFRICA. this is africas second continent! permalink award report block reply asiatrails 2 points 6 days ago Margarine is not a weapon; this jerk got fired, now watch him try to sue to get his job back.  But wait, the gowernment is shut down so there is nothing to sue for (yet) permalink award report block reply VirtusHonos 2 points 6 days ago This feels like those summer of love cement milkshakes permalink award report block reply Wtfbombs 2 points 6 days ago Use fists since they're literally knuckle sandwich permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 2 points 6 days ago He had malicious intent. It is a crime of assault. permalink award report block reply sully 2 points 6 days ago So we're just throwing out the defining trait of what assault is? Lol ok. permalink award report block reply Tmntnyc 2 points 6 days ago (a) A person commits the offense of aggravated assault if: (1) By any means, that person knowingly or purposely causes serious bodily injury to another person; or (2) Under circumstances manifesting extreme indifference to human life, that person intentionally or knowingly engages in conduct which creates a grave risk of serious bodily injury to another person, and thereby causes serious bodily injury. They charge with felony-level assault. It's a misdemeanor at best but they wanted to make an example. Prosecutor even tried to say the sandwich "exploded on the agent". The most they could have gotten the guy was a fine but they wanted it to be a felony so they charged and the jury didn't find a thrown sanwich capable of inflicting serious or grave bodily harm. You can't just downgrade a charge based on whether the jury finds the defendant guilty or not. They went for the most severe and it didn't satisfy the criteria. I agree the guy should have been punished but let's be honest, it wasn't a rock or a brick, it was a limp hoagie. Thow him in jail for a week and give him a $500 fine, like any other misdeamnor. permalink award report block reply Trunks 2 points 6 days ago If I had been the officer, I would've packed a footlong and hit him in the head with it as he exited the courtroom. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 2 points 6 days ago The classic drunk faggot defense? permalink award report block reply Patriot_Rob 2 points 6 days ago It is the definition of assault, maybe not battery but still an assault. permalink award report block reply medicpatriot 2 points 6 days ago Find something else and charge him again permalink award report block reply American-Patriot 2 points 6 days ago If you're conservative, GET THE FUCK OUT of a liberal city!
Your "peers" will literally deny all your rights should you be charged! permalink award report block reply KneadThePeople 2 points 6 days ago As a J6er who spent nearly 2 years locked away for wholly non-violent charges…fuck. permalink award report block reply Kilroy 2 points 6 days ago If I lived  in DC, I'd throw a sandwich at every democrat I ran across, every day. permalink award report block reply SameUnderstanding 2 points 6 days ago What's even the point of having a court if no one gets any punishments for crimes permalink award report block reply Visceroth 2 points 6 days ago time to throw sandwiches at federal judges in DC? permalink award report block reply Hooliganism420 1 points 6 days ago Reverse Smollet permalink award report block reply Spartacus1188 1 points 6 days ago Eat fresh. permalink award report block reply This_will_be_public 1 points 6 days ago The found it not being assault because the contents of the sub remained in the wrapper and never got into the officers mouth. Otherwise they would have found the guy guilty of attempted murder by sandwich ingestion. permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 days ago I think it's a travesty. Imagine wasting such an expensive meal on throwing it. What next Dominos? permalink award report block reply JC81 1 points 6 days ago Throw the sandwiches at the judge, the jury and the lawyers. Make it a brick sandwich. permalink award report block reply Harvestsmiles 1 points 6 days ago Seems the precedent has been set. How about green Dillo sandwiches? permalink award report block reply 67Vert 1 points 6 days ago No linking is gay.  OP is a homo permalink award report block reply _4TheRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Was it a foot long?… and did it have mustard on it? permalink award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 1 points 5 days ago ANTIFA Subway customer:  12" turkey on wheat please. Subway sammich maker:  toppings? ANTIFA Subway customer:  lettuce, tomato, pickles ..... and can you add those spikey things like they have on those old mace balls? permalink award report block reply Au_contrarian 1 points 6 days ago I think the reason this happened is because the law of assault in DC requires that you intend to injure the person as a legal element. It's a fair debate on whether throwing a sub sandwich would qualify. It might be that the wrong charge was brought. permalink award report block reply dorsalmorsel 1 points 6 days ago That's it.  We are pelting insufferable d bag lefties with sandwiches. I mean, not expensive foot long ones.  Find the cheap ones from walmart deli.  They are all dried out on the outside and wet mushy on the inside where the smeat is.  I'll still eat them.  But I will complain. permalink award report block reply Annoyedone 1 points 6 days ago If you yell 'Food Fight' Before throwing it, its fare game permalink award report block reply breathittbill 1 points 6 days ago At least he wasn’t hiding a brick inside the bread permalink award report block reply Liberats 1 points 5 days ago Does it count if you ordered a house brick sandwich? Asking for a friend. permalink award report block reply JackOfAllTirades 1 points 6 days ago "Beat Fresh" permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 6 days ago "Why isn't the Trump administration arresting everybody?" permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 6 days ago What if I put one of Wyle E. Coyote's Acme anvils inside the sandwich? permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 6 days ago Federal charges, GO! permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 6 days ago Can we throw BLT sandwiches at mooslims? permalink award report block reply kornesque 1 points 6 days ago Cool, judges want sammys thrown at them. permalink award report block reply 559throw 1 points 6 days ago Ok, so now it's legal to assault him with a sandwich. If only Quiznos was still around, those crispy edges of the bread might make it hurt a little more permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 5 days ago Ok now charge the man for littering and wasting food permalink award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago Be realistic a sandwich to the head is better than a face full of pepper spray. An eye for an eye permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 1 points 6 days ago BLT or meatball? permalink award report block reply Trump737 0 points 6 days ago I mean if it had jalepenos i can see pepper assault , but otherwise no.  Ever touch ur eye after handling a jalepeno? permalink award report block reply WastedTime 0 points 6 days ago But what KIND of sandwich was thrown? The ruling may only to that specific one. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 6 days ago veggie patty permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago Sounds like bio-terrorism to me permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 6 days ago its a real thing at subway permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago I know, but those veggie patties aint right. Eat a real protein. permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 0 points 6 days ago Unless there was a pipe or chemical in it, I'm incline to agree. Oh or if the person was hitting with a fist that also had a sammy, I'd consider that assault.  I haven't seen the video. Nor do I really care. Bigger stuff to care about. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 6 days ago I think you don't understand what assault is, vs battery. permalink parent award report block reply Meddlesom 0 points 6 days ago We are a truly pussified country if we're going to get this butthurt over someone throwing a fucking sandwich at someone. permalink award report block reply f_bastiat 0 points 6 days ago It was funny tbh, I wouldn't call it assault. It's less assaulting than getting a pillow slung at you full speed. It should be illegal but I don't know what you would call it. permalink award report block reply Judiwont 0 points 6 days ago The process is the punishment permalink award report block reply BusterHyman99 -3 points 6 days ago It was retarded to bring this case anyway permalink award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot -3 points 6 days ago An assault charge for this was ridiculous to begin with. Now that the guy is not guilty I wonder if he can get his DOJ job back. permalink award report block reply victory2024 5 points 6 days ago It's literally assault. What else would you call if if someone throws an object at someone else? permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot -1 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think so. No jury was going to convict someone for assault for throwing a sandwich - especially after the cop was testifying about being able to smell the onions. And now the admin looks weak and petty as hell bc they couldn't get a jury to agree that this was a criminal offense. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think about shit. It's all politics, liberals won't convict liberals of a crime. The jury system is a failure. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 0 points 6 days ago People get convicted everyday so that dog doesn't hunt. In this case nobody in their right mind is going to convict some guy for assault for throwing a sandwich at some cop. They should have arrested this guy, held him for awhilebto make a point, then let him go. Now they look like oversensitive fags and the problem of assaulting cops is going to get WORSE bc the prosecutor couldn't seal the deal. This shit backfired in the worst way. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 139 points 6 days ago Does this case establish judicial precedent legalizing throwing subway sandwiches at federal law enforcement officers? permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 118 points 6 days ago We throw sandwiches at all of them, senators, congressmen, mayor and governors. Play by their rules. permalink parent award report block reply 1True-translation 76 points 6 days ago I'd be just delighted to see this become a thing lol. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 35 points 6 days ago Looks like we have a modern day tar and feathering... Deli Meat and Mayo :p permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 16 points 6 days ago WNBA enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ModernKnight 9 points 6 days ago BLTs at all the filthy Mohammadan and Yid politicians.  Roast beef for all the street shitters.  Any meat and dairy for the vegans. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yukondave 4 points 6 days ago Antifa suggests you freeze the sandwich first permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Artisanal Stoneloaf bread.... permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago Make sure it's at least 3 weeks old permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 11 points 6 days ago Dildos and sandwiches. What a combination. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 4 points 6 days ago Lindsey Graham would love that, actually permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 4 points 6 days ago Be sure to refer to the sandwich as a Jared. permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 4 points 6 days ago Green Dildos would be funnier. permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 3 points 6 days ago Certain tribes get a ham sandwich.. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 42 points 6 days ago you'd get 20 years 2 tier justice permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 9 points 6 days ago This guy pays attention permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 11 points 6 days ago We build THE SANDWICH CANNON And use it against Antifa. Now legal in DC ! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Will this ruling result in practical railgun technology? permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 6 days ago Or the three person launcher https://www.amazon.com/Balloons-Launcher-Slingshot-Football-Catapult/dp/B07MT924SV permalink parent award report block reply Doomsday545 5 points 6 days ago Sounds to me like ICE can begin throwing sandwiches at rioters who try to block them. I support moving SNAP money to allow ICE to purchase their new Crowd Control Sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 4 points 6 days ago Great idea. I love it. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 6 days ago They should be Bologna sandwiches.  Don't waste the best meats on them. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... thisisatestof2 OP 52 points 6 days ago I would love for someone to throw a sandwich at some liberal protester in DC. Why do I have a feeling the court would ignore this precedent and find you guilty. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 17 points 6 days ago Your pattern recognition is on point permalink parent award report block reply HumanSomewhere 2 points 6 days ago jury trials cut both ways.  remember this anytime you go somewhere where 95% of the people hate your guts. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago Throw it at the judges. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago If you looked pathetic and did it in a tantrum like this guy I bet you'd get away with it. permalink parent award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 9 points 6 days ago Yes, yes, and yes. If you go to court for it, precedent has been set. Get rekt. permalink parent award report block reply abstr4ct 8 points 6 days ago Serious question, Does this mean we can we throw sandwiches at judges? I somehow doubt the judge would be cool with getting pelted in court when they are doing their job. permalink parent award report block reply Bearcat_batch 2 points 6 days ago Technically no. Trial courts do not create precedence, appeals courts do permalink parent award report block reply drattastic1 6 points 6 days ago It's Washington, did you expect to see a democrat punished for a crime? permalink parent award report block reply load 15 more comments...
Counterwhat 118 points 6 days ago We throw sandwiches at all of them, senators, congressmen, mayor and governors. Play by their rules. permalink parent award report block reply 1True-translation 76 points 6 days ago I'd be just delighted to see this become a thing lol. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 35 points 6 days ago Looks like we have a modern day tar and feathering... Deli Meat and Mayo :p permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 16 points 6 days ago WNBA enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ModernKnight 9 points 6 days ago BLTs at all the filthy Mohammadan and Yid politicians.  Roast beef for all the street shitters.  Any meat and dairy for the vegans. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yukondave 4 points 6 days ago Antifa suggests you freeze the sandwich first permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Artisanal Stoneloaf bread.... permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago Make sure it's at least 3 weeks old permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 11 points 6 days ago Dildos and sandwiches. What a combination. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 4 points 6 days ago Lindsey Graham would love that, actually permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 4 points 6 days ago Be sure to refer to the sandwich as a Jared. permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 4 points 6 days ago Green Dildos would be funnier. permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 3 points 6 days ago Certain tribes get a ham sandwich.. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 42 points 6 days ago you'd get 20 years 2 tier justice permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 9 points 6 days ago This guy pays attention permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 11 points 6 days ago We build THE SANDWICH CANNON And use it against Antifa. Now legal in DC ! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Will this ruling result in practical railgun technology? permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 6 days ago Or the three person launcher https://www.amazon.com/Balloons-Launcher-Slingshot-Football-Catapult/dp/B07MT924SV permalink parent award report block reply Doomsday545 5 points 6 days ago Sounds to me like ICE can begin throwing sandwiches at rioters who try to block them. I support moving SNAP money to allow ICE to purchase their new Crowd Control Sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 4 points 6 days ago Great idea. I love it. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 6 days ago They should be Bologna sandwiches.  Don't waste the best meats on them. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments...
1True-translation 76 points 6 days ago I'd be just delighted to see this become a thing lol. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 35 points 6 days ago Looks like we have a modern day tar and feathering... Deli Meat and Mayo :p permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 16 points 6 days ago WNBA enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ModernKnight 9 points 6 days ago BLTs at all the filthy Mohammadan and Yid politicians.  Roast beef for all the street shitters.  Any meat and dairy for the vegans. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yukondave 4 points 6 days ago Antifa suggests you freeze the sandwich first permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Artisanal Stoneloaf bread.... permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago Make sure it's at least 3 weeks old permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 11 points 6 days ago Dildos and sandwiches. What a combination. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 4 points 6 days ago Lindsey Graham would love that, actually permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 4 points 6 days ago Be sure to refer to the sandwich as a Jared. permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 4 points 6 days ago Green Dildos would be funnier. permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 3 points 6 days ago Certain tribes get a ham sandwich.. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 35 points 6 days ago Looks like we have a modern day tar and feathering... Deli Meat and Mayo :p permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 16 points 6 days ago WNBA enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ModernKnight 9 points 6 days ago BLTs at all the filthy Mohammadan and Yid politicians.  Roast beef for all the street shitters.  Any meat and dairy for the vegans. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yukondave 4 points 6 days ago Antifa suggests you freeze the sandwich first permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Artisanal Stoneloaf bread.... permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago Make sure it's at least 3 weeks old permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 16 points 6 days ago WNBA enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
ModernKnight 9 points 6 days ago BLTs at all the filthy Mohammadan and Yid politicians.  Roast beef for all the street shitters.  Any meat and dairy for the vegans. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
yukondave 4 points 6 days ago Antifa suggests you freeze the sandwich first permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Artisanal Stoneloaf bread.... permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 2 points 5 days ago Make sure it's at least 3 weeks old permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat 11 points 6 days ago Dildos and sandwiches. What a combination. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 4 points 6 days ago Lindsey Graham would love that, actually permalink parent award report block reply
killedmytv 4 points 6 days ago Lindsey Graham would love that, actually permalink parent award report block reply
Calumet57 4 points 6 days ago Be sure to refer to the sandwich as a Jared. permalink parent award report block reply
BidensPrisonWallet 4 points 6 days ago Green Dildos would be funnier. permalink parent award report block reply
FrankDuncan 3 points 6 days ago Certain tribes get a ham sandwich.. permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 42 points 6 days ago you'd get 20 years 2 tier justice permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 9 points 6 days ago This guy pays attention permalink parent award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin 9 points 6 days ago This guy pays attention permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 11 points 6 days ago We build THE SANDWICH CANNON And use it against Antifa. Now legal in DC ! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Will this ruling result in practical railgun technology? permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 6 days ago Or the three person launcher https://www.amazon.com/Balloons-Launcher-Slingshot-Football-Catapult/dp/B07MT924SV permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Will this ruling result in practical railgun technology? permalink parent award report block reply
yukondave 1 points 6 days ago Or the three person launcher https://www.amazon.com/Balloons-Launcher-Slingshot-Football-Catapult/dp/B07MT924SV permalink parent award report block reply
Doomsday545 5 points 6 days ago Sounds to me like ICE can begin throwing sandwiches at rioters who try to block them. I support moving SNAP money to allow ICE to purchase their new Crowd Control Sandwiches. permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 4 points 6 days ago Great idea. I love it. permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat 4 points 6 days ago Great idea. I love it. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 6 days ago They should be Bologna sandwiches.  Don't waste the best meats on them. permalink parent award report block reply
thisisatestof2 OP 52 points 6 days ago I would love for someone to throw a sandwich at some liberal protester in DC. Why do I have a feeling the court would ignore this precedent and find you guilty. permalink parent award report block reply killedmytv 17 points 6 days ago Your pattern recognition is on point permalink parent award report block reply HumanSomewhere 2 points 6 days ago jury trials cut both ways.  remember this anytime you go somewhere where 95% of the people hate your guts. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago Throw it at the judges. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago If you looked pathetic and did it in a tantrum like this guy I bet you'd get away with it. permalink parent award report block reply
killedmytv 17 points 6 days ago Your pattern recognition is on point permalink parent award report block reply
HumanSomewhere 2 points 6 days ago jury trials cut both ways.  remember this anytime you go somewhere where 95% of the people hate your guts. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago Throw it at the judges. permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 1 points 5 days ago If you looked pathetic and did it in a tantrum like this guy I bet you'd get away with it. permalink parent award report block reply
UncleTrumpsBand 9 points 6 days ago Yes, yes, and yes. If you go to court for it, precedent has been set. Get rekt. permalink parent award report block reply
abstr4ct 8 points 6 days ago Serious question, Does this mean we can we throw sandwiches at judges? I somehow doubt the judge would be cool with getting pelted in court when they are doing their job. permalink parent award report block reply Bearcat_batch 2 points 6 days ago Technically no. Trial courts do not create precedence, appeals courts do permalink parent award report block reply
Bearcat_batch 2 points 6 days ago Technically no. Trial courts do not create precedence, appeals courts do permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 6 points 6 days ago It's Washington, did you expect to see a democrat punished for a crime? permalink parent award report block reply
24601 56 points 6 days ago Something about indicting a ham sandwich seems appropriate.... However, maybe we need a new AG.  Blondi ain't cutting it. permalink award report block reply Spicy_cat 29 points 6 days ago A D.C. jury is going to side with whatever the Democrats want.  If they wanted anything resembling a sane trial they'd have to take it far from D.C. permalink parent award report block reply victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Unfortunately the constitution doesn't allow you to charge a crime outside the district it was committed in. permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 2 points 6 days ago How is D.C. its own district?  It has no non-scumbag permanent residents. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Well, the rats and pigeons.....they are the least non-scumbag permanent residents compared to the other inhabitants.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 5 days ago How is D.C. its own district? The Residence Act , signed into law by George Washington on July 16th, 1790 to ratify the demands of the constitution to create said district. The location came under agreement thanks to the Assumption Bill, which allowed the newly formed USA to assume the revolutionary war debts of the individual States. Later, in 1802, the District of Columbia Organic Act solidified the region as a district under congressional control and divided it into two counties. This also created the district court that you ask about. One of the counties didn't last longer than a few decades, and during this time there were still cities in DC. After the civil war, the newer District of Columbia Organic act of 1871 revoked those city charters and established a DC Territorial Government. For a broader answer to your second statement,  you may consider looking up DC Home Rule (1973), which leads to the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. Also, those in charge of the government in 2023 began allowing non-citizens to vote in DC local affairs. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 2 points 6 days ago You can request a change of venue to another district. This has been done at the prosecutor's request at least 22 times in 2025 alone because they wanted longer sentences than what the DC juries usually give, but they involved cases where a plea deal had already been struck and they pled guilty to something, at which point the DOJ can try them wherever they want. As a side note Biden's DOJ was especially good at getting defendants to cop to plea deals by threatening them with very serious sentences if they didn't plead out. Bondi on the other hand... permalink parent award report block reply shaaarbucks 2 points 6 days ago But we knew that from the start. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago The only sandwich Blondi knows is between Vance and Trump permalink parent award report block reply
Spicy_cat 29 points 6 days ago A D.C. jury is going to side with whatever the Democrats want.  If they wanted anything resembling a sane trial they'd have to take it far from D.C. permalink parent award report block reply victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Unfortunately the constitution doesn't allow you to charge a crime outside the district it was committed in. permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 2 points 6 days ago How is D.C. its own district?  It has no non-scumbag permanent residents. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Well, the rats and pigeons.....they are the least non-scumbag permanent residents compared to the other inhabitants.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 5 days ago How is D.C. its own district? The Residence Act , signed into law by George Washington on July 16th, 1790 to ratify the demands of the constitution to create said district. The location came under agreement thanks to the Assumption Bill, which allowed the newly formed USA to assume the revolutionary war debts of the individual States. Later, in 1802, the District of Columbia Organic Act solidified the region as a district under congressional control and divided it into two counties. This also created the district court that you ask about. One of the counties didn't last longer than a few decades, and during this time there were still cities in DC. After the civil war, the newer District of Columbia Organic act of 1871 revoked those city charters and established a DC Territorial Government. For a broader answer to your second statement,  you may consider looking up DC Home Rule (1973), which leads to the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. Also, those in charge of the government in 2023 began allowing non-citizens to vote in DC local affairs. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 2 points 6 days ago You can request a change of venue to another district. This has been done at the prosecutor's request at least 22 times in 2025 alone because they wanted longer sentences than what the DC juries usually give, but they involved cases where a plea deal had already been struck and they pled guilty to something, at which point the DOJ can try them wherever they want. As a side note Biden's DOJ was especially good at getting defendants to cop to plea deals by threatening them with very serious sentences if they didn't plead out. Bondi on the other hand... permalink parent award report block reply
victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Unfortunately the constitution doesn't allow you to charge a crime outside the district it was committed in. permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 2 points 6 days ago How is D.C. its own district?  It has no non-scumbag permanent residents. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Well, the rats and pigeons.....they are the least non-scumbag permanent residents compared to the other inhabitants.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 5 days ago How is D.C. its own district? The Residence Act , signed into law by George Washington on July 16th, 1790 to ratify the demands of the constitution to create said district. The location came under agreement thanks to the Assumption Bill, which allowed the newly formed USA to assume the revolutionary war debts of the individual States. Later, in 1802, the District of Columbia Organic Act solidified the region as a district under congressional control and divided it into two counties. This also created the district court that you ask about. One of the counties didn't last longer than a few decades, and during this time there were still cities in DC. After the civil war, the newer District of Columbia Organic act of 1871 revoked those city charters and established a DC Territorial Government. For a broader answer to your second statement,  you may consider looking up DC Home Rule (1973), which leads to the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. Also, those in charge of the government in 2023 began allowing non-citizens to vote in DC local affairs. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 2 points 6 days ago You can request a change of venue to another district. This has been done at the prosecutor's request at least 22 times in 2025 alone because they wanted longer sentences than what the DC juries usually give, but they involved cases where a plea deal had already been struck and they pled guilty to something, at which point the DOJ can try them wherever they want. As a side note Biden's DOJ was especially good at getting defendants to cop to plea deals by threatening them with very serious sentences if they didn't plead out. Bondi on the other hand... permalink parent award report block reply
Spicy_cat 2 points 6 days ago How is D.C. its own district?  It has no non-scumbag permanent residents. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Well, the rats and pigeons.....they are the least non-scumbag permanent residents compared to the other inhabitants.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 5 days ago How is D.C. its own district? The Residence Act , signed into law by George Washington on July 16th, 1790 to ratify the demands of the constitution to create said district. The location came under agreement thanks to the Assumption Bill, which allowed the newly formed USA to assume the revolutionary war debts of the individual States. Later, in 1802, the District of Columbia Organic Act solidified the region as a district under congressional control and divided it into two counties. This also created the district court that you ask about. One of the counties didn't last longer than a few decades, and during this time there were still cities in DC. After the civil war, the newer District of Columbia Organic act of 1871 revoked those city charters and established a DC Territorial Government. For a broader answer to your second statement,  you may consider looking up DC Home Rule (1973), which leads to the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. Also, those in charge of the government in 2023 began allowing non-citizens to vote in DC local affairs. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Well, the rats and pigeons.....they are the least non-scumbag permanent residents compared to the other inhabitants.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 5 days ago How is D.C. its own district? The Residence Act , signed into law by George Washington on July 16th, 1790 to ratify the demands of the constitution to create said district. The location came under agreement thanks to the Assumption Bill, which allowed the newly formed USA to assume the revolutionary war debts of the individual States. Later, in 1802, the District of Columbia Organic Act solidified the region as a district under congressional control and divided it into two counties. This also created the district court that you ask about. One of the counties didn't last longer than a few decades, and during this time there were still cities in DC. After the civil war, the newer District of Columbia Organic act of 1871 revoked those city charters and established a DC Territorial Government. For a broader answer to your second statement,  you may consider looking up DC Home Rule (1973), which leads to the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization. Also, those in charge of the government in 2023 began allowing non-citizens to vote in DC local affairs. permalink parent award report block reply
Tiredofstupidpeople 2 points 6 days ago You can request a change of venue to another district. This has been done at the prosecutor's request at least 22 times in 2025 alone because they wanted longer sentences than what the DC juries usually give, but they involved cases where a plea deal had already been struck and they pled guilty to something, at which point the DOJ can try them wherever they want. As a side note Biden's DOJ was especially good at getting defendants to cop to plea deals by threatening them with very serious sentences if they didn't plead out. Bondi on the other hand... permalink parent award report block reply
shaaarbucks 2 points 6 days ago But we knew that from the start. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago The only sandwich Blondi knows is between Vance and Trump permalink parent award report block reply
warlord30 44 points 6 days ago If I threw a piece of fried chicken at a black guy... would that be assault? Curious minds want to know. permalink award report block reply NukeTheTroons 10 points 6 days ago Right? I’ve seen cop shows where if they throw anything it’s assault. This is setting a new precedent permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 6 days ago There could be anything in that sandwich. You think that's mayo and Dijon mustard? permalink parent award report block reply warlord30 2 points 6 days ago Yep! permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's a stupid D.C. jury, so consider the jury pool...... permalink parent award report block reply NoStepNovember 6 points 6 days ago In that case, I bet it would be considered reparations and feeding the hungry. No crime committed. Trump turnt dem 'yamps off, so it be fair permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 1 points 6 days ago Ebt permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 1 points 6 days ago Not if it's between two slices of bread, because then it's a sandwich. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Obviously, that would be the worst crime in the history of the Republic, perhaps in all of history, once CNN and MSNBC got a hold of it......:) permalink parent award report block reply
NukeTheTroons 10 points 6 days ago Right? I’ve seen cop shows where if they throw anything it’s assault. This is setting a new precedent permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 6 days ago There could be anything in that sandwich. You think that's mayo and Dijon mustard? permalink parent award report block reply warlord30 2 points 6 days ago Yep! permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's a stupid D.C. jury, so consider the jury pool...... permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 3 points 6 days ago There could be anything in that sandwich. You think that's mayo and Dijon mustard? permalink parent award report block reply
warlord30 2 points 6 days ago Yep! permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's a stupid D.C. jury, so consider the jury pool...... permalink parent award report block reply
NoStepNovember 6 points 6 days ago In that case, I bet it would be considered reparations and feeding the hungry. No crime committed. Trump turnt dem 'yamps off, so it be fair permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 1 points 6 days ago Ebt permalink parent award report block reply
Nikola_S1 1 points 6 days ago Not if it's between two slices of bread, because then it's a sandwich. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Obviously, that would be the worst crime in the history of the Republic, perhaps in all of history, once CNN and MSNBC got a hold of it......:) permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 30 points 6 days ago considering its on camera, the judicial system has ways to work around a jury when the evidence is this extreme but Pam is a useless piece of shit so nothing will happen you'd get 10 years if YOU did the same thing permalink award report block reply Zskills 19 points 6 days ago You or I would die in solitary confinement if we did this to an IRS agent permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 10 points 6 days ago What if it was a donut and hit the IRS agent in the mouth? permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Depends on the flavor..... permalink parent award report block reply PhilipeNegro 1 points 6 days ago That’s just good service permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. It would have been considered the most dangerous threat to the Republic since the Civil War..... permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago considering its on camera, the judicial system has ways to work around a jury when the evidence is this extreme No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York say you have the right to a trial by jury for offenses longer than six months, so some rogue judge can't find you guilty and throw you in jail for years because he's mad at you. you'd get 10 years if YOU did the same thing The problem we have is that the jury pool is drawn from an area that went 6% for Trump and 90% for Harris in the last election. Jury nullification on crimes committed against Trump allies is not surprising just like them throwing the book at J6ers wasn't unexpected either. permalink parent award report block reply Buildtheadytum 2 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts.  That would almost certainly afford the defendant an appeal though. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts. The defense can ask for a directed verdict of not guilty but the prosecution can’t do the same asking for a guilty verdict. A judge giving a directed verdict of guilty without sending it to the jury would violate the defendant’s Sixth Amendment rights. That is not a power you want to hand the government especially when Democrats hold power and want to target MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York why do people with no legal experience have to pretend like they do? Yes, the court system 100% allows ways around a jury nullification in cases of extreme evidence youre simply wrong but I understand that the law is rarely actually enforced think about this... Clarence Thomas can write 500 words that follow precedent and the law... then Kentaji DEI dumbass can write 10,000 words with 0 relevancy. If we had 1 more Kentanji on the USSC we become pure clown world where the law means nothing. Or think about how many corporations are openly violating discrimination laws but the victims are white so the judicial system protects those corporations, but they won't if the victim is black. We've been infiltrated by communists and activists and at the end of the day, the letter of the law means very little. Look are Jussie Smulliet. They literally got the special prosecutor on and he was convicted and then the judge threw it out over $10k with 0 logical reasoning in the decision. If the defendant was you, you'd be sitting in jail right now. As you should be, but Jussie was working wtih Kamala Harris on an anti-lynching bill when he did that hoax, so they bailed him out. You can't avoid a 10 year prison sentence with a special prosecutor and a conviction, simply because the initial prosecutor Kim Foxx was a democrat operative that intentionally tried to let the defendant off via corruption. People think the system has these rules that everyone follows. Its all posturing. When the interests of the executive branch line up with the judicial they can totally ignore the law. Judges make bullshit decisions all the time, hence all the new "precedent" that then gets changed 100x over. The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. If the defendant was a republican, and the jury did this, and the judge was a liberal, I bet you a lot of money you would see a different outcome here. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. Judgment notwithstanding verdict (JNOV) is what you’re thinking of but that can only be used in a criminal trial to throw out a guilty verdict the judge believes was improper. A judge can’t use JNOV to overturn an acquittal and declare someone guilty. It doesn’t take a Juris Doctor to know a judge can’t throw out a not guilty verdict because he suspects that it was due to jury nullification. Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example. The Bill of Rights isn’t a suggestion even if the left likes to pretend it is in cases they don’t agree with (see extreme gun laws, for example). permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example The law doesnt provide for that. They were actually innocent. The evidence all supported they were innocent. You think the judge would let a jury say "not guilty" to a case where a guy went up and executed a black family while shouting the N word? all on video, from multiple angles? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Zskills 19 points 6 days ago You or I would die in solitary confinement if we did this to an IRS agent permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 10 points 6 days ago What if it was a donut and hit the IRS agent in the mouth? permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Depends on the flavor..... permalink parent award report block reply PhilipeNegro 1 points 6 days ago That’s just good service permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. It would have been considered the most dangerous threat to the Republic since the Civil War..... permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 10 points 6 days ago What if it was a donut and hit the IRS agent in the mouth? permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Depends on the flavor..... permalink parent award report block reply PhilipeNegro 1 points 6 days ago That’s just good service permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago Depends on the flavor..... permalink parent award report block reply
PhilipeNegro 1 points 6 days ago That’s just good service permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. It would have been considered the most dangerous threat to the Republic since the Civil War..... permalink parent award report block reply
goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago considering its on camera, the judicial system has ways to work around a jury when the evidence is this extreme No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York say you have the right to a trial by jury for offenses longer than six months, so some rogue judge can't find you guilty and throw you in jail for years because he's mad at you. you'd get 10 years if YOU did the same thing The problem we have is that the jury pool is drawn from an area that went 6% for Trump and 90% for Harris in the last election. Jury nullification on crimes committed against Trump allies is not surprising just like them throwing the book at J6ers wasn't unexpected either. permalink parent award report block reply Buildtheadytum 2 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts.  That would almost certainly afford the defendant an appeal though. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts. The defense can ask for a directed verdict of not guilty but the prosecution can’t do the same asking for a guilty verdict. A judge giving a directed verdict of guilty without sending it to the jury would violate the defendant’s Sixth Amendment rights. That is not a power you want to hand the government especially when Democrats hold power and want to target MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York why do people with no legal experience have to pretend like they do? Yes, the court system 100% allows ways around a jury nullification in cases of extreme evidence youre simply wrong but I understand that the law is rarely actually enforced think about this... Clarence Thomas can write 500 words that follow precedent and the law... then Kentaji DEI dumbass can write 10,000 words with 0 relevancy. If we had 1 more Kentanji on the USSC we become pure clown world where the law means nothing. Or think about how many corporations are openly violating discrimination laws but the victims are white so the judicial system protects those corporations, but they won't if the victim is black. We've been infiltrated by communists and activists and at the end of the day, the letter of the law means very little. Look are Jussie Smulliet. They literally got the special prosecutor on and he was convicted and then the judge threw it out over $10k with 0 logical reasoning in the decision. If the defendant was you, you'd be sitting in jail right now. As you should be, but Jussie was working wtih Kamala Harris on an anti-lynching bill when he did that hoax, so they bailed him out. You can't avoid a 10 year prison sentence with a special prosecutor and a conviction, simply because the initial prosecutor Kim Foxx was a democrat operative that intentionally tried to let the defendant off via corruption. People think the system has these rules that everyone follows. Its all posturing. When the interests of the executive branch line up with the judicial they can totally ignore the law. Judges make bullshit decisions all the time, hence all the new "precedent" that then gets changed 100x over. The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. If the defendant was a republican, and the jury did this, and the judge was a liberal, I bet you a lot of money you would see a different outcome here. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. Judgment notwithstanding verdict (JNOV) is what you’re thinking of but that can only be used in a criminal trial to throw out a guilty verdict the judge believes was improper. A judge can’t use JNOV to overturn an acquittal and declare someone guilty. It doesn’t take a Juris Doctor to know a judge can’t throw out a not guilty verdict because he suspects that it was due to jury nullification. Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example. The Bill of Rights isn’t a suggestion even if the left likes to pretend it is in cases they don’t agree with (see extreme gun laws, for example). permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example The law doesnt provide for that. They were actually innocent. The evidence all supported they were innocent. You think the judge would let a jury say "not guilty" to a case where a guy went up and executed a black family while shouting the N word? all on video, from multiple angles? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Buildtheadytum 2 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts.  That would almost certainly afford the defendant an appeal though. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts. The defense can ask for a directed verdict of not guilty but the prosecution can’t do the same asking for a guilty verdict. A judge giving a directed verdict of guilty without sending it to the jury would violate the defendant’s Sixth Amendment rights. That is not a power you want to hand the government especially when Democrats hold power and want to target MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago Actually, in some cases, a judge can direct a verdict after the fact if they determine that no reasonable jury could find otherwise based on the facts. The defense can ask for a directed verdict of not guilty but the prosecution can’t do the same asking for a guilty verdict. A judge giving a directed verdict of guilty without sending it to the jury would violate the defendant’s Sixth Amendment rights. That is not a power you want to hand the government especially when Democrats hold power and want to target MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago No, we don't. The Sixth Amendment and Baldwin v. New York why do people with no legal experience have to pretend like they do? Yes, the court system 100% allows ways around a jury nullification in cases of extreme evidence youre simply wrong but I understand that the law is rarely actually enforced think about this... Clarence Thomas can write 500 words that follow precedent and the law... then Kentaji DEI dumbass can write 10,000 words with 0 relevancy. If we had 1 more Kentanji on the USSC we become pure clown world where the law means nothing. Or think about how many corporations are openly violating discrimination laws but the victims are white so the judicial system protects those corporations, but they won't if the victim is black. We've been infiltrated by communists and activists and at the end of the day, the letter of the law means very little. Look are Jussie Smulliet. They literally got the special prosecutor on and he was convicted and then the judge threw it out over $10k with 0 logical reasoning in the decision. If the defendant was you, you'd be sitting in jail right now. As you should be, but Jussie was working wtih Kamala Harris on an anti-lynching bill when he did that hoax, so they bailed him out. You can't avoid a 10 year prison sentence with a special prosecutor and a conviction, simply because the initial prosecutor Kim Foxx was a democrat operative that intentionally tried to let the defendant off via corruption. People think the system has these rules that everyone follows. Its all posturing. When the interests of the executive branch line up with the judicial they can totally ignore the law. Judges make bullshit decisions all the time, hence all the new "precedent" that then gets changed 100x over. The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. If the defendant was a republican, and the jury did this, and the judge was a liberal, I bet you a lot of money you would see a different outcome here. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. Judgment notwithstanding verdict (JNOV) is what you’re thinking of but that can only be used in a criminal trial to throw out a guilty verdict the judge believes was improper. A judge can’t use JNOV to overturn an acquittal and declare someone guilty. It doesn’t take a Juris Doctor to know a judge can’t throw out a not guilty verdict because he suspects that it was due to jury nullification. Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example. The Bill of Rights isn’t a suggestion even if the left likes to pretend it is in cases they don’t agree with (see extreme gun laws, for example). permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example The law doesnt provide for that. They were actually innocent. The evidence all supported they were innocent. You think the judge would let a jury say "not guilty" to a case where a guy went up and executed a black family while shouting the N word? all on video, from multiple angles? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
goldkeyboardwarrior 1 points 6 days ago The letter of the law allows a judge to nullify a jury nullification. Judgment notwithstanding verdict (JNOV) is what you’re thinking of but that can only be used in a criminal trial to throw out a guilty verdict the judge believes was improper. A judge can’t use JNOV to overturn an acquittal and declare someone guilty. It doesn’t take a Juris Doctor to know a judge can’t throw out a not guilty verdict because he suspects that it was due to jury nullification. Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example. The Bill of Rights isn’t a suggestion even if the left likes to pretend it is in cases they don’t agree with (see extreme gun laws, for example). permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example The law doesnt provide for that. They were actually innocent. The evidence all supported they were innocent. You think the judge would let a jury say "not guilty" to a case where a guy went up and executed a black family while shouting the N word? all on video, from multiple angles? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
fightfightfightx 1 points 6 days ago Imagine if a judge had that power and the left used it to convict Rittenhouse or Daniel Penny after their acquittals, for example The law doesnt provide for that. They were actually innocent. The evidence all supported they were innocent. You think the judge would let a jury say "not guilty" to a case where a guy went up and executed a black family while shouting the N word? all on video, from multiple angles? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
BidensPrisonWallet 21 points 6 days ago Not really wanting to toss a wet blanket on anybody's dreams but you can expect this result top to bottom on DC area court results. Comey, etc will skate. permalink award report block reply victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Comey wasn't charged in DC but Virginia. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 15 points 6 days ago Virginia just elected an Attorney General who said that he wanted to murder his political opponent's children and called for cops to be killed. You wont find justice there. Also, the judge is Comey's friend. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's such a small world.... permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 3 points 6 days ago "DC area" permalink parent award report block reply
victory2024 4 points 6 days ago Comey wasn't charged in DC but Virginia. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 15 points 6 days ago Virginia just elected an Attorney General who said that he wanted to murder his political opponent's children and called for cops to be killed. You wont find justice there. Also, the judge is Comey's friend. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's such a small world.... permalink parent award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 3 points 6 days ago "DC area" permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 15 points 6 days ago Virginia just elected an Attorney General who said that he wanted to murder his political opponent's children and called for cops to be killed. You wont find justice there. Also, the judge is Comey's friend. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's such a small world.... permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 1 points 6 days ago It's such a small world.... permalink parent award report block reply
BidensPrisonWallet 3 points 6 days ago "DC area" permalink parent award report block reply
Stossels_stach 20 points 6 days ago The Jussie Smollet ruling permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 19 points 6 days ago If a conservative threw a sandwich at Pelosi in protest they would throw them in prison for years permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 8 points 6 days ago Considering they threw hundreds of people in a gulag for years without a trial for walking around the capitol taking selfies, I'd say this is maaaaaaybe a little selective prosecution out of political bias... permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 8 points 6 days ago Considering they threw hundreds of people in a gulag for years without a trial for walking around the capitol taking selfies, I'd say this is maaaaaaybe a little selective prosecution out of political bias... permalink parent award report block reply
CrabbyTurtle2 12 points 6 days ago Time to start throwing subway subs at judges in DC permalink award report block reply worldowedexplanation 2 points 5 days ago Make sure you yell “Black Lives Matter” when you do it and masquerade as a brain dead liberal just to confuse them. permalink parent award report block reply
worldowedexplanation 2 points 5 days ago Make sure you yell “Black Lives Matter” when you do it and masquerade as a brain dead liberal just to confuse them. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 11 points 6 days ago Cant even get arrests for blatant assault now permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago Oh sure you can. Be a Trump supporter and watch it happen. permalink parent award report block reply yourheadasplode 1 points 6 days ago Arrests? Sure. Convictions? Oh hell no. The first appeases the masses. Most people don’t seem to give a shit about the latter. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago Oh sure you can. Be a Trump supporter and watch it happen. permalink parent award report block reply
yourheadasplode 1 points 6 days ago Arrests? Sure. Convictions? Oh hell no. The first appeases the masses. Most people don’t seem to give a shit about the latter. permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 9 points 6 days ago How about if we throw a green dildo at that troon in Congress Tim McBride? permalink award report block reply Zskills 3 points 6 days ago Has to be shaped like a subway sandwich permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Tim McBride uses green dildos shaped like Subway sandwiches? Probably true and real. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago He'll catch it in his ass. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 3 points 6 days ago Has to be shaped like a subway sandwich permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Tim McBride uses green dildos shaped like Subway sandwiches? Probably true and real. permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Tim McBride uses green dildos shaped like Subway sandwiches? Probably true and real. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago He'll catch it in his ass. permalink parent award report block reply
SteelDriver 7 points 6 days ago The judicial system is bullshit.  People have allowed their politics to totally cloud their judgement (Trump convictions in NY and and obvious case of assault brushed aside in DC; never mind the dearth of convictions during the summer of 2020). permalink award report block reply
Diotima 7 points 6 days ago Oh so I can throw a sandwich at anyone I want and cite this case as precedent? permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 6 points 6 days ago Add jury nullification to the list of things the radical left is willing to do against us permalink award report block reply
Cyber1776 6 points 6 days ago Attack someone with a sandwich is pretty silly permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 4 points 6 days ago The guy was so weak, the only thing he could do in anger was “Throw the sandwich!” permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 6 days ago True. He left his purse at his desk..... permalink parent award report block reply
Atruckdriver 4 points 6 days ago The guy was so weak, the only thing he could do in anger was “Throw the sandwich!” permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 6 days ago True. He left his purse at his desk..... permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 3 points 6 days ago True. He left his purse at his desk..... permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 6 points 6 days ago So if we can throw sandwiches at Federal Agents, can we throw rotten tomatoes at politicians?  Is that going to be legal now? permalink award report block reply
TrancePhreak 5 points 6 days ago Anarcho-tyranny will continue until the DC court is dissolved. permalink award report block reply
mass55th 5 points 6 days ago Throwing anything at anyone is not protesting. Now this asshat will likely sue to get his job back. permalink award report block reply
Beachbum2023 4 points 6 days ago If he shot them he would also be found innocent in DC permalink award report block reply
MidwestZoomer 4 points 6 days ago Soap box: gone. Ballot box: gone. Jury box: gone. permalink award report block reply
dumbcomputerguy 4 points 6 days ago Im going to subway tomorrow to get some sandwiches to throw at strangers.  extra mayo permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 4 points 6 days ago What about ham sandwiches at the NYC Mayor? permalink award report block reply
RomeIsFalling 4 points 6 days ago While a sandwich is kind of funny to throw, understand it will turn into milkshakes, then acid filled milkshakes. Think I am joking? Ask Andy Gno about being milkshaked with concrete mix. permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago Let the sandwich throwing commence. permalink award report block reply
PunishedSnek 3 points 6 days ago He dindu muffin he was jus feeding him permalink award report block reply
Dallasguy 3 points 6 days ago Nice. My fucking mailman is in for it the next time I see him. permalink award report block reply
AwareandNonCompliant 3 points 6 days ago We should follow these jurors and make sure not a day goes by that someone doesn’t throw a sandwich at them. permalink award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago Well govt “workers” are fat assholes….so maybe they were trying to get them to perform a trick for the sandwich? permalink award report block reply
TheSwampThang 3 points 6 days ago DC is probably the most liberal city not on the west coast. permalink award report block reply
Eluf-ant 3 points 5 days ago The jury system in DC, is the equivalent to "we investigated our selves and found no wrong doing" permalink award report block reply
frankenbox 3 points 6 days ago It wasn't "assault" assault. permalink award report block reply MooseStangSally 2 points 6 days ago Mostly peaceful assault? permalink parent award report block reply
MooseStangSally 2 points 6 days ago Mostly peaceful assault? permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 3 points 6 days ago What kind of sandwich was it? Also wouldn't actually hitting someone be "battery" not assault? permalink award report block reply
Probably_tryna_sleep 3 points 6 days ago Time to start heaving chunky peanut butter sandwiches at all the faggoty leftists with peanut allergies. Courts have found this to be free speech, and how was anyone supposed to know who is allergic to peanuts. permalink award report block reply
NazisWereSocialist 3 points 6 days ago I’m a fan of jury nullification as a concept, but this dude deserved some punishment, maybe the process and cost of an attorney and stuff was enough for this crime but it was definitely a crime. permalink award report block reply
behemoth887 3 points 6 days ago the libs are throwin those $15 subway sandwiches around i guess they don't need SNAP after all permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 6 days ago I knew there was a reason I havent ate one in awhile. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 6 days ago I knew there was a reason I havent ate one in awhile. permalink parent award report block reply
Dem_slayer 3 points 6 days ago In democrat jurisdictions laws don't matter only feelings. permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 3 points 6 days ago Charge him a different way. Why is this even a jury trial? permalink award report block reply
darkmodeforgotpass 2 points 6 days ago WELCOME TO AFRICA. this is africas second continent! permalink award report block reply
asiatrails 2 points 6 days ago Margarine is not a weapon; this jerk got fired, now watch him try to sue to get his job back.  But wait, the gowernment is shut down so there is nothing to sue for (yet) permalink award report block reply
VirtusHonos 2 points 6 days ago This feels like those summer of love cement milkshakes permalink award report block reply
Wtfbombs 2 points 6 days ago Use fists since they're literally knuckle sandwich permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 2 points 6 days ago He had malicious intent. It is a crime of assault. permalink award report block reply
sully 2 points 6 days ago So we're just throwing out the defining trait of what assault is? Lol ok. permalink award report block reply
Tmntnyc 2 points 6 days ago (a) A person commits the offense of aggravated assault if: (1) By any means, that person knowingly or purposely causes serious bodily injury to another person; or (2) Under circumstances manifesting extreme indifference to human life, that person intentionally or knowingly engages in conduct which creates a grave risk of serious bodily injury to another person, and thereby causes serious bodily injury. They charge with felony-level assault. It's a misdemeanor at best but they wanted to make an example. Prosecutor even tried to say the sandwich "exploded on the agent". The most they could have gotten the guy was a fine but they wanted it to be a felony so they charged and the jury didn't find a thrown sanwich capable of inflicting serious or grave bodily harm. You can't just downgrade a charge based on whether the jury finds the defendant guilty or not. They went for the most severe and it didn't satisfy the criteria. I agree the guy should have been punished but let's be honest, it wasn't a rock or a brick, it was a limp hoagie. Thow him in jail for a week and give him a $500 fine, like any other misdeamnor. permalink award report block reply
Trunks 2 points 6 days ago If I had been the officer, I would've packed a footlong and hit him in the head with it as he exited the courtroom. permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 2 points 6 days ago The classic drunk faggot defense? permalink award report block reply
Patriot_Rob 2 points 6 days ago It is the definition of assault, maybe not battery but still an assault. permalink award report block reply
medicpatriot 2 points 6 days ago Find something else and charge him again permalink award report block reply
American-Patriot 2 points 6 days ago If you're conservative, GET THE FUCK OUT of a liberal city!
Your "peers" will literally deny all your rights should you be charged! permalink award report block reply
KneadThePeople 2 points 6 days ago As a J6er who spent nearly 2 years locked away for wholly non-violent charges…fuck. permalink award report block reply
Kilroy 2 points 6 days ago If I lived  in DC, I'd throw a sandwich at every democrat I ran across, every day. permalink award report block reply
SameUnderstanding 2 points 6 days ago What's even the point of having a court if no one gets any punishments for crimes permalink award report block reply
Visceroth 2 points 6 days ago time to throw sandwiches at federal judges in DC? permalink award report block reply
Hooliganism420 1 points 6 days ago Reverse Smollet permalink award report block reply
Spartacus1188 1 points 6 days ago Eat fresh. permalink award report block reply
This_will_be_public 1 points 6 days ago The found it not being assault because the contents of the sub remained in the wrapper and never got into the officers mouth. Otherwise they would have found the guy guilty of attempted murder by sandwich ingestion. permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 days ago I think it's a travesty. Imagine wasting such an expensive meal on throwing it. What next Dominos? permalink award report block reply
JC81 1 points 6 days ago Throw the sandwiches at the judge, the jury and the lawyers. Make it a brick sandwich. permalink award report block reply
Harvestsmiles 1 points 6 days ago Seems the precedent has been set. How about green Dillo sandwiches? permalink award report block reply
67Vert 1 points 6 days ago No linking is gay.  OP is a homo permalink award report block reply
_4TheRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Was it a foot long?… and did it have mustard on it? permalink award report block reply
ReturnOfSmarm 1 points 5 days ago ANTIFA Subway customer:  12" turkey on wheat please. Subway sammich maker:  toppings? ANTIFA Subway customer:  lettuce, tomato, pickles ..... and can you add those spikey things like they have on those old mace balls? permalink award report block reply
Au_contrarian 1 points 6 days ago I think the reason this happened is because the law of assault in DC requires that you intend to injure the person as a legal element. It's a fair debate on whether throwing a sub sandwich would qualify. It might be that the wrong charge was brought. permalink award report block reply
dorsalmorsel 1 points 6 days ago That's it.  We are pelting insufferable d bag lefties with sandwiches. I mean, not expensive foot long ones.  Find the cheap ones from walmart deli.  They are all dried out on the outside and wet mushy on the inside where the smeat is.  I'll still eat them.  But I will complain. permalink award report block reply
Annoyedone 1 points 6 days ago If you yell 'Food Fight' Before throwing it, its fare game permalink award report block reply
breathittbill 1 points 6 days ago At least he wasn’t hiding a brick inside the bread permalink award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 5 days ago Does it count if you ordered a house brick sandwich? Asking for a friend. permalink award report block reply
JackOfAllTirades 1 points 6 days ago "Beat Fresh" permalink award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 6 days ago "Why isn't the Trump administration arresting everybody?" permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 1 points 6 days ago What if I put one of Wyle E. Coyote's Acme anvils inside the sandwich? permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 6 days ago Federal charges, GO! permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 1 points 6 days ago Can we throw BLT sandwiches at mooslims? permalink award report block reply
kornesque 1 points 6 days ago Cool, judges want sammys thrown at them. permalink award report block reply
559throw 1 points 6 days ago Ok, so now it's legal to assault him with a sandwich. If only Quiznos was still around, those crispy edges of the bread might make it hurt a little more permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 5 days ago Ok now charge the man for littering and wasting food permalink award report block reply
hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago Be realistic a sandwich to the head is better than a face full of pepper spray. An eye for an eye permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 1 points 6 days ago BLT or meatball? permalink award report block reply
Trump737 0 points 6 days ago I mean if it had jalepenos i can see pepper assault , but otherwise no.  Ever touch ur eye after handling a jalepeno? permalink award report block reply
WastedTime 0 points 6 days ago But what KIND of sandwich was thrown? The ruling may only to that specific one. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 6 days ago veggie patty permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago Sounds like bio-terrorism to me permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 6 days ago its a real thing at subway permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago I know, but those veggie patties aint right. Eat a real protein. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 6 days ago veggie patty permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago Sounds like bio-terrorism to me permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 6 days ago its a real thing at subway permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago I know, but those veggie patties aint right. Eat a real protein. permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago Sounds like bio-terrorism to me permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 6 days ago its a real thing at subway permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago I know, but those veggie patties aint right. Eat a real protein. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 6 days ago its a real thing at subway permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago I know, but those veggie patties aint right. Eat a real protein. permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak 2 points 6 days ago I know, but those veggie patties aint right. Eat a real protein. permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 0 points 6 days ago Unless there was a pipe or chemical in it, I'm incline to agree. Oh or if the person was hitting with a fist that also had a sammy, I'd consider that assault.  I haven't seen the video. Nor do I really care. Bigger stuff to care about. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 6 days ago I think you don't understand what assault is, vs battery. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 6 days ago I think you don't understand what assault is, vs battery. permalink parent award report block reply
Meddlesom 0 points 6 days ago We are a truly pussified country if we're going to get this butthurt over someone throwing a fucking sandwich at someone. permalink award report block reply
f_bastiat 0 points 6 days ago It was funny tbh, I wouldn't call it assault. It's less assaulting than getting a pillow slung at you full speed. It should be illegal but I don't know what you would call it. permalink award report block reply
Judiwont 0 points 6 days ago The process is the punishment permalink award report block reply
BusterHyman99 -3 points 6 days ago It was retarded to bring this case anyway permalink award report block reply
LolitaExpressPilot -3 points 6 days ago An assault charge for this was ridiculous to begin with. Now that the guy is not guilty I wonder if he can get his DOJ job back. permalink award report block reply victory2024 5 points 6 days ago It's literally assault. What else would you call if if someone throws an object at someone else? permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot -1 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think so. No jury was going to convict someone for assault for throwing a sandwich - especially after the cop was testifying about being able to smell the onions. And now the admin looks weak and petty as hell bc they couldn't get a jury to agree that this was a criminal offense. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think about shit. It's all politics, liberals won't convict liberals of a crime. The jury system is a failure. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 0 points 6 days ago People get convicted everyday so that dog doesn't hunt. In this case nobody in their right mind is going to convict some guy for assault for throwing a sandwich at some cop. They should have arrested this guy, held him for awhilebto make a point, then let him go. Now they look like oversensitive fags and the problem of assaulting cops is going to get WORSE bc the prosecutor couldn't seal the deal. This shit backfired in the worst way. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
victory2024 5 points 6 days ago It's literally assault. What else would you call if if someone throws an object at someone else? permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot -1 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think so. No jury was going to convict someone for assault for throwing a sandwich - especially after the cop was testifying about being able to smell the onions. And now the admin looks weak and petty as hell bc they couldn't get a jury to agree that this was a criminal offense. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think about shit. It's all politics, liberals won't convict liberals of a crime. The jury system is a failure. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 0 points 6 days ago People get convicted everyday so that dog doesn't hunt. In this case nobody in their right mind is going to convict some guy for assault for throwing a sandwich at some cop. They should have arrested this guy, held him for awhilebto make a point, then let him go. Now they look like oversensitive fags and the problem of assaulting cops is going to get WORSE bc the prosecutor couldn't seal the deal. This shit backfired in the worst way. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LolitaExpressPilot -1 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think so. No jury was going to convict someone for assault for throwing a sandwich - especially after the cop was testifying about being able to smell the onions. And now the admin looks weak and petty as hell bc they couldn't get a jury to agree that this was a criminal offense. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think about shit. It's all politics, liberals won't convict liberals of a crime. The jury system is a failure. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 0 points 6 days ago People get convicted everyday so that dog doesn't hunt. In this case nobody in their right mind is going to convict some guy for assault for throwing a sandwich at some cop. They should have arrested this guy, held him for awhilebto make a point, then let him go. Now they look like oversensitive fags and the problem of assaulting cops is going to get WORSE bc the prosecutor couldn't seal the deal. This shit backfired in the worst way. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago The jury literally didn't think about shit. It's all politics, liberals won't convict liberals of a crime. The jury system is a failure. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 0 points 6 days ago People get convicted everyday so that dog doesn't hunt. In this case nobody in their right mind is going to convict some guy for assault for throwing a sandwich at some cop. They should have arrested this guy, held him for awhilebto make a point, then let him go. Now they look like oversensitive fags and the problem of assaulting cops is going to get WORSE bc the prosecutor couldn't seal the deal. This shit backfired in the worst way. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LolitaExpressPilot 0 points 6 days ago People get convicted everyday so that dog doesn't hunt. In this case nobody in their right mind is going to convict some guy for assault for throwing a sandwich at some cop. They should have arrested this guy, held him for awhilebto make a point, then let him go. Now they look like oversensitive fags and the problem of assaulting cops is going to get WORSE bc the prosecutor couldn't seal the deal. This shit backfired in the worst way. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply