297 The Man With With A Plan posted 3 days ago by rdvs34283 12 comments award share report block Jake @JakeCan72 • 4d Trump listened to his base — and he’s right to. After announcing beef imports from Argentina, U.S. ranchers blew the whistle: high prices aren’t caused by them, but by corporate meat packers and distributors gaming the system. So Trump ordered an investigation into
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save patrioticwinning3 21 points 3 days ago "How about you FIRE Pam Bondi, so she can actually go work at Fox News, and hire somebody who's actually interested in arresting criminals and bringing charges..." YES!  THAT MAN GETS IT! permalink award report block reply Awakened 16 points 3 days ago Sticky this please. Please. Please. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 7 points 3 days ago Absolutely,this needs to be stickyed. permalink parent award report block reply JimQPublic 9 points 3 days ago I get the feeling that guy would be cool to have a beer with. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 8 points 3 days ago Considering the way farmers and ranchers are being treated world wide, this was a pretty obvious conclusion to come to without needing any direct protest from the ranchers permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 7 points 3 days ago This guy posts here, 100% Which one of you glorious bastards is that? permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 6 points 3 days ago Excellent post. She needs to go and go now. permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 5 points 3 days ago Susie Wiles who lives in Trump's ear won't allow him to fire Scam Blondi. I know he called Blondi out publicly a few weeks back.
It's not enough. He needs to get rid of both bitches fast.
Wiles is his Chief of Staff and a Bushite. permalink award report block reply NamendaBiden 1 points 3 days ago Wait a minute somethings wrong He's the man with a plan Hes here to do us a favor A little human sacrifice Its just supply and demand permalink award report block reply Salty_Hoosier_420 1 points 3 days ago Now we must sacrifice ourselves That many others may live Okay, we've got a lot to give This monkey wants a word with you permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 -5 points 3 days ago See I was down with this guy until he started ragging on Pam Bondi because it's not Pam's fault the most the judges are corrupt. Why arrest people if you can't get prosecutions they're already talking about letting Comey go. I know it's frustrating the criminal justice system really is slow there's a lot behind the scenes that you all don't know is going on. This is one of those things where hurry up and wait is hard but it's necessary. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 8 points 3 days ago Then why isn't the GOP in coordination with the AG going after these corrupt judges? Pam isn't just a do-nothing she is corrupt herself. Her time as Florida AG and the illict things she did to try and imprison George Zimmerman proved that. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 21 points 3 days ago "How about you FIRE Pam Bondi, so she can actually go work at Fox News, and hire somebody who's actually interested in arresting criminals and bringing charges..." YES!  THAT MAN GETS IT! permalink award report block reply
Awakened 16 points 3 days ago Sticky this please. Please. Please. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 7 points 3 days ago Absolutely,this needs to be stickyed. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 7 points 3 days ago Absolutely,this needs to be stickyed. permalink parent award report block reply
JimQPublic 9 points 3 days ago I get the feeling that guy would be cool to have a beer with. permalink award report block reply
Dangerous 8 points 3 days ago Considering the way farmers and ranchers are being treated world wide, this was a pretty obvious conclusion to come to without needing any direct protest from the ranchers permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 7 points 3 days ago This guy posts here, 100% Which one of you glorious bastards is that? permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 6 points 3 days ago Excellent post. She needs to go and go now. permalink award report block reply
Tacitus1963 5 points 3 days ago Susie Wiles who lives in Trump's ear won't allow him to fire Scam Blondi. I know he called Blondi out publicly a few weeks back.
It's not enough. He needs to get rid of both bitches fast.
Wiles is his Chief of Staff and a Bushite. permalink award report block reply
NamendaBiden 1 points 3 days ago Wait a minute somethings wrong He's the man with a plan Hes here to do us a favor A little human sacrifice Its just supply and demand permalink award report block reply Salty_Hoosier_420 1 points 3 days ago Now we must sacrifice ourselves That many others may live Okay, we've got a lot to give This monkey wants a word with you permalink parent award report block reply
Salty_Hoosier_420 1 points 3 days ago Now we must sacrifice ourselves That many others may live Okay, we've got a lot to give This monkey wants a word with you permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 -5 points 3 days ago See I was down with this guy until he started ragging on Pam Bondi because it's not Pam's fault the most the judges are corrupt. Why arrest people if you can't get prosecutions they're already talking about letting Comey go. I know it's frustrating the criminal justice system really is slow there's a lot behind the scenes that you all don't know is going on. This is one of those things where hurry up and wait is hard but it's necessary. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 8 points 3 days ago Then why isn't the GOP in coordination with the AG going after these corrupt judges? Pam isn't just a do-nothing she is corrupt herself. Her time as Florida AG and the illict things she did to try and imprison George Zimmerman proved that. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 8 points 3 days ago Then why isn't the GOP in coordination with the AG going after these corrupt judges? Pam isn't just a do-nothing she is corrupt herself. Her time as Florida AG and the illict things she did to try and imprison George Zimmerman proved that. permalink parent award report block reply