57 Whew Lad… But did you say, “Thank You” posted 2 hours ago by StrongIsland 25 comments award share report block Mike Shelby @grayzoneintel • 1d Boomers inherited the best 70 year economic run in human history, all built on funny money debt bux. They bought homes for 3x income, got pensions, single-earner families, stable jobs, and 8% interest on savings. They didn’t have to compete with the rest of the planet for 4nt1p4tt3rn 🏴‍☠ Appalachistan Wolf Lodge #47 @4nt1p4tt3rn • 2d You want a house? Cool, cool. When are you gonna give up your $1,500 smartphone that you buy the new version of every year or so? When are you cancelling all your subscription services? When are you giving up Uber, and UberEats? When are you going to stop buying a $7
25 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save thelastlast 8 points 2 hours ago both posts are kinda true, I see what the presumed boomer is trying to say. but it is funny that if you add up all the "savings" in the first post it gets you a few thousand more, at most, so that's also a retarded thing to say. permalink award report block reply BadManOrange 3 points 1 hour ago That's the thing. First off, most people aren't buying a new smartphone every year (and I doubt most are buying top of the line $1500 phones either). The average person keeps their phone for 2-3 years when the battery life is no longer viable. So even if it's 2 years, that savings comes out to $62.50 per month. Subscription services, let's say those add up to another $50. The other two are hard to quantify, are people really spending $14 per day on coffees or buying Uber eats every day? If they are, then sure, they're wasting tons of money on garbage. However, let's say someone is spending even $500 per month (which is still very wasteful) on those things rather than thousands. Even if I add all that up, we're talking about an extra $600 cash. That's a drop in the bucket on a mortgage payment. Even if you throw in going to the bar, going on vacation, etc. Sure, taking out all of the optional things will add up and help, but it's still not close to enough with the housing prices that we see today. permalink parent award report block reply Nothing007 1 points 41 minutes ago or buying Uber eats every day? Actually, I couldn't believe this either but it's even worse than you've laid it out.  People are using Uber Eats for Taco Bell.  Taco fucking Bell. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 2 minutes ago People are too lazy to go out and pick stuff up themselves. I've heard of a home cooking boom after covid, I question whether it's held up... daily uber/doordash sounds crazy to me though. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 7 points 2 hours ago When are you gonna give up your $1,500 smartphone that you buy the new version of every year or so? I’ve only ever spent $200 on a phone, have a cheap plan and run the phone until it dies. When are you cancelling all your subscription services? I have one measly subscription to Spotify for a whopping $10/mo. Have never had any others, ever. When are you giving up Uber, and UberEats? Never used them. When are you going to stop buying a $7 "coffee" every morning, sometimes twice a day or more? I drink water. When are you going to do without a weeklong (or longer) vacation at least once each year to some exotic locale? I’ve never done such a thing. I don’t even take weekend-length trips to neighboring states anymore due to how expensive they are now. When are you gonna sell your brand-new car, buy a beater, and drive it until the wheels fall off instead of trading in every 3-5 years? My truck is 10 years old and replaced my old car which rusted in half. When are you gonna stop going clubbing every weekend? Never been to a club in my life. Don’t even go to the local bar. When are you gonna let go of your $100/week or more booze/weed habit? I spend maybe $100 a quarter (that’s 3 months) on beer. When are you gonna quit eating out almost exclusively? I’ve eaten out exactly 3 times this year. All of them were business lunches (write-off!) and I only paid for one of them and picked up the tip on the others. So what now, boomer? permalink award report block reply MAPatriot1966 3 points 1 hour ago Maybe you need to get out and enjoy your life more. Sound like a victim permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 hour ago You are defined in that Boomer's mind by the trust fund kids they see on Fox News. Your complaint will not be heard by the Boomer who watches Fox News because they don't have time to browse The Donald with how much Fox News they watch. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 1 hour ago I had avocado toast once, there was an included breakfast at a hotel. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 48 minutes ago what is avocado toast anyway? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 47 minutes ago It's toast with avocado and salt. Imagine eating an avocado sandwich, but less avocado and less bread (also it's the price of a whole avocado in your area $$$). permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 45 minutes ago but why?  i mean thanks for answering...kinda a weird thing to want to eat theres scrambled eggs and hotsauce permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... DeepFrozenOcean 3 points 2 hours ago Boomers have no idea how bad it is. They have no idea the rate of home ownership is almost the same it was in 1970. Oh and instead of 21-year-olds buying new homes, 42 is the new median age. Why don't we increase the rate again with no income checks and have ourselves another 2008 housing crisis? How about we implement 50-year mortgages and have generational leases, just like in feudalistic times? Treating housing like it's an investment instead of a basic human need is how Boomers created this situation. I'd build my house just like Great Grandpa did, but the government would stop me. I'm not sure why, but they want to tax me for just owning property. Is it really yours if you have to pay to keep it? permalink award report block reply thelastlast 4 points 2 hours ago that last part is the worst.  there are builders in my fam.  2 generations ago they were building houses when they wanted to and can't believe what's happened with regulations and taxes. we're not free anymore.  we're going to have to claw to get our freedom back.  wouldn't have it any other way tbh. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 46 minutes ago how come animals are allowed to build their own houses you would think life liberty and the pursuit of happiness would include building your own nest like a free creature permalink parent award report block reply finnigan 2 points 2 hours ago The government started making regulations and insurance companies started raising rates, it wasn't boomers who did that.  Boomers lived in 2 bedroom apartments with three or four kids but no one mentions that.  Boomers had the gift of Vietnam dumped on them by government.  The 70s were fiscally brutal, we were young adults, we didn't do that either.  What we did is put our heads down and shoulder to the wheel driving cabs, waiting tables and landscaping then the govt brought H1bs and loosened immigration to the point of a joke.  A 60k house on a 20k income sounds sweet to you but the interest rates in the 80s were 13-18%.  You guys are screwed because everything govt did to us they are doing to you in spades.  Government in all its forms is evil. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers were born from 1946 to 1964. From 1940 to 1980 , homeownership rate increased with every census. 1970 the homeownership rate was 65 percent 1979 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent A bunch of mortgage hiking and unsustainable loans happened, and there was a housing collapse in 2008 . 2024 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent What people are complaining about isn't that less people are buying houses, it's that less people can afford houses. There has been an INSANE decrease in affordability . It's quadruple the work to afford a house now, what used to cost only an arm or a leg now costs both arms and both legs. It makes someone want to build a house themselves, for it's far less work, but we can't because the government will not permit it. Those olden time shit cars were affordable for a teenager with a summer job, jobs that don't even exist in most communities, now with floods of high-skilled immigrants. We can't drive cabs anymore, we can only rent one bedroom apartments instead of two. Something happened in the 70s that really fucked over wages, and it has only gotten worse. I'm talking about Boomers that hold on to their homes, turn them into rentals, and Boomers that stay in congress for entirely too long. I'm talking about the generation that decided to invest in real estate instead of $7 coffees, creating an almost insurmountable buy-in for homeownership. permalink parent award report block reply DiamondDroid 2 points 2 hours ago Spor on. TANSTAAFL has be true since the day after the Garden. Ain't nothing easy. If it is, head on a swivel, there's a good chance it's a trap. permalink award report block reply RedWave26 1 points 2 hours ago Boomers didn’t waste time posting stupid shit in discussion groups on the internet. This generation is soft. Change my mind. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers are 99% of facebook, they are in the most retarded sections of the internet posting and they still don’t know how to restart a modem. permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 1 points 14 minutes ago Is it true that zoomers only submit applications online and do not walk into the physical building to drop off the application/ resume? Do zoomers ever go to the physical location of the company to check on the status of their application or is that something that only boomers did? permalink parent award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 9 minutes ago As I finished college in the late 70s I was bombarded by the message "Expect to have far less than your parents provided. Expect a smaller home, no car or a tiny one. Expect near starvation. Expect a shrunken economy and gross levels of pollution in every stream, lake, ocean, and in the skies." I was thrilled to buy a shitty tiny old house in a bad neighborhood with a 10% mortgage as the mortgage rate was rapidly shooting up to 16%. I was fine with watching every penny so that I could scrape up enough cash to buy gas and food, neither of which one could easily buy on credit. After all, my job as a structural engineer paid a booming $8.70 per hour in 1978. Before income and other taxes which started then with the very first dollar you earned. Never could afford a tiny violin. Wish I had one for you now. Get the best deal on a the best education you can afford toward the best paying job(s) you can find. Work 40-60 hours a week for years and figure out your best strategy to accumulate a few dollars of independence, even if it means home-cooked red beans and rice instead of door-dash or grocery frozen meals. Take public transit to work, which I did for years if you have to. (Today you might have to carry.) Or just ride a used bike if you can. Don't pay monthly subscriptions to anything or buy expensive fancy toys. Operate a car simple enough that you can do most maintenance and repairs. Ditto for your house when you can ever afford one. One life-tip I totally failed: Find a loyal and high-quality spouse or else you will finally have  accumulated something after 25 years or so just to see it all destroyed and have to start all over while you also try to pick up all the pieces from that destruction. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 0 points 1 hour ago $1,500 every 3 years... If it weren't for that then they could afford a 50 year mortgage for.... $25,000. Or well, whatever chump change value would equal that amount with 50 years of interest added.... Don't feel like doing the math so I'm guessing less than $500? permalink award report block reply
thelastlast 8 points 2 hours ago both posts are kinda true, I see what the presumed boomer is trying to say. but it is funny that if you add up all the "savings" in the first post it gets you a few thousand more, at most, so that's also a retarded thing to say. permalink award report block reply BadManOrange 3 points 1 hour ago That's the thing. First off, most people aren't buying a new smartphone every year (and I doubt most are buying top of the line $1500 phones either). The average person keeps their phone for 2-3 years when the battery life is no longer viable. So even if it's 2 years, that savings comes out to $62.50 per month. Subscription services, let's say those add up to another $50. The other two are hard to quantify, are people really spending $14 per day on coffees or buying Uber eats every day? If they are, then sure, they're wasting tons of money on garbage. However, let's say someone is spending even $500 per month (which is still very wasteful) on those things rather than thousands. Even if I add all that up, we're talking about an extra $600 cash. That's a drop in the bucket on a mortgage payment. Even if you throw in going to the bar, going on vacation, etc. Sure, taking out all of the optional things will add up and help, but it's still not close to enough with the housing prices that we see today. permalink parent award report block reply Nothing007 1 points 41 minutes ago or buying Uber eats every day? Actually, I couldn't believe this either but it's even worse than you've laid it out.  People are using Uber Eats for Taco Bell.  Taco fucking Bell. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 2 minutes ago People are too lazy to go out and pick stuff up themselves. I've heard of a home cooking boom after covid, I question whether it's held up... daily uber/doordash sounds crazy to me though. permalink parent award report block reply
BadManOrange 3 points 1 hour ago That's the thing. First off, most people aren't buying a new smartphone every year (and I doubt most are buying top of the line $1500 phones either). The average person keeps their phone for 2-3 years when the battery life is no longer viable. So even if it's 2 years, that savings comes out to $62.50 per month. Subscription services, let's say those add up to another $50. The other two are hard to quantify, are people really spending $14 per day on coffees or buying Uber eats every day? If they are, then sure, they're wasting tons of money on garbage. However, let's say someone is spending even $500 per month (which is still very wasteful) on those things rather than thousands. Even if I add all that up, we're talking about an extra $600 cash. That's a drop in the bucket on a mortgage payment. Even if you throw in going to the bar, going on vacation, etc. Sure, taking out all of the optional things will add up and help, but it's still not close to enough with the housing prices that we see today. permalink parent award report block reply Nothing007 1 points 41 minutes ago or buying Uber eats every day? Actually, I couldn't believe this either but it's even worse than you've laid it out.  People are using Uber Eats for Taco Bell.  Taco fucking Bell. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 2 minutes ago People are too lazy to go out and pick stuff up themselves. I've heard of a home cooking boom after covid, I question whether it's held up... daily uber/doordash sounds crazy to me though. permalink parent award report block reply
Nothing007 1 points 41 minutes ago or buying Uber eats every day? Actually, I couldn't believe this either but it's even worse than you've laid it out.  People are using Uber Eats for Taco Bell.  Taco fucking Bell. permalink parent award report block reply BadManOrange 1 points 2 minutes ago People are too lazy to go out and pick stuff up themselves. I've heard of a home cooking boom after covid, I question whether it's held up... daily uber/doordash sounds crazy to me though. permalink parent award report block reply
BadManOrange 1 points 2 minutes ago People are too lazy to go out and pick stuff up themselves. I've heard of a home cooking boom after covid, I question whether it's held up... daily uber/doordash sounds crazy to me though. permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 7 points 2 hours ago When are you gonna give up your $1,500 smartphone that you buy the new version of every year or so? I’ve only ever spent $200 on a phone, have a cheap plan and run the phone until it dies. When are you cancelling all your subscription services? I have one measly subscription to Spotify for a whopping $10/mo. Have never had any others, ever. When are you giving up Uber, and UberEats? Never used them. When are you going to stop buying a $7 "coffee" every morning, sometimes twice a day or more? I drink water. When are you going to do without a weeklong (or longer) vacation at least once each year to some exotic locale? I’ve never done such a thing. I don’t even take weekend-length trips to neighboring states anymore due to how expensive they are now. When are you gonna sell your brand-new car, buy a beater, and drive it until the wheels fall off instead of trading in every 3-5 years? My truck is 10 years old and replaced my old car which rusted in half. When are you gonna stop going clubbing every weekend? Never been to a club in my life. Don’t even go to the local bar. When are you gonna let go of your $100/week or more booze/weed habit? I spend maybe $100 a quarter (that’s 3 months) on beer. When are you gonna quit eating out almost exclusively? I’ve eaten out exactly 3 times this year. All of them were business lunches (write-off!) and I only paid for one of them and picked up the tip on the others. So what now, boomer? permalink award report block reply MAPatriot1966 3 points 1 hour ago Maybe you need to get out and enjoy your life more. Sound like a victim permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 hour ago You are defined in that Boomer's mind by the trust fund kids they see on Fox News. Your complaint will not be heard by the Boomer who watches Fox News because they don't have time to browse The Donald with how much Fox News they watch. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 1 hour ago I had avocado toast once, there was an included breakfast at a hotel. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 48 minutes ago what is avocado toast anyway? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 47 minutes ago It's toast with avocado and salt. Imagine eating an avocado sandwich, but less avocado and less bread (also it's the price of a whole avocado in your area $$$). permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 45 minutes ago but why?  i mean thanks for answering...kinda a weird thing to want to eat theres scrambled eggs and hotsauce permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MAPatriot1966 3 points 1 hour ago Maybe you need to get out and enjoy your life more. Sound like a victim permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 hour ago You are defined in that Boomer's mind by the trust fund kids they see on Fox News. Your complaint will not be heard by the Boomer who watches Fox News because they don't have time to browse The Donald with how much Fox News they watch. permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 1 hour ago I had avocado toast once, there was an included breakfast at a hotel. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 48 minutes ago what is avocado toast anyway? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 47 minutes ago It's toast with avocado and salt. Imagine eating an avocado sandwich, but less avocado and less bread (also it's the price of a whole avocado in your area $$$). permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 45 minutes ago but why?  i mean thanks for answering...kinda a weird thing to want to eat theres scrambled eggs and hotsauce permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 48 minutes ago what is avocado toast anyway? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 47 minutes ago It's toast with avocado and salt. Imagine eating an avocado sandwich, but less avocado and less bread (also it's the price of a whole avocado in your area $$$). permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 45 minutes ago but why?  i mean thanks for answering...kinda a weird thing to want to eat theres scrambled eggs and hotsauce permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 47 minutes ago It's toast with avocado and salt. Imagine eating an avocado sandwich, but less avocado and less bread (also it's the price of a whole avocado in your area $$$). permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 45 minutes ago but why?  i mean thanks for answering...kinda a weird thing to want to eat theres scrambled eggs and hotsauce permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 45 minutes ago but why?  i mean thanks for answering...kinda a weird thing to want to eat theres scrambled eggs and hotsauce permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
DeepFrozenOcean 3 points 2 hours ago Boomers have no idea how bad it is. They have no idea the rate of home ownership is almost the same it was in 1970. Oh and instead of 21-year-olds buying new homes, 42 is the new median age. Why don't we increase the rate again with no income checks and have ourselves another 2008 housing crisis? How about we implement 50-year mortgages and have generational leases, just like in feudalistic times? Treating housing like it's an investment instead of a basic human need is how Boomers created this situation. I'd build my house just like Great Grandpa did, but the government would stop me. I'm not sure why, but they want to tax me for just owning property. Is it really yours if you have to pay to keep it? permalink award report block reply thelastlast 4 points 2 hours ago that last part is the worst.  there are builders in my fam.  2 generations ago they were building houses when they wanted to and can't believe what's happened with regulations and taxes. we're not free anymore.  we're going to have to claw to get our freedom back.  wouldn't have it any other way tbh. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 46 minutes ago how come animals are allowed to build their own houses you would think life liberty and the pursuit of happiness would include building your own nest like a free creature permalink parent award report block reply finnigan 2 points 2 hours ago The government started making regulations and insurance companies started raising rates, it wasn't boomers who did that.  Boomers lived in 2 bedroom apartments with three or four kids but no one mentions that.  Boomers had the gift of Vietnam dumped on them by government.  The 70s were fiscally brutal, we were young adults, we didn't do that either.  What we did is put our heads down and shoulder to the wheel driving cabs, waiting tables and landscaping then the govt brought H1bs and loosened immigration to the point of a joke.  A 60k house on a 20k income sounds sweet to you but the interest rates in the 80s were 13-18%.  You guys are screwed because everything govt did to us they are doing to you in spades.  Government in all its forms is evil. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers were born from 1946 to 1964. From 1940 to 1980 , homeownership rate increased with every census. 1970 the homeownership rate was 65 percent 1979 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent A bunch of mortgage hiking and unsustainable loans happened, and there was a housing collapse in 2008 . 2024 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent What people are complaining about isn't that less people are buying houses, it's that less people can afford houses. There has been an INSANE decrease in affordability . It's quadruple the work to afford a house now, what used to cost only an arm or a leg now costs both arms and both legs. It makes someone want to build a house themselves, for it's far less work, but we can't because the government will not permit it. Those olden time shit cars were affordable for a teenager with a summer job, jobs that don't even exist in most communities, now with floods of high-skilled immigrants. We can't drive cabs anymore, we can only rent one bedroom apartments instead of two. Something happened in the 70s that really fucked over wages, and it has only gotten worse. I'm talking about Boomers that hold on to their homes, turn them into rentals, and Boomers that stay in congress for entirely too long. I'm talking about the generation that decided to invest in real estate instead of $7 coffees, creating an almost insurmountable buy-in for homeownership. permalink parent award report block reply
thelastlast 4 points 2 hours ago that last part is the worst.  there are builders in my fam.  2 generations ago they were building houses when they wanted to and can't believe what's happened with regulations and taxes. we're not free anymore.  we're going to have to claw to get our freedom back.  wouldn't have it any other way tbh. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 46 minutes ago how come animals are allowed to build their own houses you would think life liberty and the pursuit of happiness would include building your own nest like a free creature permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 46 minutes ago how come animals are allowed to build their own houses you would think life liberty and the pursuit of happiness would include building your own nest like a free creature permalink parent award report block reply
finnigan 2 points 2 hours ago The government started making regulations and insurance companies started raising rates, it wasn't boomers who did that.  Boomers lived in 2 bedroom apartments with three or four kids but no one mentions that.  Boomers had the gift of Vietnam dumped on them by government.  The 70s were fiscally brutal, we were young adults, we didn't do that either.  What we did is put our heads down and shoulder to the wheel driving cabs, waiting tables and landscaping then the govt brought H1bs and loosened immigration to the point of a joke.  A 60k house on a 20k income sounds sweet to you but the interest rates in the 80s were 13-18%.  You guys are screwed because everything govt did to us they are doing to you in spades.  Government in all its forms is evil. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers were born from 1946 to 1964. From 1940 to 1980 , homeownership rate increased with every census. 1970 the homeownership rate was 65 percent 1979 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent A bunch of mortgage hiking and unsustainable loans happened, and there was a housing collapse in 2008 . 2024 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent What people are complaining about isn't that less people are buying houses, it's that less people can afford houses. There has been an INSANE decrease in affordability . It's quadruple the work to afford a house now, what used to cost only an arm or a leg now costs both arms and both legs. It makes someone want to build a house themselves, for it's far less work, but we can't because the government will not permit it. Those olden time shit cars were affordable for a teenager with a summer job, jobs that don't even exist in most communities, now with floods of high-skilled immigrants. We can't drive cabs anymore, we can only rent one bedroom apartments instead of two. Something happened in the 70s that really fucked over wages, and it has only gotten worse. I'm talking about Boomers that hold on to their homes, turn them into rentals, and Boomers that stay in congress for entirely too long. I'm talking about the generation that decided to invest in real estate instead of $7 coffees, creating an almost insurmountable buy-in for homeownership. permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers were born from 1946 to 1964. From 1940 to 1980 , homeownership rate increased with every census. 1970 the homeownership rate was 65 percent 1979 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent A bunch of mortgage hiking and unsustainable loans happened, and there was a housing collapse in 2008 . 2024 the homeownership rate was 65.7 percent What people are complaining about isn't that less people are buying houses, it's that less people can afford houses. There has been an INSANE decrease in affordability . It's quadruple the work to afford a house now, what used to cost only an arm or a leg now costs both arms and both legs. It makes someone want to build a house themselves, for it's far less work, but we can't because the government will not permit it. Those olden time shit cars were affordable for a teenager with a summer job, jobs that don't even exist in most communities, now with floods of high-skilled immigrants. We can't drive cabs anymore, we can only rent one bedroom apartments instead of two. Something happened in the 70s that really fucked over wages, and it has only gotten worse. I'm talking about Boomers that hold on to their homes, turn them into rentals, and Boomers that stay in congress for entirely too long. I'm talking about the generation that decided to invest in real estate instead of $7 coffees, creating an almost insurmountable buy-in for homeownership. permalink parent award report block reply
DiamondDroid 2 points 2 hours ago Spor on. TANSTAAFL has be true since the day after the Garden. Ain't nothing easy. If it is, head on a swivel, there's a good chance it's a trap. permalink award report block reply
RedWave26 1 points 2 hours ago Boomers didn’t waste time posting stupid shit in discussion groups on the internet. This generation is soft. Change my mind. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers are 99% of facebook, they are in the most retarded sections of the internet posting and they still don’t know how to restart a modem. permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 1 points 14 minutes ago Is it true that zoomers only submit applications online and do not walk into the physical building to drop off the application/ resume? Do zoomers ever go to the physical location of the company to check on the status of their application or is that something that only boomers did? permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland OP 0 points 1 hour ago Boomers are 99% of facebook, they are in the most retarded sections of the internet posting and they still don’t know how to restart a modem. permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 1 points 14 minutes ago Is it true that zoomers only submit applications online and do not walk into the physical building to drop off the application/ resume? Do zoomers ever go to the physical location of the company to check on the status of their application or is that something that only boomers did? permalink parent award report block reply
Midsouth 1 points 14 minutes ago Is it true that zoomers only submit applications online and do not walk into the physical building to drop off the application/ resume? Do zoomers ever go to the physical location of the company to check on the status of their application or is that something that only boomers did? permalink parent award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 9 minutes ago As I finished college in the late 70s I was bombarded by the message "Expect to have far less than your parents provided. Expect a smaller home, no car or a tiny one. Expect near starvation. Expect a shrunken economy and gross levels of pollution in every stream, lake, ocean, and in the skies." I was thrilled to buy a shitty tiny old house in a bad neighborhood with a 10% mortgage as the mortgage rate was rapidly shooting up to 16%. I was fine with watching every penny so that I could scrape up enough cash to buy gas and food, neither of which one could easily buy on credit. After all, my job as a structural engineer paid a booming $8.70 per hour in 1978. Before income and other taxes which started then with the very first dollar you earned. Never could afford a tiny violin. Wish I had one for you now. Get the best deal on a the best education you can afford toward the best paying job(s) you can find. Work 40-60 hours a week for years and figure out your best strategy to accumulate a few dollars of independence, even if it means home-cooked red beans and rice instead of door-dash or grocery frozen meals. Take public transit to work, which I did for years if you have to. (Today you might have to carry.) Or just ride a used bike if you can. Don't pay monthly subscriptions to anything or buy expensive fancy toys. Operate a car simple enough that you can do most maintenance and repairs. Ditto for your house when you can ever afford one. One life-tip I totally failed: Find a loyal and high-quality spouse or else you will finally have  accumulated something after 25 years or so just to see it all destroyed and have to start all over while you also try to pick up all the pieces from that destruction. permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 0 points 1 hour ago $1,500 every 3 years... If it weren't for that then they could afford a 50 year mortgage for.... $25,000. Or well, whatever chump change value would equal that amount with 50 years of interest added.... Don't feel like doing the math so I'm guessing less than $500? permalink award report block reply