374 3D chess = Intelligence posted 2 days ago by blue5707 26 comments award share report block Harmeet K. Dhillon @HarmeetKDhillon • 2d Pretty sure we all know who got played Breaking911 @Breaking911 • 2d Kamala says she was playing "3 -dimensional chess" during the campaign against Trump 💀 "I understood the game that was being played, & I made a decision that I wasn't gonna get played."
26 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Right0hio 19 points 1 day ago The fact that she was even able to be elevated to the level of presidential candidate proves beyond any reasonable doubt that everything is rigged. She’s not even qualified to co-host THE VIEW! Lord, she’s stupid. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 4 points 1 day ago She must really have no gag reflex. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 1 day ago She’s pretty good at backroom politics, but terrible at retail politics. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 2 points 1 day ago Lord, she’s stupid. The gaggle around aren't any better. I doubt any of them top 90IQ. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 15 points 2 days ago Bitch doesn’t even know how to play 1 dimensional Chess. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 10 points 2 days ago "I played because I was playing, and that is the Playing we all have to do - because today is the day and playing is what we do every day - and because it's today - and that gives me time to play - know what I mean?" -- K Harris, probably. permalink award report block reply Right0hio 8 points 1 day ago …..and that time is now. permalink parent award report block reply Right0hio 9 points 1 day ago She was playing 1 dimensional connect 4. permalink award report block reply Saxonlady 9 points 1 day ago FFS. She is such a stupid cunt, she makes me ashamed to share the same gender. permalink award report block reply okboomer59 8 points 1 day ago She was focused on her message about widespread economic hardship, caused by the administration in which she was serving... permalink award report block reply Liberats 6 points 1 day ago "Kamala says she was playing "3 -dimensional chess" during the campaign against Trump" After how many bottles did that statement occur? permalink award report block reply JtBlaze 5 points 1 day ago Dumb ignorant cunt. permalink award report block reply DogFart_ 4 points 1 day ago more like 3d checkers permalink award report block reply SALTY-OGRE 4 points 1 day ago Kamala is R E T A R D E D but just like Hillary she has been mentally broken by Trump, and it was the first time in their lives that they were defeated and not just handed power and influence. They have hatred because Trump lives in their mind every moment forever and Kamala will descend just like Hillary, deeper and deeper into desperation, anger and help push more division in this country because as you know "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."  -William Congreve Plus they are both bat shit crazy. permalink award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 4 points 1 day ago Seems the thick ghetto accent start a flow'n when talking to real black people. What a phony. permalink award report block reply SteveRogers42 3 points 1 day ago Sheeeiiittt!!! permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaVapeAgain 1 points 23 hours ago dumb broad, 3d chess is just chess. children play chess. you got to play at a higher level to beat Trump. permalink award report block reply MatterThatMetals 1 points 1 day ago lol ... somebody had to tell what 3D meant ... thus she thought she'd sound smart by using the word "dimensional" ... she can't even play checkers ... chess? ... jogger please ... permalink award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 1 day ago I don't want to hear another word from her for the rest of my life. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 1 day ago ,blah was playing 3D Trump was playing 5D permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 3 points 1 day ago he's got more dimensions, Jerry! permalink parent award report block reply Shaffro 1 points 1 day ago She's really hitting the bottle. Living in delusion world. permalink award report block reply Easzq8 1 points 1 day ago No matter how many pieces you put in your mouth you’re still not playing chess! permalink award report block reply TenaciousDT 1 points 1 day ago Jesus christ what a fuckin reeeetard. If she was successfully installed just imagine all the manmade horrors beyond our comprehension that were bound to occur. permalink award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 1 points 1 day ago You lost you dumb bitch permalink award report block reply
Right0hio 19 points 1 day ago The fact that she was even able to be elevated to the level of presidential candidate proves beyond any reasonable doubt that everything is rigged. She’s not even qualified to co-host THE VIEW! Lord, she’s stupid. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 4 points 1 day ago She must really have no gag reflex. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 1 day ago She’s pretty good at backroom politics, but terrible at retail politics. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 2 points 1 day ago Lord, she’s stupid. The gaggle around aren't any better. I doubt any of them top 90IQ. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 4 points 1 day ago She must really have no gag reflex. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 2 points 1 day ago She’s pretty good at backroom politics, but terrible at retail politics. permalink parent award report block reply
Transparency 2 points 1 day ago Lord, she’s stupid. The gaggle around aren't any better. I doubt any of them top 90IQ. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 15 points 2 days ago Bitch doesn’t even know how to play 1 dimensional Chess. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 10 points 2 days ago "I played because I was playing, and that is the Playing we all have to do - because today is the day and playing is what we do every day - and because it's today - and that gives me time to play - know what I mean?" -- K Harris, probably. permalink award report block reply Right0hio 8 points 1 day ago …..and that time is now. permalink parent award report block reply
Right0hio 8 points 1 day ago …..and that time is now. permalink parent award report block reply
Right0hio 9 points 1 day ago She was playing 1 dimensional connect 4. permalink award report block reply
Saxonlady 9 points 1 day ago FFS. She is such a stupid cunt, she makes me ashamed to share the same gender. permalink award report block reply
okboomer59 8 points 1 day ago She was focused on her message about widespread economic hardship, caused by the administration in which she was serving... permalink award report block reply
Liberats 6 points 1 day ago "Kamala says she was playing "3 -dimensional chess" during the campaign against Trump" After how many bottles did that statement occur? permalink award report block reply
JtBlaze 5 points 1 day ago Dumb ignorant cunt. permalink award report block reply
DogFart_ 4 points 1 day ago more like 3d checkers permalink award report block reply
SALTY-OGRE 4 points 1 day ago Kamala is R E T A R D E D but just like Hillary she has been mentally broken by Trump, and it was the first time in their lives that they were defeated and not just handed power and influence. They have hatred because Trump lives in their mind every moment forever and Kamala will descend just like Hillary, deeper and deeper into desperation, anger and help push more division in this country because as you know "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."  -William Congreve Plus they are both bat shit crazy. permalink award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 4 points 1 day ago Seems the thick ghetto accent start a flow'n when talking to real black people. What a phony. permalink award report block reply SteveRogers42 3 points 1 day ago Sheeeiiittt!!! permalink parent award report block reply
SteveRogers42 3 points 1 day ago Sheeeiiittt!!! permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaVapeAgain 1 points 23 hours ago dumb broad, 3d chess is just chess. children play chess. you got to play at a higher level to beat Trump. permalink award report block reply
MatterThatMetals 1 points 1 day ago lol ... somebody had to tell what 3D meant ... thus she thought she'd sound smart by using the word "dimensional" ... she can't even play checkers ... chess? ... jogger please ... permalink award report block reply
Perseverant 1 points 1 day ago I don't want to hear another word from her for the rest of my life. permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 1 points 1 day ago ,blah was playing 3D Trump was playing 5D permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 3 points 1 day ago he's got more dimensions, Jerry! permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 3 points 1 day ago he's got more dimensions, Jerry! permalink parent award report block reply
Shaffro 1 points 1 day ago She's really hitting the bottle. Living in delusion world. permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 1 points 1 day ago No matter how many pieces you put in your mouth you’re still not playing chess! permalink award report block reply
TenaciousDT 1 points 1 day ago Jesus christ what a fuckin reeeetard. If she was successfully installed just imagine all the manmade horrors beyond our comprehension that were bound to occur. permalink award report block reply
EastTexasMadLad 1 points 1 day ago You lost you dumb bitch permalink award report block reply