1073 Rand Paul posted 1 day ago by HiimHillaryClinton 246 comments award share download report block
246 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save xkgb 244 points 1 day ago I wouldn't mind making the shutdown permanent. permalink award report block reply Saltyminer11 119 points 1 day ago Rand Paul: "hear me out" permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 69 points 1 day ago I with Rand on this one - I preferred the House Bill.  Now that we know what's in it .. What's in the Senate Version that is not good - what did the democracts get out of it?  It looks to me like a lot of programs got blank check continuous funding. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 35 points 1 day ago I can tell you what Democrats got out of it: A continuation of Potato's spending and kicking President Trump's down the road a little more.  At this rate, President Trump's term will be ending and we'll still be operating under the Potato Regime's spending bills.  Everyone criticizing Rand should wake up and realize he's correct to vote against it.  It's time we start working with President Trump's spending bills.  Rand is supporting that.  How exactly is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 4 points 1 day ago Rand is the type of idiot who won't move for a semi truck drifting into his lane. He'll take the hit and die because he's "right." He's why it doesn't matter if we get the nuclear option, we'll still lose. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... 46DindoNuffin 25 points 1 day ago The Democrats got exactly what they thought they would get out of it.  The media was controlled for over a month by getting the message OFF of crime in Blue cities and illegal aliens, which were losing messages for them. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago ☝handshake is correct, the $1.5T illegal healthcare was just icing on the cake. The ''Clean CR'' is already packed with $2.5-3T in pork! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... spezisacuckold 8 points 1 day ago what did the democracts get out of it More Harris/Pelosi/Brandon budget? permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 5 points 1 day ago Everyone trump fired during the shutdown is being reinstated permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 0111000001100101 2 points 1 day ago He makes a lot of silly votes but this one was excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 22 hours ago He doesn't cast a lot of "silly" votes.  It's only the anti-Rand morons that want you to believe he does.  Most of his votes are pro-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Middleagedpatriot 2 points 1 day ago They got a new angle and now I have to read about this "populist left" about how Trump is the worst and now my x feed is just a bunch of people fighting over 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 2 points 1 day ago Those 50 year mortages (or equivalent) have been popular in hawaii.  The Builders are in collusion with the lenders to only only sell houses to those that will get an interest only loan with all sorts of add on's and riders in the HOA. (i.e. effectivley a rental). permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... load 1 more comments... Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago I always thought he was a Libertarian but he is just a Contrarian for grift/votes. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 1 day ago The issue isn’t Rand Paul, but the fact that when parties make a deal they find handful to vote other way.  Which means if you see 4-10 republicans vote with Democrats, it’s a back room deal and we aren’t capitalism lied to by faggots in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 1 points 1 day ago It makes sense I guess, since he likes to pose as a libertarian. permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 26 points 1 day ago Privatize ATC and I don't think most people notice any ill effects of that permalink parent award report block reply lemonparty 10 points 1 day ago Don't even have to change the structure of the system at all, just fund it with a surcharge on plane tickets. Make the people that fly pay for it directly, and it's never a pawn during shutdowns. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago Isn't that in theory how it works today?  Maybe the FAA should do more self funding - the reality is that that landing fee goes to a congress slush fund. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 9 points 1 day ago They could easily be 100% contractor. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 22 points 1 day ago "Hello saar, your plane needs to descend to 30,000 feet saar, please do the needful" Yeah, no. permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 7 points 1 day ago Seriously. Some people here are best sticking to their expertise of running the till at the gas station. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 1 day ago Contractor doesn't mean Indian. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... JohnN -1 points 1 day ago Nah.  They're already out there and they do a very good job.  There's no reason they can't all be contractors. https://www.atctower.com/ permalink parent award report block reply blackswans 1 points 1 day ago Canada's system, it's sad to say, for paying ATC is superior. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 0 points 23 hours ago It would be far superior. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 25 points 1 day ago yeah are we somehow supposed to pretend that it was not trump rather than rand who betrayed his base with this decision? where are the russ voight layoffs? where is the balanced budget? where are the regular appropriations bills, why are we still extending Nancy pelosis budget? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 17 points 1 day ago So... How exactly do you say Trump betrayed his base when he's not a part of the legislative branch? permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 20 points 1 day ago he could have let it be known from day one that he will not sign another continuing resolution. force congress to do their jobs. or if he wanted to play nicely at first, now that the government was already closed, with any negatives already realized, ride it out until congress does their jobs and sends new appropriations bills and not a continuing resolution of bidens budget. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 1 day ago You make a great point. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago I see you are fucking retarded permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal -2 points 1 day ago "Force congress to do their jobs." What does this mean? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... TheThreeSeashells 8 points 1 day ago He's pushing for a continuation of the Potato Regime's spending bill and criticizing the one Senator who's actually standing up for him by saying it's time to move forward with President Trump's spending bills.  I don't remember hearing, during the rallies last year, anything that sounded like, "We're going to spend the first year of my administration working under the Potato regime's spending bills...and I'm going to support that and call out anyone in Congress who wants to move forward with MAGA under MY spending bills." permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You mean the senator that helped pass that budget? Retard. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... goatnuts 4 points 1 day ago He's deporting like a hundred people a week, making a big show of very little, he's not going to arrest anyone with regard to the overthrow of the US government or the child trafficking industry that the US intelligence agencies and many politicians are a part of, he's never tried to balance the budget, little work done stopping the fraudulent outflow of tax dollars to NGOs, he's not spearheading cleaning out the judiciary, he's not making headway fixing the elections before the midterms, basically all of the short term MAGA priorities that have to be accomplished to make any lasting changes are being ignored. But we get 50 year mortgages, more money to Ukraine and Israel, those bad bad air traffic controllers not working for free, and who the fuck is Epstein anyway? People are still talking about that? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 4 points 1 day ago Over 2 million have been deported and the border is shut. That alone is game changing. Comey and Mustach have been indicted by a grand jury. Adam Schiff is up next.  They're already trying to soften the news by leaking it early. Letitia James has been indicted. Many local and state officials have been arrested. Thousands of children found.  Record breaking arrests of traffickers. What you're saying doesn't track with reality. You also have this misconception that all of this is on Trump. Elections are ran by the states.  Until corruption at the state level is resolved, what do you expect Trump to do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Deport. You are a massive faggot. It’s obviously far more than that permalink parent award report block reply dr_gonzo 8 points 1 day ago Exactly. This is just a continuation of Obummer's new "budgetary" process of continuing resolution after continuing resolution with omnibus bill after omnibus bill funding the government. Since we made that switch in 2009 the national debt has gone from 7 trillion to 37 trillion. So it took 232 years to amass 7 trillion in debt, and 17 years to pile up the other 30 trillion. I have explained a billion times on here, spending is Trump's achilles heal. It's what is ultimately going to destroy his legacy because the severe repercussions are approaching fast. They're not decades away, they're a few years away when the interest payment on the national debt exceeds federal revenue. At that point, when it's definitely too late, suddenly governmental austerity will be the feeling of the day and the presidents of this century will all be remembered with hatred and vitriol, I promise you. Like every other politician, Rand knows those repercussions are approaching. He's just one of the only politicians willing to take a stand now, instead of when it's too fucking late. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago a failed artist with a distinct mustache provided the case study and play book for the way out after hyperinflation, which was universally heralded as an economic miracle at the time. but trump and our government is captured by the tribe who hides behind international finance and benefits from the inflation permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago The layoffs were halted by one of the 700 federal judges tasked with obstructing Trump.  IIRC, the case is still winding through the appeals process. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago court case is about doge layoffs... it is widely understood that a government shutdown provides broad authority to preform reductions in force permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Yes. Rand Paul is a traitor. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 8 points 1 day ago but how could Israel get more money if the government is shut down permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 1 day ago Israel funding is like Social Security. It's paid no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply load 9 more comments... Bullet3250 78 points 1 day ago Maybe the republicans should flip and now work to KEEP THE GOVERNMENT CLOSED... I am beginning to like the Gov shut down... permalink award report block reply Throwingway22 23 points 1 day ago There are certain things we need to get off of the Government Shutdown Paycycle, to be fair. They are only there to be the sad puppy hostages. Air Traffic Controllers, Military, ICE (eventually, though spared this time by the BBB). Let all entitlements stay on the cycle, though. We can shut those down permanently. permalink parent award report block reply Oback_Barama 17 points 1 day ago But without SNAP, Twanishia can’t afford to get her nails did! permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 60 points 1 day ago So we are supposed to dislike Paul for voting for what we wanted? A month ago, people here were singing the praises of the shut down.  Now they've flip flopped.  That is the mindset of a cult.  Whatever the cult tells you to believe, thats what you believe. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 20 points 1 day ago This is exhausting. You've boiled the voting down to "open or shut". I suggest digging in a little farther and finding out the reason behind the government shutting down and the reason it is now reopening. permalink parent award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 15 points 1 day ago Yup. As much as I would like it to stay closed, for one thing having the airports closed during Thanksgiving would be an absolute optics nightmare for Trump. Most people know it was a Dem shutdown, but many lemmings are and have been easily convinced it was somehow Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 1 day ago When the government runs based on optics you're not doing it right. permalink parent award report block reply theDialecticalPlaya 3 points 1 day ago There's a lot of clowns (i.e.libertarians) on this site who just function as Massiebots/Randbots. I wanted Trump to annihilate a large number of government jobs and for the Senate GOP to finally act like the opposition party and punch the Demtards in the mouth by nuking the filibuster and pushing through everything on the Trump agenda. I got neither, but while acknowledging that the government had to reopen and being worried the GOP would play their part in Shutdown Theater by caving to the left, the shitlibs incredibly got nothing except a vague promise to have a vote on giving $1.5 trillion to illegals. Trump won again, yet somehow Rand is a hero becsuse he wrote a book and is the lead actor in his never-ending Fauci grift. permalink parent award report block reply akai_ferret 2 points 1 day ago The democrats are getting what they want and Republicans are shown to be cucked faggots once again.
And you act like that's victory. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... LineInTheSand 0 points 1 day ago Why care what the lemmings think?  They aren't going to change how they vote.  Do what is best for America. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 8 points 1 day ago i'm well aware of the reasons for shutting it down. Nothing has changed from the beginning of the shut down except for people's minds. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So what were the reasons for the shutdown? If I recall it was mainly about ACA subsidies, which expire in 2025. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 1 day ago Republicans wanted a clean CR which basically just extends the current spending without adding new spending. Democrats wanted to continue ACA subsidy funding which expires in Dec. i think. Without the subsidies there will be public pressure to do something with the ACA.   Republicans want pressure applied to force changes in the ACA or get rid of it all together. Rand Paul wants budget cuts.  He has not waivered in his position on that.   He votes his principles, like them or not, and he doesnt play the political games.   That doesnt make him a bad person. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Illegal alien healthcare, idiot. And nothing changed. There was always going to be negotiations on this permalink parent award report block reply krakah293 1 points 23 hours ago Enlighten us. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 22 hours ago Pretty simple.  The dems wanted Healthcare for illegals i.e. ACA subsidies. They caved and didn't get it. The only thing they got was a promise of a vote. In politics this is huge that they caved. It was never about open or shut like the commenter I replied to said. It was about what the Dems wanted for illegals. permalink parent award report block reply FaRmErX2000 9 points 1 day ago the rules here state this is a never ending trump rally... and if you post anything critical, you are downvoted. its almost like being on r/politics but the moderators havent had sex changes permalink parent award report block reply intamin 2 points 22 hours ago The rules aren't enforced that much, anymore, lol. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago What will happen to this place in 2028? permalink parent award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 2 points 1 day ago We'll rally behind Jeb Bush permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 hours ago unironically there are people here would would be better served by president Nimrata permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago It's amazing how many times I've called out this hypocrisy during the shutdown and got attacked/downvoted for it.  Never once did anyone realize what they were doing.  This is complete NPC bullshit.  Not to mention, Rand is right.  He's arguing that it's time to move on to President Trump's budget and stop working under the Potato Regime's budget.  Also, he doesn't want to reinstate the foreign spending cuts by DOGE and undo the Recission bill, which is what a CR will do.  How is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago I saw this too. Whatever Trump wants, we want now. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Nobody wanted this faggot. If you think this is what people wanted you are either from India or retarded. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 1 points 15 hours ago You say nobody wanted him yet he won his election more than once.  Perhaps you should try not to exaggerate. permalink parent award report block reply load 13 more comments... Aquamine-Amarine 47 points 1 day ago Well I don't really want to open it again either... permalink award report block reply Kpak76 32 points 1 day ago Lets be honest.  Most of us do not want to government reopened. permalink award report block reply Emanresu99 1 points 9 hours ago I'm not even sure I want any federal government anymore. Just an army for the border, to turn anyone around. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 22 points 1 day ago He's trying to prevent some bans on hemp (which is a very beneficial non-drug plant) it sounds like May have other reasons idk https://xcancel.com/SenRandPaul it sounds like banning a drug loophole is a pretext, Rand tweeted: The hemp provision in this appropriations package wipes out nearly 100% of legal hemp products overnight: killing jobs, crushing farmers, and overriding 23 state laws that already regulate hemp responsibly. Our farmers have turned to hemp as a lifeline when fertilizer, fuel, and equipment costs skyrocketed and crop prices fell. Instead of working with us to crack down on bad actors and synthetic cannabinoids, some in Congress chose prohibition. Kentucky jobs are not collateral. Our farmers are not bargaining chips. permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 16 points 1 day ago How the fuck is this shit in the bill? It would be like a gun ban or digital ID thrown in there. There really is nobody left to vote for. Screaming lefty troons vs 1984 GOP. Talk about a rock and a hard place. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago It’s not. It’s a separate issue they were going to vote on later. He is just being a never trump faggot that only cares about single issue bills when they don’t give him an opportunity to sabotage Trump permalink parent award report block reply ismellhippies 5 points 1 day ago I'm all for the shutdown, the longer the government is shutdown the more it proves we don't need them.  So far my only issues with shutdowns are not paying the military and air traffic control. I generally like Rand's stances on most issues.  He's very fiscally conservative, and generally very pro liberty.  He does have some bad takes, but who doesn't.  And he's very milquetoast, I don't think he has the right temperament to be president especially when it comes to foreign policy. The issue here is the process.  There are no single issue votes, and Rand tends to dig his heels in and vote "No" over a single provision quite often.  And he tends to stick to his ideals and not accept that sometimes "passing x is better than the alternative even if it's not what you want". Every bill should have a narrow focus, it should only cover a single issue, or a group of related issues.  It should be clear what our representatives support and don't support, and it's harder to support pork spending when it's standing on it's own vs when it's combined with what's an otherwise a good bill. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago His principles are important. My question is whether he is supporting what his constituents want or what he wants. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He has no principles. He is a tds faggot permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -1 points 1 day ago Between unfair tariffs and illegal drug smugglers, he supports where his money comes from. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood -3 points 1 day ago He's working for the CCP. Hence why he's trying his best to strip Trump of the ability to levy Tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply Robert 2 points 23 hours ago Ah yes, banning synthetic weed and hamstringing the entire hemp industry when real weed is legal in half of the states, is habit-forming but not addictive (if you quit smoking, after 2 weeks you literally don't even care about it, and you'll go back to finding the smell irritating and not enjoyable), doesn't cause overdoses, and the synthetic "weed" doesn't even get you stoned. Kind of like trying to ban vapes when they're just as effective (if not more) as nicotine gum at getting people to quit cigarettes. Truly one of the decisions made in our time. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Show be where that is in the cr. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 16 hours ago if you find it, let me know in a quick search I think I found the original bill before the shutdown and if you do a ctrl+f for "hemp" some hits come up that you can read (which I'm assuming must be in the CR if this bill isn't the CR): https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/house-bill/5371/text permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -5 points 1 day ago You potheads love your hemp too. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... LostElf 17 points 1 day ago I mean...pretty much fuck all these people. Other than a strong quote here or there, none are acting to MAGA. permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 14 points 1 day ago Remember when we wanted the government to shut down, and hoped that it’d go on forever? Pepperidge Farm, and apparently Rand Paul, remembers. permalink award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 0 points 1 day ago I guess people love working 5 months per year for free so LaQuandisha can afford doritos and hair extensions permalink parent award report block reply Mkultra2000 11 points 1 day ago The entire idea that Tarrifs do not work and cause inflation and chaos is entirely a made up European concept and makes the Meises school of economics just an Intel op he and his dad (God Bless him) bought into. I did too until Trump showed me it ain’t true and it’s just been a trick to manipulate US policy for trade with Europe where they tariff the fuck out of us. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Literally hallucinating. Literally every single economist agrees when the idiots at the Fed that the tariffs have resulted in no inflationary pressure permalink parent award report block reply TrumpDupedMAGA -1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply f_bastiat 10 points 1 day ago Should have kept it closed. permalink award report block reply FaRmErX2000 10 points 1 day ago the republicans are moving left and rand paul isnt a leftist so he gets negative press permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 5 points 1 day ago That's an accurate interpretation. Most of the people criticizing Paul haven't even bothered to listen to or understand why he's voting "no" on this and are actually admitting it.  They've just been brainwashed into thinking they're supposed to hate Rand.  There's a bunch of them in this thread, but they're all over this site all the time. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 0 points 1 day ago He’s only voting no because he’s “principled.” permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, you are one of the people I described who never bothered to listen to his explanation.  The tl;dr is he wants to stop continuing the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget.  There's no reason that, a year into President Trump's term, we should still be operating under the previous regime's spending bills.  If President Trump was saying this, everyone would be cheering it on. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 -1 points 1 day ago Sometimes you have to take as good of a win as you can. The government staying closed more than 2-3 months would absolutely start riots and that is something the President DOES NOT NEED. We need to move the agenda through at lightning speed and Bland Paul gumming up the works isn’t helping at all. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... djentropyhardcore 0 points 23 hours ago I hate Rand because he's fake as shit, and gives libertarians a bad name.  His father was even worse.  Not a single one of these Paul family retards has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells -1 points 22 hours ago has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education They're not dictators.  Not to mention Rand outlined a plan to fix healthcare that could have eventually led to the destruction of Obamacare.  That would definitely be chalked up in the "shrinking government" column.  It's not his fault President Trump completely ignored it in favor of his plan to...well...do nothing. permalink parent award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 21 hours ago Government has no place in the healthcare industry.  There's absolutely nothing Rand could do to "fix healthcare" except to remove the government completely from it. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... covok48 -3 points 1 day ago He loves tariffs against us and drug smuggling. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago I disagree with his position on the tariffs.  He has a strong argument regarding the pro-active attacks against drug boats, although I disagree with him there.  (This is ignoring the fact that pro-active attacks on drug boats and "loving drug smuggling" are two completely separate things. Rand hardly supports "drug smuggling."  Not by a longshot.) I'm capable of independent thought and realize disagreeing with someone on two issues doesn't mean they need to be replaced.  Likely by someone who's going to disagree with us on a LOT more issues.  I disagree with President Trump on some issues, too.  Does that mean he needs to go, too?  You see how that logic works? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 0 points 21 hours ago Sit down. NPC detected permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He is literally funded by radical Muslims and democrat terrorists just like his buddy Massie. He is far more left than Trump based on his voting record permalink parent award report block reply FaRmErX2000 1 points 10 hours ago That’s the stupidest thing I have ever read permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 8 points 1 day ago The Lurch caucus pulls through for America. permalink award report block reply BaldyGull 12 points 1 day ago Uncle Festerman permalink parent award report block reply fullpotato1776 6 points 1 day ago Rand Paul is the only one who understands spending money we don't have isn't a good idea. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He is an idiot that votes with democrats always permalink parent award report block reply 559throw 5 points 1 day ago He's usually on the correct side of these fucking bullshit bills because there is ALWAYS bullshit we don't want that we're forced to get. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You apparently don’t know how he votes permalink parent award report block reply DelightfulDane 4 points 1 day ago Need a few color changes on there. Let's be honest, half of the red are really blue and many of those blue should be black permalink award report block reply Braineack 4 points 1 day ago Oh, NOW we want the government open? permalink award report block reply jiminycricket1941 4 points 1 day ago Rand Paul is such a fag. I used to think that guy should be president. Principles mean nothing if you’re not in power. permalink award report block reply Sunnybats2 3 points 1 day ago He votes against EVERY big spending measure permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago No, he votes with democrats when they want to spend money and against trump doing anything that could be useful permalink parent award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 3 points 23 hours ago Rand Paul, cuck supreme. permalink award report block reply grassshrimp 3 points 1 day ago Democrats demanded 1.5 trillion dollars to keep the Government open, and Rand is voting for them. And most of the posts in this thread are "supposedly MAGA" pretenders defending Rand and the Democrats by extension This place is fucked.  Completely. permalink award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton OP -1 points 1 day ago It really is. Haven’t posted in a while because of it. Guess things haven’t changed. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 0 points 1 day ago Until you created the OP. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton OP 1 points 1 day ago What permalink parent award report block reply Bullwinkle 3 points 1 day ago My skank senators voted to starve poor people. permalink award report block reply MagaChamp253 3 points 1 day ago I'm ok with it - let it all stay shuttered and shut down - forever. permalink award report block reply highenergywinning 2 points 1 day ago Burn it all down permalink award report block reply Spawnlingman 2 points 1 day ago Did anyone with a normal life and job even realize or see effects of the government being gone for almost 40 days?   They had to end this before it went too long before that became a topic. permalink award report block reply friedchicken 2 points 1 day ago RAND PAUL BABY LET'S GO :DDDDDD permalink award report block reply Vinnie 2 points 1 day ago Why is Bernie yellow? permalink award report block reply Yaemz123 2 points 1 day ago He's elected as an Independent. permalink parent award report block reply Crapachino 2 points 1 day ago Wink wink permalink parent award report block reply LogicalReasoning 2 points 1 day ago Need a montage of all the politicians talking about how the shutdown is leverage, and how they don't care about people, and then show all those who constantly voted against reopening. The ads write themselves. permalink award report block reply referencevariable 2 points 1 day ago No more money printing. Keep it shut down. permalink award report block reply akai_ferret 1 points 1 day ago I mean, I would vote to shut down the government ... PERMANENTLY. permalink award report block reply Maskurbator 1 points 1 day ago What's the point of this? This place is so skitso. Do we want the gov shut down or not? We should. Because we haven't been successful in shrinking it, so this is the option the left has provided. That said, it's the left stomping their feet to shut it down. Aside from military and a few other things who the fuck cares? If the federal government shut down permanently we'd be better off. permalink award report block reply Crapachino -1 points 1 day ago Trump hasn't been unsuccessful, he has been unwilling to drain the swamp. Elon was your only chance! permalink parent award report block reply neveser 1 points 18 hours ago I stand with Rand. permalink award report block reply bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago Keep it shut down. Seriously. Is you life any worse today that it was 39 days ago? No. permalink award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 1 points 1 day ago kinda like the vote to abolish slavery and pass the civil rights act. permalink award report block reply jeffwalker1776 1 points 1 day ago At least Rand Paul has principles. People will hate, but think about it: he was actually trying to fight for his constituents with the hemp amendment, unlike 99.9999999% of politicians permalink award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago Principals of kickbacks from the drug trade, sure. permalink parent award report block reply LesboPregnancyScare 1 points 18 hours ago Rand Paul is the only wise one, the only one who wants what the rest of us really want permalink award report block reply TheArchAngel 1 points 1 day ago as long as they took my tax dollars, I don't consider it a shutdown. permalink award report block reply pugsan 1 points 19 hours ago Rand Paul is controlled opposition, obviously. Says what most like to hear, but does as told by the cabal. permalink award report block reply captainmundane 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, I don't want it open until it is properly gutted. permalink award report block reply HoganP 1 points 1 day ago Stinchfield started his segment about Rand Paul last night by saying "His good ideas are really good, his bad ideas are really bad." I laughed. permalink award report block reply Rob55 1 points 22 hours ago I’m with the Dems and Rand Paul. Keep it shutdown permalink award report block reply nonrate 1 points 1 day ago I don't blame Rand, he opposed because there were probably still  non-essential expenditures in it or some other reason that made it a bad idea. He may be the most adult member in the room. permalink award report block reply joesfbi 1 points 1 day ago Funny how they have enough votes after filibuster talking points were getting more steam. Such waste of spaces. permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 1 day ago I can't fault him entirely. Take not though, this is entirely orchestrated. The people that voted to open it aren't up for reelection, and now the left wants Schumer's head for caving. Democrats accomplished nothing permalink award report block reply Snooptwo 1 points 24 hours ago So Rand is the only Republican that knows the government is completely unnecessary. permalink award report block reply Right0hio 1 points 1 day ago Ah, the Libertarian contrarian. permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 1 points 19 hours ago In defense of Rand the last 40 days were amazing in the fact people didn't freak out, except media. Also most American's realized these people didn't actually do anything until it was apparent a lot of shit was going to shut down due to ridiculous reasons. 1. A portion of 12% of the population threatened to riot over their $1000 this month for 3 carts of groceries being denied. 2. Why the fuck can I not get on a plane due to the govt monopolizing the airspace authority? If the airspace authority is legit then militarize and create a liaison branch between the two with pay attached to duty free treasury bonds exchangeable at any bank/commercial establishment. If this approach was more inline these budget pissing contests would also raise more Americans to the reality of taxes for the almighty D.C. Elite to do with it what they want. permalink award report block reply glasses2020 1 points 1 day ago Well the bill kills the entire US hemp industry because some retarded Republican senators think that hemp is the same thing as marijuana because they were heavily lobbied by the alcohol industry. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 1 day ago Not really a surprise. He and his dad are 'purist' libertarians. There's good and there's bad. permalink award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 23 hours ago No they aren't.  They aren't even libertarians. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago His dad is. He is not. He is a tds faggot funded by democrats acting on Democrat demands permalink parent award report block reply y_do_i_need_to_hide 1 points 1 day ago This is one of his ONLY actual attempts to reduce the size of government. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago He wasn’t trying to even reduce the size of government. He was trying to turn the cr into some sort of minibus to satisfy the potheads that help fund him permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 1 day ago Open or Shutdown they are laughing all the way to the bank with their portfolios. They couldn't give a lesser shit. permalink award report block reply twoscoops4america 1 points 22 hours ago He’s pissed about the Hemp language and how it will hurt Kentucky growers. permalink award report block reply dixie_knormous 1 points 1 day ago Keep it closed, permanently permalink award report block reply Nomad2013 1 points 1 day ago Remember when he was gonna get Fauci if R’s took over? Yeah, once R’s took over he decided to just write a book instead! permalink award report block reply Arriveria 1 points 1 day ago Government should stay closed permanently permalink award report block reply Babyfaceposey 1 points 1 day ago Run the bill through Grok for analysis. permalink award report block reply Cop-Morty 1 points 1 day ago Keep the government  closed. The parasites haven't felt enough pain permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 0 points 1 day ago Scrammed Paul permalink award report block reply 67Vert 0 points 1 day ago I can’t stand Rand. permalink award report block reply The_RedWolf 0 points 22 hours ago Paul is nothing if not consistent.  He doesn't blindly follow the party leader which I can respect in principle. permalink award report block reply yepyep 0 points 1 day ago Whatever it takes to remain bi-partisan I’m guessing. permalink award report block reply Webspawner3 0 points 1 day ago I trust Rand Paul permalink award report block reply djentropyhardcore 2 points 23 hours ago You shouldn't. permalink parent award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 0 points 1 day ago I'd take Rand Paul over ANY uniparty politician. I'd take Rand Paul over any MIGA politician. permalink award report block reply Emodius -1 points 1 day ago FUCK RAND PAUL permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace -3 points 1 day ago There's always that one asshole. permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, he's an asshole for continuing the shutdown everyone here has been celebrating because he wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's spending bill? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 1 day ago Ok, my point is during the shutdown timeline there was room for everyone to move in and out before casting their vote.  At the final vote you know where the majority is and you want to be special and make a point...that was not the time to go and use a shut out for creating a divide in the Party.  OK, supposed 1 of the 8 Dems decided to do that during the final vote. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 -3 points 1 day ago Imagine voting alongside AOC, and Bernie but somehow thinking you're the good guy! Rand, I've had it with you up to here (points mid naval) permalink award report block reply couranto -4 points 1 day ago Visuals like this destroy Rand’s chest pounding that he’s a “independent thinker.” He’s a libtard thinker who sides with the scumbag communists. permalink award report block reply Arriveria 6 points 1 day ago Weren’t you supporting the shutdown not long ago permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 3 points 1 day ago I haven't found one person attacking Rand for his vote who also wants, or ever wanted, the shutdown to end.  All of them cheered it on, then attacked Rand for justifiably voting to continue it. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -3 points 1 day ago You’re a Fag. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago Still looking. Side note:  That level of discourse is exactly what you get from the anti-Rand NPC crowd. permalink parent award report block reply Owmyballz -5 points 1 day ago Of course, fucking Paul.  You can only vote with the democrats for so much for so long before its a problem. permalink award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 1 day ago You think the Republicans are actually maga? 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot -4 points 1 day ago Remember to primary the shit out of this undercover democrat globalist permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago You mean the guy who's voting to do the thing you were all cheering about doing and have been celebrating all along?  The guy who wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget?  We should replace him with someone who wants to continue operating under the Potato Regime's budget and work against MAGA?  Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. permalink parent award report block reply mytummyhurts -6 points 1 day ago What an embarrassment permalink award report block reply unotrumpcard -10 points 1 day ago Hang Rand Paul permalink award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot -6 points 1 day ago You are being downvoted because PDW has been overtaken by trump-hating groypers. They love Iran, they love Palestine, they love Venezuela, they love islam. They hate Trump more than anything else permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 1 day ago Deport. permalink parent award report block reply
xkgb 244 points 1 day ago I wouldn't mind making the shutdown permanent. permalink award report block reply Saltyminer11 119 points 1 day ago Rand Paul: "hear me out" permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 69 points 1 day ago I with Rand on this one - I preferred the House Bill.  Now that we know what's in it .. What's in the Senate Version that is not good - what did the democracts get out of it?  It looks to me like a lot of programs got blank check continuous funding. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 35 points 1 day ago I can tell you what Democrats got out of it: A continuation of Potato's spending and kicking President Trump's down the road a little more.  At this rate, President Trump's term will be ending and we'll still be operating under the Potato Regime's spending bills.  Everyone criticizing Rand should wake up and realize he's correct to vote against it.  It's time we start working with President Trump's spending bills.  Rand is supporting that.  How exactly is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 4 points 1 day ago Rand is the type of idiot who won't move for a semi truck drifting into his lane. He'll take the hit and die because he's "right." He's why it doesn't matter if we get the nuclear option, we'll still lose. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... 46DindoNuffin 25 points 1 day ago The Democrats got exactly what they thought they would get out of it.  The media was controlled for over a month by getting the message OFF of crime in Blue cities and illegal aliens, which were losing messages for them. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago ☝handshake is correct, the $1.5T illegal healthcare was just icing on the cake. The ''Clean CR'' is already packed with $2.5-3T in pork! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... spezisacuckold 8 points 1 day ago what did the democracts get out of it More Harris/Pelosi/Brandon budget? permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 5 points 1 day ago Everyone trump fired during the shutdown is being reinstated permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 0111000001100101 2 points 1 day ago He makes a lot of silly votes but this one was excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 22 hours ago He doesn't cast a lot of "silly" votes.  It's only the anti-Rand morons that want you to believe he does.  Most of his votes are pro-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Middleagedpatriot 2 points 1 day ago They got a new angle and now I have to read about this "populist left" about how Trump is the worst and now my x feed is just a bunch of people fighting over 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 2 points 1 day ago Those 50 year mortages (or equivalent) have been popular in hawaii.  The Builders are in collusion with the lenders to only only sell houses to those that will get an interest only loan with all sorts of add on's and riders in the HOA. (i.e. effectivley a rental). permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... load 1 more comments... Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago I always thought he was a Libertarian but he is just a Contrarian for grift/votes. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 1 day ago The issue isn’t Rand Paul, but the fact that when parties make a deal they find handful to vote other way.  Which means if you see 4-10 republicans vote with Democrats, it’s a back room deal and we aren’t capitalism lied to by faggots in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 1 points 1 day ago It makes sense I guess, since he likes to pose as a libertarian. permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 26 points 1 day ago Privatize ATC and I don't think most people notice any ill effects of that permalink parent award report block reply lemonparty 10 points 1 day ago Don't even have to change the structure of the system at all, just fund it with a surcharge on plane tickets. Make the people that fly pay for it directly, and it's never a pawn during shutdowns. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago Isn't that in theory how it works today?  Maybe the FAA should do more self funding - the reality is that that landing fee goes to a congress slush fund. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 9 points 1 day ago They could easily be 100% contractor. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 22 points 1 day ago "Hello saar, your plane needs to descend to 30,000 feet saar, please do the needful" Yeah, no. permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 7 points 1 day ago Seriously. Some people here are best sticking to their expertise of running the till at the gas station. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 1 day ago Contractor doesn't mean Indian. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... JohnN -1 points 1 day ago Nah.  They're already out there and they do a very good job.  There's no reason they can't all be contractors. https://www.atctower.com/ permalink parent award report block reply blackswans 1 points 1 day ago Canada's system, it's sad to say, for paying ATC is superior. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 0 points 23 hours ago It would be far superior. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 25 points 1 day ago yeah are we somehow supposed to pretend that it was not trump rather than rand who betrayed his base with this decision? where are the russ voight layoffs? where is the balanced budget? where are the regular appropriations bills, why are we still extending Nancy pelosis budget? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 17 points 1 day ago So... How exactly do you say Trump betrayed his base when he's not a part of the legislative branch? permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 20 points 1 day ago he could have let it be known from day one that he will not sign another continuing resolution. force congress to do their jobs. or if he wanted to play nicely at first, now that the government was already closed, with any negatives already realized, ride it out until congress does their jobs and sends new appropriations bills and not a continuing resolution of bidens budget. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 1 day ago You make a great point. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago I see you are fucking retarded permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal -2 points 1 day ago "Force congress to do their jobs." What does this mean? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... TheThreeSeashells 8 points 1 day ago He's pushing for a continuation of the Potato Regime's spending bill and criticizing the one Senator who's actually standing up for him by saying it's time to move forward with President Trump's spending bills.  I don't remember hearing, during the rallies last year, anything that sounded like, "We're going to spend the first year of my administration working under the Potato regime's spending bills...and I'm going to support that and call out anyone in Congress who wants to move forward with MAGA under MY spending bills." permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You mean the senator that helped pass that budget? Retard. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... goatnuts 4 points 1 day ago He's deporting like a hundred people a week, making a big show of very little, he's not going to arrest anyone with regard to the overthrow of the US government or the child trafficking industry that the US intelligence agencies and many politicians are a part of, he's never tried to balance the budget, little work done stopping the fraudulent outflow of tax dollars to NGOs, he's not spearheading cleaning out the judiciary, he's not making headway fixing the elections before the midterms, basically all of the short term MAGA priorities that have to be accomplished to make any lasting changes are being ignored. But we get 50 year mortgages, more money to Ukraine and Israel, those bad bad air traffic controllers not working for free, and who the fuck is Epstein anyway? People are still talking about that? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 4 points 1 day ago Over 2 million have been deported and the border is shut. That alone is game changing. Comey and Mustach have been indicted by a grand jury. Adam Schiff is up next.  They're already trying to soften the news by leaking it early. Letitia James has been indicted. Many local and state officials have been arrested. Thousands of children found.  Record breaking arrests of traffickers. What you're saying doesn't track with reality. You also have this misconception that all of this is on Trump. Elections are ran by the states.  Until corruption at the state level is resolved, what do you expect Trump to do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Deport. You are a massive faggot. It’s obviously far more than that permalink parent award report block reply dr_gonzo 8 points 1 day ago Exactly. This is just a continuation of Obummer's new "budgetary" process of continuing resolution after continuing resolution with omnibus bill after omnibus bill funding the government. Since we made that switch in 2009 the national debt has gone from 7 trillion to 37 trillion. So it took 232 years to amass 7 trillion in debt, and 17 years to pile up the other 30 trillion. I have explained a billion times on here, spending is Trump's achilles heal. It's what is ultimately going to destroy his legacy because the severe repercussions are approaching fast. They're not decades away, they're a few years away when the interest payment on the national debt exceeds federal revenue. At that point, when it's definitely too late, suddenly governmental austerity will be the feeling of the day and the presidents of this century will all be remembered with hatred and vitriol, I promise you. Like every other politician, Rand knows those repercussions are approaching. He's just one of the only politicians willing to take a stand now, instead of when it's too fucking late. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago a failed artist with a distinct mustache provided the case study and play book for the way out after hyperinflation, which was universally heralded as an economic miracle at the time. but trump and our government is captured by the tribe who hides behind international finance and benefits from the inflation permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago The layoffs were halted by one of the 700 federal judges tasked with obstructing Trump.  IIRC, the case is still winding through the appeals process. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago court case is about doge layoffs... it is widely understood that a government shutdown provides broad authority to preform reductions in force permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Yes. Rand Paul is a traitor. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 8 points 1 day ago but how could Israel get more money if the government is shut down permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 1 day ago Israel funding is like Social Security. It's paid no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply load 9 more comments...
Saltyminer11 119 points 1 day ago Rand Paul: "hear me out" permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 69 points 1 day ago I with Rand on this one - I preferred the House Bill.  Now that we know what's in it .. What's in the Senate Version that is not good - what did the democracts get out of it?  It looks to me like a lot of programs got blank check continuous funding. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 35 points 1 day ago I can tell you what Democrats got out of it: A continuation of Potato's spending and kicking President Trump's down the road a little more.  At this rate, President Trump's term will be ending and we'll still be operating under the Potato Regime's spending bills.  Everyone criticizing Rand should wake up and realize he's correct to vote against it.  It's time we start working with President Trump's spending bills.  Rand is supporting that.  How exactly is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 4 points 1 day ago Rand is the type of idiot who won't move for a semi truck drifting into his lane. He'll take the hit and die because he's "right." He's why it doesn't matter if we get the nuclear option, we'll still lose. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... 46DindoNuffin 25 points 1 day ago The Democrats got exactly what they thought they would get out of it.  The media was controlled for over a month by getting the message OFF of crime in Blue cities and illegal aliens, which were losing messages for them. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago ☝handshake is correct, the $1.5T illegal healthcare was just icing on the cake. The ''Clean CR'' is already packed with $2.5-3T in pork! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... spezisacuckold 8 points 1 day ago what did the democracts get out of it More Harris/Pelosi/Brandon budget? permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 5 points 1 day ago Everyone trump fired during the shutdown is being reinstated permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 0111000001100101 2 points 1 day ago He makes a lot of silly votes but this one was excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 22 hours ago He doesn't cast a lot of "silly" votes.  It's only the anti-Rand morons that want you to believe he does.  Most of his votes are pro-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Middleagedpatriot 2 points 1 day ago They got a new angle and now I have to read about this "populist left" about how Trump is the worst and now my x feed is just a bunch of people fighting over 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 2 points 1 day ago Those 50 year mortages (or equivalent) have been popular in hawaii.  The Builders are in collusion with the lenders to only only sell houses to those that will get an interest only loan with all sorts of add on's and riders in the HOA. (i.e. effectivley a rental). permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... load 1 more comments... Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago I always thought he was a Libertarian but he is just a Contrarian for grift/votes. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 1 day ago The issue isn’t Rand Paul, but the fact that when parties make a deal they find handful to vote other way.  Which means if you see 4-10 republicans vote with Democrats, it’s a back room deal and we aren’t capitalism lied to by faggots in charge. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 1 points 1 day ago It makes sense I guess, since he likes to pose as a libertarian. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 69 points 1 day ago I with Rand on this one - I preferred the House Bill.  Now that we know what's in it .. What's in the Senate Version that is not good - what did the democracts get out of it?  It looks to me like a lot of programs got blank check continuous funding. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 35 points 1 day ago I can tell you what Democrats got out of it: A continuation of Potato's spending and kicking President Trump's down the road a little more.  At this rate, President Trump's term will be ending and we'll still be operating under the Potato Regime's spending bills.  Everyone criticizing Rand should wake up and realize he's correct to vote against it.  It's time we start working with President Trump's spending bills.  Rand is supporting that.  How exactly is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 4 points 1 day ago Rand is the type of idiot who won't move for a semi truck drifting into his lane. He'll take the hit and die because he's "right." He's why it doesn't matter if we get the nuclear option, we'll still lose. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... 46DindoNuffin 25 points 1 day ago The Democrats got exactly what they thought they would get out of it.  The media was controlled for over a month by getting the message OFF of crime in Blue cities and illegal aliens, which were losing messages for them. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago ☝handshake is correct, the $1.5T illegal healthcare was just icing on the cake. The ''Clean CR'' is already packed with $2.5-3T in pork! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... spezisacuckold 8 points 1 day ago what did the democracts get out of it More Harris/Pelosi/Brandon budget? permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 5 points 1 day ago Everyone trump fired during the shutdown is being reinstated permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 0111000001100101 2 points 1 day ago He makes a lot of silly votes but this one was excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 22 hours ago He doesn't cast a lot of "silly" votes.  It's only the anti-Rand morons that want you to believe he does.  Most of his votes are pro-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Middleagedpatriot 2 points 1 day ago They got a new angle and now I have to read about this "populist left" about how Trump is the worst and now my x feed is just a bunch of people fighting over 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 2 points 1 day ago Those 50 year mortages (or equivalent) have been popular in hawaii.  The Builders are in collusion with the lenders to only only sell houses to those that will get an interest only loan with all sorts of add on's and riders in the HOA. (i.e. effectivley a rental). permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... load 1 more comments...
TheThreeSeashells 35 points 1 day ago I can tell you what Democrats got out of it: A continuation of Potato's spending and kicking President Trump's down the road a little more.  At this rate, President Trump's term will be ending and we'll still be operating under the Potato Regime's spending bills.  Everyone criticizing Rand should wake up and realize he's correct to vote against it.  It's time we start working with President Trump's spending bills.  Rand is supporting that.  How exactly is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 4 points 1 day ago Rand is the type of idiot who won't move for a semi truck drifting into his lane. He'll take the hit and die because he's "right." He's why it doesn't matter if we get the nuclear option, we'll still lose. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
johnqpublic864 4 points 1 day ago Rand is the type of idiot who won't move for a semi truck drifting into his lane. He'll take the hit and die because he's "right." He's why it doesn't matter if we get the nuclear option, we'll still lose. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
46DindoNuffin 25 points 1 day ago The Democrats got exactly what they thought they would get out of it.  The media was controlled for over a month by getting the message OFF of crime in Blue cities and illegal aliens, which were losing messages for them. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago ☝handshake is correct, the $1.5T illegal healthcare was just icing on the cake. The ''Clean CR'' is already packed with $2.5-3T in pork! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago ☝handshake is correct, the $1.5T illegal healthcare was just icing on the cake. The ''Clean CR'' is already packed with $2.5-3T in pork! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
spezisacuckold 8 points 1 day ago what did the democracts get out of it More Harris/Pelosi/Brandon budget? permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 5 points 1 day ago Everyone trump fired during the shutdown is being reinstated permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
lul_cheto 5 points 1 day ago Everyone trump fired during the shutdown is being reinstated permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
0111000001100101 2 points 1 day ago He makes a lot of silly votes but this one was excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 22 hours ago He doesn't cast a lot of "silly" votes.  It's only the anti-Rand morons that want you to believe he does.  Most of his votes are pro-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 1 points 22 hours ago He doesn't cast a lot of "silly" votes.  It's only the anti-Rand morons that want you to believe he does.  Most of his votes are pro-MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
Middleagedpatriot 2 points 1 day ago They got a new angle and now I have to read about this "populist left" about how Trump is the worst and now my x feed is just a bunch of people fighting over 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 2 points 1 day ago Those 50 year mortages (or equivalent) have been popular in hawaii.  The Builders are in collusion with the lenders to only only sell houses to those that will get an interest only loan with all sorts of add on's and riders in the HOA. (i.e. effectivley a rental). permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
BruddahIz 2 points 1 day ago Those 50 year mortages (or equivalent) have been popular in hawaii.  The Builders are in collusion with the lenders to only only sell houses to those that will get an interest only loan with all sorts of add on's and riders in the HOA. (i.e. effectivley a rental). permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago I always thought he was a Libertarian but he is just a Contrarian for grift/votes. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 2 points 1 day ago The issue isn’t Rand Paul, but the fact that when parties make a deal they find handful to vote other way.  Which means if you see 4-10 republicans vote with Democrats, it’s a back room deal and we aren’t capitalism lied to by faggots in charge. permalink parent award report block reply
Tele_Plus 1 points 1 day ago It makes sense I guess, since he likes to pose as a libertarian. permalink parent award report block reply
Froynlavenfroynlaven 26 points 1 day ago Privatize ATC and I don't think most people notice any ill effects of that permalink parent award report block reply lemonparty 10 points 1 day ago Don't even have to change the structure of the system at all, just fund it with a surcharge on plane tickets. Make the people that fly pay for it directly, and it's never a pawn during shutdowns. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago Isn't that in theory how it works today?  Maybe the FAA should do more self funding - the reality is that that landing fee goes to a congress slush fund. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 9 points 1 day ago They could easily be 100% contractor. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 22 points 1 day ago "Hello saar, your plane needs to descend to 30,000 feet saar, please do the needful" Yeah, no. permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 7 points 1 day ago Seriously. Some people here are best sticking to their expertise of running the till at the gas station. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 1 day ago Contractor doesn't mean Indian. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... JohnN -1 points 1 day ago Nah.  They're already out there and they do a very good job.  There's no reason they can't all be contractors. https://www.atctower.com/ permalink parent award report block reply blackswans 1 points 1 day ago Canada's system, it's sad to say, for paying ATC is superior. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 0 points 23 hours ago It would be far superior. permalink parent award report block reply
lemonparty 10 points 1 day ago Don't even have to change the structure of the system at all, just fund it with a surcharge on plane tickets. Make the people that fly pay for it directly, and it's never a pawn during shutdowns. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago Isn't that in theory how it works today?  Maybe the FAA should do more self funding - the reality is that that landing fee goes to a congress slush fund. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago Isn't that in theory how it works today?  Maybe the FAA should do more self funding - the reality is that that landing fee goes to a congress slush fund. permalink parent award report block reply
JohnN 9 points 1 day ago They could easily be 100% contractor. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 22 points 1 day ago "Hello saar, your plane needs to descend to 30,000 feet saar, please do the needful" Yeah, no. permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 7 points 1 day ago Seriously. Some people here are best sticking to their expertise of running the till at the gas station. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 1 day ago Contractor doesn't mean Indian. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... JohnN -1 points 1 day ago Nah.  They're already out there and they do a very good job.  There's no reason they can't all be contractors. https://www.atctower.com/ permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 22 points 1 day ago "Hello saar, your plane needs to descend to 30,000 feet saar, please do the needful" Yeah, no. permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 7 points 1 day ago Seriously. Some people here are best sticking to their expertise of running the till at the gas station. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 1 day ago Contractor doesn't mean Indian. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... JohnN -1 points 1 day ago Nah.  They're already out there and they do a very good job.  There's no reason they can't all be contractors. https://www.atctower.com/ permalink parent award report block reply
VanDeKoik 7 points 1 day ago Seriously. Some people here are best sticking to their expertise of running the till at the gas station. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 1 day ago Contractor doesn't mean Indian. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
JohnN -1 points 1 day ago Nah.  They're already out there and they do a very good job.  There's no reason they can't all be contractors. https://www.atctower.com/ permalink parent award report block reply
blackswans 1 points 1 day ago Canada's system, it's sad to say, for paying ATC is superior. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 0 points 23 hours ago It would be far superior. permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 25 points 1 day ago yeah are we somehow supposed to pretend that it was not trump rather than rand who betrayed his base with this decision? where are the russ voight layoffs? where is the balanced budget? where are the regular appropriations bills, why are we still extending Nancy pelosis budget? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 17 points 1 day ago So... How exactly do you say Trump betrayed his base when he's not a part of the legislative branch? permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 20 points 1 day ago he could have let it be known from day one that he will not sign another continuing resolution. force congress to do their jobs. or if he wanted to play nicely at first, now that the government was already closed, with any negatives already realized, ride it out until congress does their jobs and sends new appropriations bills and not a continuing resolution of bidens budget. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 1 day ago You make a great point. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago I see you are fucking retarded permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal -2 points 1 day ago "Force congress to do their jobs." What does this mean? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... TheThreeSeashells 8 points 1 day ago He's pushing for a continuation of the Potato Regime's spending bill and criticizing the one Senator who's actually standing up for him by saying it's time to move forward with President Trump's spending bills.  I don't remember hearing, during the rallies last year, anything that sounded like, "We're going to spend the first year of my administration working under the Potato regime's spending bills...and I'm going to support that and call out anyone in Congress who wants to move forward with MAGA under MY spending bills." permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You mean the senator that helped pass that budget? Retard. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... goatnuts 4 points 1 day ago He's deporting like a hundred people a week, making a big show of very little, he's not going to arrest anyone with regard to the overthrow of the US government or the child trafficking industry that the US intelligence agencies and many politicians are a part of, he's never tried to balance the budget, little work done stopping the fraudulent outflow of tax dollars to NGOs, he's not spearheading cleaning out the judiciary, he's not making headway fixing the elections before the midterms, basically all of the short term MAGA priorities that have to be accomplished to make any lasting changes are being ignored. But we get 50 year mortgages, more money to Ukraine and Israel, those bad bad air traffic controllers not working for free, and who the fuck is Epstein anyway? People are still talking about that? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 4 points 1 day ago Over 2 million have been deported and the border is shut. That alone is game changing. Comey and Mustach have been indicted by a grand jury. Adam Schiff is up next.  They're already trying to soften the news by leaking it early. Letitia James has been indicted. Many local and state officials have been arrested. Thousands of children found.  Record breaking arrests of traffickers. What you're saying doesn't track with reality. You also have this misconception that all of this is on Trump. Elections are ran by the states.  Until corruption at the state level is resolved, what do you expect Trump to do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Deport. You are a massive faggot. It’s obviously far more than that permalink parent award report block reply dr_gonzo 8 points 1 day ago Exactly. This is just a continuation of Obummer's new "budgetary" process of continuing resolution after continuing resolution with omnibus bill after omnibus bill funding the government. Since we made that switch in 2009 the national debt has gone from 7 trillion to 37 trillion. So it took 232 years to amass 7 trillion in debt, and 17 years to pile up the other 30 trillion. I have explained a billion times on here, spending is Trump's achilles heal. It's what is ultimately going to destroy his legacy because the severe repercussions are approaching fast. They're not decades away, they're a few years away when the interest payment on the national debt exceeds federal revenue. At that point, when it's definitely too late, suddenly governmental austerity will be the feeling of the day and the presidents of this century will all be remembered with hatred and vitriol, I promise you. Like every other politician, Rand knows those repercussions are approaching. He's just one of the only politicians willing to take a stand now, instead of when it's too fucking late. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago a failed artist with a distinct mustache provided the case study and play book for the way out after hyperinflation, which was universally heralded as an economic miracle at the time. but trump and our government is captured by the tribe who hides behind international finance and benefits from the inflation permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago The layoffs were halted by one of the 700 federal judges tasked with obstructing Trump.  IIRC, the case is still winding through the appeals process. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago court case is about doge layoffs... it is widely understood that a government shutdown provides broad authority to preform reductions in force permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Yes. Rand Paul is a traitor. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 17 points 1 day ago So... How exactly do you say Trump betrayed his base when he's not a part of the legislative branch? permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 20 points 1 day ago he could have let it be known from day one that he will not sign another continuing resolution. force congress to do their jobs. or if he wanted to play nicely at first, now that the government was already closed, with any negatives already realized, ride it out until congress does their jobs and sends new appropriations bills and not a continuing resolution of bidens budget. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 1 day ago You make a great point. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago I see you are fucking retarded permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal -2 points 1 day ago "Force congress to do their jobs." What does this mean? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... TheThreeSeashells 8 points 1 day ago He's pushing for a continuation of the Potato Regime's spending bill and criticizing the one Senator who's actually standing up for him by saying it's time to move forward with President Trump's spending bills.  I don't remember hearing, during the rallies last year, anything that sounded like, "We're going to spend the first year of my administration working under the Potato regime's spending bills...and I'm going to support that and call out anyone in Congress who wants to move forward with MAGA under MY spending bills." permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You mean the senator that helped pass that budget? Retard. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... goatnuts 4 points 1 day ago He's deporting like a hundred people a week, making a big show of very little, he's not going to arrest anyone with regard to the overthrow of the US government or the child trafficking industry that the US intelligence agencies and many politicians are a part of, he's never tried to balance the budget, little work done stopping the fraudulent outflow of tax dollars to NGOs, he's not spearheading cleaning out the judiciary, he's not making headway fixing the elections before the midterms, basically all of the short term MAGA priorities that have to be accomplished to make any lasting changes are being ignored. But we get 50 year mortgages, more money to Ukraine and Israel, those bad bad air traffic controllers not working for free, and who the fuck is Epstein anyway? People are still talking about that? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 4 points 1 day ago Over 2 million have been deported and the border is shut. That alone is game changing. Comey and Mustach have been indicted by a grand jury. Adam Schiff is up next.  They're already trying to soften the news by leaking it early. Letitia James has been indicted. Many local and state officials have been arrested. Thousands of children found.  Record breaking arrests of traffickers. What you're saying doesn't track with reality. You also have this misconception that all of this is on Trump. Elections are ran by the states.  Until corruption at the state level is resolved, what do you expect Trump to do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Deport. You are a massive faggot. It’s obviously far more than that permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 20 points 1 day ago he could have let it be known from day one that he will not sign another continuing resolution. force congress to do their jobs. or if he wanted to play nicely at first, now that the government was already closed, with any negatives already realized, ride it out until congress does their jobs and sends new appropriations bills and not a continuing resolution of bidens budget. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 1 day ago You make a great point. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago I see you are fucking retarded permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal -2 points 1 day ago "Force congress to do their jobs." What does this mean? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
RiffFantastic 5 points 1 day ago You make a great point. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago I see you are fucking retarded permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal -2 points 1 day ago "Force congress to do their jobs." What does this mean? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
TheThreeSeashells 8 points 1 day ago He's pushing for a continuation of the Potato Regime's spending bill and criticizing the one Senator who's actually standing up for him by saying it's time to move forward with President Trump's spending bills.  I don't remember hearing, during the rallies last year, anything that sounded like, "We're going to spend the first year of my administration working under the Potato regime's spending bills...and I'm going to support that and call out anyone in Congress who wants to move forward with MAGA under MY spending bills." permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You mean the senator that helped pass that budget? Retard. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You mean the senator that helped pass that budget? Retard. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
goatnuts 4 points 1 day ago He's deporting like a hundred people a week, making a big show of very little, he's not going to arrest anyone with regard to the overthrow of the US government or the child trafficking industry that the US intelligence agencies and many politicians are a part of, he's never tried to balance the budget, little work done stopping the fraudulent outflow of tax dollars to NGOs, he's not spearheading cleaning out the judiciary, he's not making headway fixing the elections before the midterms, basically all of the short term MAGA priorities that have to be accomplished to make any lasting changes are being ignored. But we get 50 year mortgages, more money to Ukraine and Israel, those bad bad air traffic controllers not working for free, and who the fuck is Epstein anyway? People are still talking about that? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 4 points 1 day ago Over 2 million have been deported and the border is shut. That alone is game changing. Comey and Mustach have been indicted by a grand jury. Adam Schiff is up next.  They're already trying to soften the news by leaking it early. Letitia James has been indicted. Many local and state officials have been arrested. Thousands of children found.  Record breaking arrests of traffickers. What you're saying doesn't track with reality. You also have this misconception that all of this is on Trump. Elections are ran by the states.  Until corruption at the state level is resolved, what do you expect Trump to do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Deport. You are a massive faggot. It’s obviously far more than that permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 4 points 1 day ago Over 2 million have been deported and the border is shut. That alone is game changing. Comey and Mustach have been indicted by a grand jury. Adam Schiff is up next.  They're already trying to soften the news by leaking it early. Letitia James has been indicted. Many local and state officials have been arrested. Thousands of children found.  Record breaking arrests of traffickers. What you're saying doesn't track with reality. You also have this misconception that all of this is on Trump. Elections are ran by the states.  Until corruption at the state level is resolved, what do you expect Trump to do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Deport. You are a massive faggot. It’s obviously far more than that permalink parent award report block reply
dr_gonzo 8 points 1 day ago Exactly. This is just a continuation of Obummer's new "budgetary" process of continuing resolution after continuing resolution with omnibus bill after omnibus bill funding the government. Since we made that switch in 2009 the national debt has gone from 7 trillion to 37 trillion. So it took 232 years to amass 7 trillion in debt, and 17 years to pile up the other 30 trillion. I have explained a billion times on here, spending is Trump's achilles heal. It's what is ultimately going to destroy his legacy because the severe repercussions are approaching fast. They're not decades away, they're a few years away when the interest payment on the national debt exceeds federal revenue. At that point, when it's definitely too late, suddenly governmental austerity will be the feeling of the day and the presidents of this century will all be remembered with hatred and vitriol, I promise you. Like every other politician, Rand knows those repercussions are approaching. He's just one of the only politicians willing to take a stand now, instead of when it's too fucking late. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago a failed artist with a distinct mustache provided the case study and play book for the way out after hyperinflation, which was universally heralded as an economic miracle at the time. but trump and our government is captured by the tribe who hides behind international finance and benefits from the inflation permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago a failed artist with a distinct mustache provided the case study and play book for the way out after hyperinflation, which was universally heralded as an economic miracle at the time. but trump and our government is captured by the tribe who hides behind international finance and benefits from the inflation permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago The layoffs were halted by one of the 700 federal judges tasked with obstructing Trump.  IIRC, the case is still winding through the appeals process. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago court case is about doge layoffs... it is widely understood that a government shutdown provides broad authority to preform reductions in force permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 4 points 1 day ago court case is about doge layoffs... it is widely understood that a government shutdown provides broad authority to preform reductions in force permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago Yes. Rand Paul is a traitor. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 8 points 1 day ago but how could Israel get more money if the government is shut down permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 1 day ago Israel funding is like Social Security. It's paid no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply
MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 1 day ago Israel funding is like Social Security. It's paid no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 78 points 1 day ago Maybe the republicans should flip and now work to KEEP THE GOVERNMENT CLOSED... I am beginning to like the Gov shut down... permalink award report block reply Throwingway22 23 points 1 day ago There are certain things we need to get off of the Government Shutdown Paycycle, to be fair. They are only there to be the sad puppy hostages. Air Traffic Controllers, Military, ICE (eventually, though spared this time by the BBB). Let all entitlements stay on the cycle, though. We can shut those down permanently. permalink parent award report block reply Oback_Barama 17 points 1 day ago But without SNAP, Twanishia can’t afford to get her nails did! permalink parent award report block reply
Throwingway22 23 points 1 day ago There are certain things we need to get off of the Government Shutdown Paycycle, to be fair. They are only there to be the sad puppy hostages. Air Traffic Controllers, Military, ICE (eventually, though spared this time by the BBB). Let all entitlements stay on the cycle, though. We can shut those down permanently. permalink parent award report block reply
Oback_Barama 17 points 1 day ago But without SNAP, Twanishia can’t afford to get her nails did! permalink parent award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 60 points 1 day ago So we are supposed to dislike Paul for voting for what we wanted? A month ago, people here were singing the praises of the shut down.  Now they've flip flopped.  That is the mindset of a cult.  Whatever the cult tells you to believe, thats what you believe. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 20 points 1 day ago This is exhausting. You've boiled the voting down to "open or shut". I suggest digging in a little farther and finding out the reason behind the government shutting down and the reason it is now reopening. permalink parent award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 15 points 1 day ago Yup. As much as I would like it to stay closed, for one thing having the airports closed during Thanksgiving would be an absolute optics nightmare for Trump. Most people know it was a Dem shutdown, but many lemmings are and have been easily convinced it was somehow Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 1 day ago When the government runs based on optics you're not doing it right. permalink parent award report block reply theDialecticalPlaya 3 points 1 day ago There's a lot of clowns (i.e.libertarians) on this site who just function as Massiebots/Randbots. I wanted Trump to annihilate a large number of government jobs and for the Senate GOP to finally act like the opposition party and punch the Demtards in the mouth by nuking the filibuster and pushing through everything on the Trump agenda. I got neither, but while acknowledging that the government had to reopen and being worried the GOP would play their part in Shutdown Theater by caving to the left, the shitlibs incredibly got nothing except a vague promise to have a vote on giving $1.5 trillion to illegals. Trump won again, yet somehow Rand is a hero becsuse he wrote a book and is the lead actor in his never-ending Fauci grift. permalink parent award report block reply akai_ferret 2 points 1 day ago The democrats are getting what they want and Republicans are shown to be cucked faggots once again.
And you act like that's victory. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... LineInTheSand 0 points 1 day ago Why care what the lemmings think?  They aren't going to change how they vote.  Do what is best for America. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 8 points 1 day ago i'm well aware of the reasons for shutting it down. Nothing has changed from the beginning of the shut down except for people's minds. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So what were the reasons for the shutdown? If I recall it was mainly about ACA subsidies, which expire in 2025. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 1 day ago Republicans wanted a clean CR which basically just extends the current spending without adding new spending. Democrats wanted to continue ACA subsidy funding which expires in Dec. i think. Without the subsidies there will be public pressure to do something with the ACA.   Republicans want pressure applied to force changes in the ACA or get rid of it all together. Rand Paul wants budget cuts.  He has not waivered in his position on that.   He votes his principles, like them or not, and he doesnt play the political games.   That doesnt make him a bad person. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Illegal alien healthcare, idiot. And nothing changed. There was always going to be negotiations on this permalink parent award report block reply krakah293 1 points 23 hours ago Enlighten us. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 22 hours ago Pretty simple.  The dems wanted Healthcare for illegals i.e. ACA subsidies. They caved and didn't get it. The only thing they got was a promise of a vote. In politics this is huge that they caved. It was never about open or shut like the commenter I replied to said. It was about what the Dems wanted for illegals. permalink parent award report block reply FaRmErX2000 9 points 1 day ago the rules here state this is a never ending trump rally... and if you post anything critical, you are downvoted. its almost like being on r/politics but the moderators havent had sex changes permalink parent award report block reply intamin 2 points 22 hours ago The rules aren't enforced that much, anymore, lol. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago What will happen to this place in 2028? permalink parent award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 2 points 1 day ago We'll rally behind Jeb Bush permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 hours ago unironically there are people here would would be better served by president Nimrata permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago It's amazing how many times I've called out this hypocrisy during the shutdown and got attacked/downvoted for it.  Never once did anyone realize what they were doing.  This is complete NPC bullshit.  Not to mention, Rand is right.  He's arguing that it's time to move on to President Trump's budget and stop working under the Potato Regime's budget.  Also, he doesn't want to reinstate the foreign spending cuts by DOGE and undo the Recission bill, which is what a CR will do.  How is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago I saw this too. Whatever Trump wants, we want now. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Nobody wanted this faggot. If you think this is what people wanted you are either from India or retarded. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 1 points 15 hours ago You say nobody wanted him yet he won his election more than once.  Perhaps you should try not to exaggerate. permalink parent award report block reply load 13 more comments...
FatigueIsReal 20 points 1 day ago This is exhausting. You've boiled the voting down to "open or shut". I suggest digging in a little farther and finding out the reason behind the government shutting down and the reason it is now reopening. permalink parent award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 15 points 1 day ago Yup. As much as I would like it to stay closed, for one thing having the airports closed during Thanksgiving would be an absolute optics nightmare for Trump. Most people know it was a Dem shutdown, but many lemmings are and have been easily convinced it was somehow Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 1 day ago When the government runs based on optics you're not doing it right. permalink parent award report block reply theDialecticalPlaya 3 points 1 day ago There's a lot of clowns (i.e.libertarians) on this site who just function as Massiebots/Randbots. I wanted Trump to annihilate a large number of government jobs and for the Senate GOP to finally act like the opposition party and punch the Demtards in the mouth by nuking the filibuster and pushing through everything on the Trump agenda. I got neither, but while acknowledging that the government had to reopen and being worried the GOP would play their part in Shutdown Theater by caving to the left, the shitlibs incredibly got nothing except a vague promise to have a vote on giving $1.5 trillion to illegals. Trump won again, yet somehow Rand is a hero becsuse he wrote a book and is the lead actor in his never-ending Fauci grift. permalink parent award report block reply akai_ferret 2 points 1 day ago The democrats are getting what they want and Republicans are shown to be cucked faggots once again.
And you act like that's victory. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... LineInTheSand 0 points 1 day ago Why care what the lemmings think?  They aren't going to change how they vote.  Do what is best for America. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 8 points 1 day ago i'm well aware of the reasons for shutting it down. Nothing has changed from the beginning of the shut down except for people's minds. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So what were the reasons for the shutdown? If I recall it was mainly about ACA subsidies, which expire in 2025. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 1 day ago Republicans wanted a clean CR which basically just extends the current spending without adding new spending. Democrats wanted to continue ACA subsidy funding which expires in Dec. i think. Without the subsidies there will be public pressure to do something with the ACA.   Republicans want pressure applied to force changes in the ACA or get rid of it all together. Rand Paul wants budget cuts.  He has not waivered in his position on that.   He votes his principles, like them or not, and he doesnt play the political games.   That doesnt make him a bad person. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Illegal alien healthcare, idiot. And nothing changed. There was always going to be negotiations on this permalink parent award report block reply krakah293 1 points 23 hours ago Enlighten us. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 22 hours ago Pretty simple.  The dems wanted Healthcare for illegals i.e. ACA subsidies. They caved and didn't get it. The only thing they got was a promise of a vote. In politics this is huge that they caved. It was never about open or shut like the commenter I replied to said. It was about what the Dems wanted for illegals. permalink parent award report block reply
SteelBallRun1890 15 points 1 day ago Yup. As much as I would like it to stay closed, for one thing having the airports closed during Thanksgiving would be an absolute optics nightmare for Trump. Most people know it was a Dem shutdown, but many lemmings are and have been easily convinced it was somehow Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 1 day ago When the government runs based on optics you're not doing it right. permalink parent award report block reply theDialecticalPlaya 3 points 1 day ago There's a lot of clowns (i.e.libertarians) on this site who just function as Massiebots/Randbots. I wanted Trump to annihilate a large number of government jobs and for the Senate GOP to finally act like the opposition party and punch the Demtards in the mouth by nuking the filibuster and pushing through everything on the Trump agenda. I got neither, but while acknowledging that the government had to reopen and being worried the GOP would play their part in Shutdown Theater by caving to the left, the shitlibs incredibly got nothing except a vague promise to have a vote on giving $1.5 trillion to illegals. Trump won again, yet somehow Rand is a hero becsuse he wrote a book and is the lead actor in his never-ending Fauci grift. permalink parent award report block reply akai_ferret 2 points 1 day ago The democrats are getting what they want and Republicans are shown to be cucked faggots once again.
And you act like that's victory. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... LineInTheSand 0 points 1 day ago Why care what the lemmings think?  They aren't going to change how they vote.  Do what is best for America. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 3 points 1 day ago When the government runs based on optics you're not doing it right. permalink parent award report block reply
theDialecticalPlaya 3 points 1 day ago There's a lot of clowns (i.e.libertarians) on this site who just function as Massiebots/Randbots. I wanted Trump to annihilate a large number of government jobs and for the Senate GOP to finally act like the opposition party and punch the Demtards in the mouth by nuking the filibuster and pushing through everything on the Trump agenda. I got neither, but while acknowledging that the government had to reopen and being worried the GOP would play their part in Shutdown Theater by caving to the left, the shitlibs incredibly got nothing except a vague promise to have a vote on giving $1.5 trillion to illegals. Trump won again, yet somehow Rand is a hero becsuse he wrote a book and is the lead actor in his never-ending Fauci grift. permalink parent award report block reply akai_ferret 2 points 1 day ago The democrats are getting what they want and Republicans are shown to be cucked faggots once again.
And you act like that's victory. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
akai_ferret 2 points 1 day ago The democrats are getting what they want and Republicans are shown to be cucked faggots once again.
And you act like that's victory. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LineInTheSand 0 points 1 day ago Why care what the lemmings think?  They aren't going to change how they vote.  Do what is best for America. permalink parent award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 8 points 1 day ago i'm well aware of the reasons for shutting it down. Nothing has changed from the beginning of the shut down except for people's minds. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So what were the reasons for the shutdown? If I recall it was mainly about ACA subsidies, which expire in 2025. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 1 day ago Republicans wanted a clean CR which basically just extends the current spending without adding new spending. Democrats wanted to continue ACA subsidy funding which expires in Dec. i think. Without the subsidies there will be public pressure to do something with the ACA.   Republicans want pressure applied to force changes in the ACA or get rid of it all together. Rand Paul wants budget cuts.  He has not waivered in his position on that.   He votes his principles, like them or not, and he doesnt play the political games.   That doesnt make him a bad person. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Illegal alien healthcare, idiot. And nothing changed. There was always going to be negotiations on this permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So what were the reasons for the shutdown? If I recall it was mainly about ACA subsidies, which expire in 2025. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 1 day ago Republicans wanted a clean CR which basically just extends the current spending without adding new spending. Democrats wanted to continue ACA subsidy funding which expires in Dec. i think. Without the subsidies there will be public pressure to do something with the ACA.   Republicans want pressure applied to force changes in the ACA or get rid of it all together. Rand Paul wants budget cuts.  He has not waivered in his position on that.   He votes his principles, like them or not, and he doesnt play the political games.   That doesnt make him a bad person. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Illegal alien healthcare, idiot. And nothing changed. There was always going to be negotiations on this permalink parent award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 9 points 1 day ago Republicans wanted a clean CR which basically just extends the current spending without adding new spending. Democrats wanted to continue ACA subsidy funding which expires in Dec. i think. Without the subsidies there will be public pressure to do something with the ACA.   Republicans want pressure applied to force changes in the ACA or get rid of it all together. Rand Paul wants budget cuts.  He has not waivered in his position on that.   He votes his principles, like them or not, and he doesnt play the political games.   That doesnt make him a bad person. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Illegal alien healthcare, idiot. And nothing changed. There was always going to be negotiations on this permalink parent award report block reply
krakah293 1 points 23 hours ago Enlighten us. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 22 hours ago Pretty simple.  The dems wanted Healthcare for illegals i.e. ACA subsidies. They caved and didn't get it. The only thing they got was a promise of a vote. In politics this is huge that they caved. It was never about open or shut like the commenter I replied to said. It was about what the Dems wanted for illegals. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 2 points 22 hours ago Pretty simple.  The dems wanted Healthcare for illegals i.e. ACA subsidies. They caved and didn't get it. The only thing they got was a promise of a vote. In politics this is huge that they caved. It was never about open or shut like the commenter I replied to said. It was about what the Dems wanted for illegals. permalink parent award report block reply
FaRmErX2000 9 points 1 day ago the rules here state this is a never ending trump rally... and if you post anything critical, you are downvoted. its almost like being on r/politics but the moderators havent had sex changes permalink parent award report block reply intamin 2 points 22 hours ago The rules aren't enforced that much, anymore, lol. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago What will happen to this place in 2028? permalink parent award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 2 points 1 day ago We'll rally behind Jeb Bush permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 hours ago unironically there are people here would would be better served by president Nimrata permalink parent award report block reply
intamin 2 points 22 hours ago The rules aren't enforced that much, anymore, lol. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 2 points 1 day ago What will happen to this place in 2028? permalink parent award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 2 points 1 day ago We'll rally behind Jeb Bush permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 hours ago unironically there are people here would would be better served by president Nimrata permalink parent award report block reply
JesusTheOnlyWay 2 points 1 day ago We'll rally behind Jeb Bush permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 hours ago unironically there are people here would would be better served by president Nimrata permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 2 points 21 hours ago unironically there are people here would would be better served by president Nimrata permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago It's amazing how many times I've called out this hypocrisy during the shutdown and got attacked/downvoted for it.  Never once did anyone realize what they were doing.  This is complete NPC bullshit.  Not to mention, Rand is right.  He's arguing that it's time to move on to President Trump's budget and stop working under the Potato Regime's budget.  Also, he doesn't want to reinstate the foreign spending cuts by DOGE and undo the Recission bill, which is what a CR will do.  How is that anti-MAGA? permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 2 points 1 day ago I saw this too. Whatever Trump wants, we want now. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Nobody wanted this faggot. If you think this is what people wanted you are either from India or retarded. permalink parent award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 1 points 15 hours ago You say nobody wanted him yet he won his election more than once.  Perhaps you should try not to exaggerate. permalink parent award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 1 points 15 hours ago You say nobody wanted him yet he won his election more than once.  Perhaps you should try not to exaggerate. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 47 points 1 day ago Well I don't really want to open it again either... permalink award report block reply
Kpak76 32 points 1 day ago Lets be honest.  Most of us do not want to government reopened. permalink award report block reply Emanresu99 1 points 9 hours ago I'm not even sure I want any federal government anymore. Just an army for the border, to turn anyone around. permalink parent award report block reply
Emanresu99 1 points 9 hours ago I'm not even sure I want any federal government anymore. Just an army for the border, to turn anyone around. permalink parent award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 22 points 1 day ago He's trying to prevent some bans on hemp (which is a very beneficial non-drug plant) it sounds like May have other reasons idk https://xcancel.com/SenRandPaul it sounds like banning a drug loophole is a pretext, Rand tweeted: The hemp provision in this appropriations package wipes out nearly 100% of legal hemp products overnight: killing jobs, crushing farmers, and overriding 23 state laws that already regulate hemp responsibly. Our farmers have turned to hemp as a lifeline when fertilizer, fuel, and equipment costs skyrocketed and crop prices fell. Instead of working with us to crack down on bad actors and synthetic cannabinoids, some in Congress chose prohibition. Kentucky jobs are not collateral. Our farmers are not bargaining chips. permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 16 points 1 day ago How the fuck is this shit in the bill? It would be like a gun ban or digital ID thrown in there. There really is nobody left to vote for. Screaming lefty troons vs 1984 GOP. Talk about a rock and a hard place. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago It’s not. It’s a separate issue they were going to vote on later. He is just being a never trump faggot that only cares about single issue bills when they don’t give him an opportunity to sabotage Trump permalink parent award report block reply ismellhippies 5 points 1 day ago I'm all for the shutdown, the longer the government is shutdown the more it proves we don't need them.  So far my only issues with shutdowns are not paying the military and air traffic control. I generally like Rand's stances on most issues.  He's very fiscally conservative, and generally very pro liberty.  He does have some bad takes, but who doesn't.  And he's very milquetoast, I don't think he has the right temperament to be president especially when it comes to foreign policy. The issue here is the process.  There are no single issue votes, and Rand tends to dig his heels in and vote "No" over a single provision quite often.  And he tends to stick to his ideals and not accept that sometimes "passing x is better than the alternative even if it's not what you want". Every bill should have a narrow focus, it should only cover a single issue, or a group of related issues.  It should be clear what our representatives support and don't support, and it's harder to support pork spending when it's standing on it's own vs when it's combined with what's an otherwise a good bill. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago His principles are important. My question is whether he is supporting what his constituents want or what he wants. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He has no principles. He is a tds faggot permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -1 points 1 day ago Between unfair tariffs and illegal drug smugglers, he supports where his money comes from. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood -3 points 1 day ago He's working for the CCP. Hence why he's trying his best to strip Trump of the ability to levy Tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply Robert 2 points 23 hours ago Ah yes, banning synthetic weed and hamstringing the entire hemp industry when real weed is legal in half of the states, is habit-forming but not addictive (if you quit smoking, after 2 weeks you literally don't even care about it, and you'll go back to finding the smell irritating and not enjoyable), doesn't cause overdoses, and the synthetic "weed" doesn't even get you stoned. Kind of like trying to ban vapes when they're just as effective (if not more) as nicotine gum at getting people to quit cigarettes. Truly one of the decisions made in our time. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Show be where that is in the cr. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 16 hours ago if you find it, let me know in a quick search I think I found the original bill before the shutdown and if you do a ctrl+f for "hemp" some hits come up that you can read (which I'm assuming must be in the CR if this bill isn't the CR): https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/house-bill/5371/text permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -5 points 1 day ago You potheads love your hemp too. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
CocaineNewsome 16 points 1 day ago How the fuck is this shit in the bill? It would be like a gun ban or digital ID thrown in there. There really is nobody left to vote for. Screaming lefty troons vs 1984 GOP. Talk about a rock and a hard place. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago It’s not. It’s a separate issue they were going to vote on later. He is just being a never trump faggot that only cares about single issue bills when they don’t give him an opportunity to sabotage Trump permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago It’s not. It’s a separate issue they were going to vote on later. He is just being a never trump faggot that only cares about single issue bills when they don’t give him an opportunity to sabotage Trump permalink parent award report block reply
ismellhippies 5 points 1 day ago I'm all for the shutdown, the longer the government is shutdown the more it proves we don't need them.  So far my only issues with shutdowns are not paying the military and air traffic control. I generally like Rand's stances on most issues.  He's very fiscally conservative, and generally very pro liberty.  He does have some bad takes, but who doesn't.  And he's very milquetoast, I don't think he has the right temperament to be president especially when it comes to foreign policy. The issue here is the process.  There are no single issue votes, and Rand tends to dig his heels in and vote "No" over a single provision quite often.  And he tends to stick to his ideals and not accept that sometimes "passing x is better than the alternative even if it's not what you want". Every bill should have a narrow focus, it should only cover a single issue, or a group of related issues.  It should be clear what our representatives support and don't support, and it's harder to support pork spending when it's standing on it's own vs when it's combined with what's an otherwise a good bill. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago His principles are important. My question is whether he is supporting what his constituents want or what he wants. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He has no principles. He is a tds faggot permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -1 points 1 day ago Between unfair tariffs and illegal drug smugglers, he supports where his money comes from. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood -3 points 1 day ago He's working for the CCP. Hence why he's trying his best to strip Trump of the ability to levy Tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago His principles are important. My question is whether he is supporting what his constituents want or what he wants. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He has no principles. He is a tds faggot permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -1 points 1 day ago Between unfair tariffs and illegal drug smugglers, he supports where his money comes from. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood -3 points 1 day ago He's working for the CCP. Hence why he's trying his best to strip Trump of the ability to levy Tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He has no principles. He is a tds faggot permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 -1 points 1 day ago Between unfair tariffs and illegal drug smugglers, he supports where his money comes from. permalink parent award report block reply
asiandood -3 points 1 day ago He's working for the CCP. Hence why he's trying his best to strip Trump of the ability to levy Tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
Robert 2 points 23 hours ago Ah yes, banning synthetic weed and hamstringing the entire hemp industry when real weed is legal in half of the states, is habit-forming but not addictive (if you quit smoking, after 2 weeks you literally don't even care about it, and you'll go back to finding the smell irritating and not enjoyable), doesn't cause overdoses, and the synthetic "weed" doesn't even get you stoned. Kind of like trying to ban vapes when they're just as effective (if not more) as nicotine gum at getting people to quit cigarettes. Truly one of the decisions made in our time. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Show be where that is in the cr. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 16 hours ago if you find it, let me know in a quick search I think I found the original bill before the shutdown and if you do a ctrl+f for "hemp" some hits come up that you can read (which I'm assuming must be in the CR if this bill isn't the CR): https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/house-bill/5371/text permalink parent award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 1 points 16 hours ago if you find it, let me know in a quick search I think I found the original bill before the shutdown and if you do a ctrl+f for "hemp" some hits come up that you can read (which I'm assuming must be in the CR if this bill isn't the CR): https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/house-bill/5371/text permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 -5 points 1 day ago You potheads love your hemp too. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 17 points 1 day ago I mean...pretty much fuck all these people. Other than a strong quote here or there, none are acting to MAGA. permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 14 points 1 day ago Remember when we wanted the government to shut down, and hoped that it’d go on forever? Pepperidge Farm, and apparently Rand Paul, remembers. permalink award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 0 points 1 day ago I guess people love working 5 months per year for free so LaQuandisha can afford doritos and hair extensions permalink parent award report block reply
JesusTheOnlyWay 0 points 1 day ago I guess people love working 5 months per year for free so LaQuandisha can afford doritos and hair extensions permalink parent award report block reply
Mkultra2000 11 points 1 day ago The entire idea that Tarrifs do not work and cause inflation and chaos is entirely a made up European concept and makes the Meises school of economics just an Intel op he and his dad (God Bless him) bought into. I did too until Trump showed me it ain’t true and it’s just been a trick to manipulate US policy for trade with Europe where they tariff the fuck out of us. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Literally hallucinating. Literally every single economist agrees when the idiots at the Fed that the tariffs have resulted in no inflationary pressure permalink parent award report block reply TrumpDupedMAGA -1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago Literally hallucinating. Literally every single economist agrees when the idiots at the Fed that the tariffs have resulted in no inflationary pressure permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpDupedMAGA -1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
f_bastiat 10 points 1 day ago Should have kept it closed. permalink award report block reply
FaRmErX2000 10 points 1 day ago the republicans are moving left and rand paul isnt a leftist so he gets negative press permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 5 points 1 day ago That's an accurate interpretation. Most of the people criticizing Paul haven't even bothered to listen to or understand why he's voting "no" on this and are actually admitting it.  They've just been brainwashed into thinking they're supposed to hate Rand.  There's a bunch of them in this thread, but they're all over this site all the time. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 0 points 1 day ago He’s only voting no because he’s “principled.” permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, you are one of the people I described who never bothered to listen to his explanation.  The tl;dr is he wants to stop continuing the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget.  There's no reason that, a year into President Trump's term, we should still be operating under the previous regime's spending bills.  If President Trump was saying this, everyone would be cheering it on. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 -1 points 1 day ago Sometimes you have to take as good of a win as you can. The government staying closed more than 2-3 months would absolutely start riots and that is something the President DOES NOT NEED. We need to move the agenda through at lightning speed and Bland Paul gumming up the works isn’t helping at all. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... djentropyhardcore 0 points 23 hours ago I hate Rand because he's fake as shit, and gives libertarians a bad name.  His father was even worse.  Not a single one of these Paul family retards has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells -1 points 22 hours ago has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education They're not dictators.  Not to mention Rand outlined a plan to fix healthcare that could have eventually led to the destruction of Obamacare.  That would definitely be chalked up in the "shrinking government" column.  It's not his fault President Trump completely ignored it in favor of his plan to...well...do nothing. permalink parent award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 21 hours ago Government has no place in the healthcare industry.  There's absolutely nothing Rand could do to "fix healthcare" except to remove the government completely from it. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... covok48 -3 points 1 day ago He loves tariffs against us and drug smuggling. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago I disagree with his position on the tariffs.  He has a strong argument regarding the pro-active attacks against drug boats, although I disagree with him there.  (This is ignoring the fact that pro-active attacks on drug boats and "loving drug smuggling" are two completely separate things. Rand hardly supports "drug smuggling."  Not by a longshot.) I'm capable of independent thought and realize disagreeing with someone on two issues doesn't mean they need to be replaced.  Likely by someone who's going to disagree with us on a LOT more issues.  I disagree with President Trump on some issues, too.  Does that mean he needs to go, too?  You see how that logic works? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 0 points 21 hours ago Sit down. NPC detected permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He is literally funded by radical Muslims and democrat terrorists just like his buddy Massie. He is far more left than Trump based on his voting record permalink parent award report block reply FaRmErX2000 1 points 10 hours ago That’s the stupidest thing I have ever read permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 5 points 1 day ago That's an accurate interpretation. Most of the people criticizing Paul haven't even bothered to listen to or understand why he's voting "no" on this and are actually admitting it.  They've just been brainwashed into thinking they're supposed to hate Rand.  There's a bunch of them in this thread, but they're all over this site all the time. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 0 points 1 day ago He’s only voting no because he’s “principled.” permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, you are one of the people I described who never bothered to listen to his explanation.  The tl;dr is he wants to stop continuing the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget.  There's no reason that, a year into President Trump's term, we should still be operating under the previous regime's spending bills.  If President Trump was saying this, everyone would be cheering it on. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 -1 points 1 day ago Sometimes you have to take as good of a win as you can. The government staying closed more than 2-3 months would absolutely start riots and that is something the President DOES NOT NEED. We need to move the agenda through at lightning speed and Bland Paul gumming up the works isn’t helping at all. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... djentropyhardcore 0 points 23 hours ago I hate Rand because he's fake as shit, and gives libertarians a bad name.  His father was even worse.  Not a single one of these Paul family retards has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells -1 points 22 hours ago has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education They're not dictators.  Not to mention Rand outlined a plan to fix healthcare that could have eventually led to the destruction of Obamacare.  That would definitely be chalked up in the "shrinking government" column.  It's not his fault President Trump completely ignored it in favor of his plan to...well...do nothing. permalink parent award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 21 hours ago Government has no place in the healthcare industry.  There's absolutely nothing Rand could do to "fix healthcare" except to remove the government completely from it. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... covok48 -3 points 1 day ago He loves tariffs against us and drug smuggling. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago I disagree with his position on the tariffs.  He has a strong argument regarding the pro-active attacks against drug boats, although I disagree with him there.  (This is ignoring the fact that pro-active attacks on drug boats and "loving drug smuggling" are two completely separate things. Rand hardly supports "drug smuggling."  Not by a longshot.) I'm capable of independent thought and realize disagreeing with someone on two issues doesn't mean they need to be replaced.  Likely by someone who's going to disagree with us on a LOT more issues.  I disagree with President Trump on some issues, too.  Does that mean he needs to go, too?  You see how that logic works? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 0 points 21 hours ago Sit down. NPC detected permalink parent award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 0 points 1 day ago He’s only voting no because he’s “principled.” permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, you are one of the people I described who never bothered to listen to his explanation.  The tl;dr is he wants to stop continuing the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget.  There's no reason that, a year into President Trump's term, we should still be operating under the previous regime's spending bills.  If President Trump was saying this, everyone would be cheering it on. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 -1 points 1 day ago Sometimes you have to take as good of a win as you can. The government staying closed more than 2-3 months would absolutely start riots and that is something the President DOES NOT NEED. We need to move the agenda through at lightning speed and Bland Paul gumming up the works isn’t helping at all. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, you are one of the people I described who never bothered to listen to his explanation.  The tl;dr is he wants to stop continuing the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget.  There's no reason that, a year into President Trump's term, we should still be operating under the previous regime's spending bills.  If President Trump was saying this, everyone would be cheering it on. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 -1 points 1 day ago Sometimes you have to take as good of a win as you can. The government staying closed more than 2-3 months would absolutely start riots and that is something the President DOES NOT NEED. We need to move the agenda through at lightning speed and Bland Paul gumming up the works isn’t helping at all. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
jiminycricket1941 -1 points 1 day ago Sometimes you have to take as good of a win as you can. The government staying closed more than 2-3 months would absolutely start riots and that is something the President DOES NOT NEED. We need to move the agenda through at lightning speed and Bland Paul gumming up the works isn’t helping at all. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
djentropyhardcore 0 points 23 hours ago I hate Rand because he's fake as shit, and gives libertarians a bad name.  His father was even worse.  Not a single one of these Paul family retards has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells -1 points 22 hours ago has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education They're not dictators.  Not to mention Rand outlined a plan to fix healthcare that could have eventually led to the destruction of Obamacare.  That would definitely be chalked up in the "shrinking government" column.  It's not his fault President Trump completely ignored it in favor of his plan to...well...do nothing. permalink parent award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 21 hours ago Government has no place in the healthcare industry.  There's absolutely nothing Rand could do to "fix healthcare" except to remove the government completely from it. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TheThreeSeashells -1 points 22 hours ago has attempted to do anything to shrink government or to privatize education They're not dictators.  Not to mention Rand outlined a plan to fix healthcare that could have eventually led to the destruction of Obamacare.  That would definitely be chalked up in the "shrinking government" column.  It's not his fault President Trump completely ignored it in favor of his plan to...well...do nothing. permalink parent award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 21 hours ago Government has no place in the healthcare industry.  There's absolutely nothing Rand could do to "fix healthcare" except to remove the government completely from it. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
djentropyhardcore 1 points 21 hours ago Government has no place in the healthcare industry.  There's absolutely nothing Rand could do to "fix healthcare" except to remove the government completely from it. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
covok48 -3 points 1 day ago He loves tariffs against us and drug smuggling. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago I disagree with his position on the tariffs.  He has a strong argument regarding the pro-active attacks against drug boats, although I disagree with him there.  (This is ignoring the fact that pro-active attacks on drug boats and "loving drug smuggling" are two completely separate things. Rand hardly supports "drug smuggling."  Not by a longshot.) I'm capable of independent thought and realize disagreeing with someone on two issues doesn't mean they need to be replaced.  Likely by someone who's going to disagree with us on a LOT more issues.  I disagree with President Trump on some issues, too.  Does that mean he needs to go, too?  You see how that logic works? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 0 points 21 hours ago Sit down. NPC detected permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 4 points 1 day ago I disagree with his position on the tariffs.  He has a strong argument regarding the pro-active attacks against drug boats, although I disagree with him there.  (This is ignoring the fact that pro-active attacks on drug boats and "loving drug smuggling" are two completely separate things. Rand hardly supports "drug smuggling."  Not by a longshot.) I'm capable of independent thought and realize disagreeing with someone on two issues doesn't mean they need to be replaced.  Likely by someone who's going to disagree with us on a LOT more issues.  I disagree with President Trump on some issues, too.  Does that mean he needs to go, too?  You see how that logic works? permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 0 points 21 hours ago Sit down. NPC detected permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He is literally funded by radical Muslims and democrat terrorists just like his buddy Massie. He is far more left than Trump based on his voting record permalink parent award report block reply FaRmErX2000 1 points 10 hours ago That’s the stupidest thing I have ever read permalink parent award report block reply
FaRmErX2000 1 points 10 hours ago That’s the stupidest thing I have ever read permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 8 points 1 day ago The Lurch caucus pulls through for America. permalink award report block reply BaldyGull 12 points 1 day ago Uncle Festerman permalink parent award report block reply
BaldyGull 12 points 1 day ago Uncle Festerman permalink parent award report block reply
fullpotato1776 6 points 1 day ago Rand Paul is the only one who understands spending money we don't have isn't a good idea. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He is an idiot that votes with democrats always permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago He is an idiot that votes with democrats always permalink parent award report block reply
559throw 5 points 1 day ago He's usually on the correct side of these fucking bullshit bills because there is ALWAYS bullshit we don't want that we're forced to get. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You apparently don’t know how he votes permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago You apparently don’t know how he votes permalink parent award report block reply
DelightfulDane 4 points 1 day ago Need a few color changes on there. Let's be honest, half of the red are really blue and many of those blue should be black permalink award report block reply
Braineack 4 points 1 day ago Oh, NOW we want the government open? permalink award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 4 points 1 day ago Rand Paul is such a fag. I used to think that guy should be president. Principles mean nothing if you’re not in power. permalink award report block reply
Sunnybats2 3 points 1 day ago He votes against EVERY big spending measure permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago No, he votes with democrats when they want to spend money and against trump doing anything that could be useful permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 0 points 16 hours ago No, he votes with democrats when they want to spend money and against trump doing anything that could be useful permalink parent award report block reply
NoSteppyonmyPepe 3 points 23 hours ago Rand Paul, cuck supreme. permalink award report block reply
grassshrimp 3 points 1 day ago Democrats demanded 1.5 trillion dollars to keep the Government open, and Rand is voting for them. And most of the posts in this thread are "supposedly MAGA" pretenders defending Rand and the Democrats by extension This place is fucked.  Completely. permalink award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton OP -1 points 1 day ago It really is. Haven’t posted in a while because of it. Guess things haven’t changed. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 0 points 1 day ago Until you created the OP. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton OP 1 points 1 day ago What permalink parent award report block reply
HiimHillaryClinton OP -1 points 1 day ago It really is. Haven’t posted in a while because of it. Guess things haven’t changed. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 0 points 1 day ago Until you created the OP. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton OP 1 points 1 day ago What permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 0 points 1 day ago Until you created the OP. Sit down. permalink parent award report block reply HiimHillaryClinton OP 1 points 1 day ago What permalink parent award report block reply
HiimHillaryClinton OP 1 points 1 day ago What permalink parent award report block reply
Bullwinkle 3 points 1 day ago My skank senators voted to starve poor people. permalink award report block reply
MagaChamp253 3 points 1 day ago I'm ok with it - let it all stay shuttered and shut down - forever. permalink award report block reply
highenergywinning 2 points 1 day ago Burn it all down permalink award report block reply
Spawnlingman 2 points 1 day ago Did anyone with a normal life and job even realize or see effects of the government being gone for almost 40 days?   They had to end this before it went too long before that became a topic. permalink award report block reply
friedchicken 2 points 1 day ago RAND PAUL BABY LET'S GO :DDDDDD permalink award report block reply
Vinnie 2 points 1 day ago Why is Bernie yellow? permalink award report block reply Yaemz123 2 points 1 day ago He's elected as an Independent. permalink parent award report block reply Crapachino 2 points 1 day ago Wink wink permalink parent award report block reply
Yaemz123 2 points 1 day ago He's elected as an Independent. permalink parent award report block reply Crapachino 2 points 1 day ago Wink wink permalink parent award report block reply
Crapachino 2 points 1 day ago Wink wink permalink parent award report block reply
LogicalReasoning 2 points 1 day ago Need a montage of all the politicians talking about how the shutdown is leverage, and how they don't care about people, and then show all those who constantly voted against reopening. The ads write themselves. permalink award report block reply
referencevariable 2 points 1 day ago No more money printing. Keep it shut down. permalink award report block reply
akai_ferret 1 points 1 day ago I mean, I would vote to shut down the government ... PERMANENTLY. permalink award report block reply
Maskurbator 1 points 1 day ago What's the point of this? This place is so skitso. Do we want the gov shut down or not? We should. Because we haven't been successful in shrinking it, so this is the option the left has provided. That said, it's the left stomping their feet to shut it down. Aside from military and a few other things who the fuck cares? If the federal government shut down permanently we'd be better off. permalink award report block reply Crapachino -1 points 1 day ago Trump hasn't been unsuccessful, he has been unwilling to drain the swamp. Elon was your only chance! permalink parent award report block reply
Crapachino -1 points 1 day ago Trump hasn't been unsuccessful, he has been unwilling to drain the swamp. Elon was your only chance! permalink parent award report block reply
neveser 1 points 18 hours ago I stand with Rand. permalink award report block reply
bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago Keep it shut down. Seriously. Is you life any worse today that it was 39 days ago? No. permalink award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic 1 points 1 day ago kinda like the vote to abolish slavery and pass the civil rights act. permalink award report block reply
jeffwalker1776 1 points 1 day ago At least Rand Paul has principles. People will hate, but think about it: he was actually trying to fight for his constituents with the hemp amendment, unlike 99.9999999% of politicians permalink award report block reply covok48 2 points 1 day ago Principals of kickbacks from the drug trade, sure. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 2 points 1 day ago Principals of kickbacks from the drug trade, sure. permalink parent award report block reply
LesboPregnancyScare 1 points 18 hours ago Rand Paul is the only wise one, the only one who wants what the rest of us really want permalink award report block reply
TheArchAngel 1 points 1 day ago as long as they took my tax dollars, I don't consider it a shutdown. permalink award report block reply
pugsan 1 points 19 hours ago Rand Paul is controlled opposition, obviously. Says what most like to hear, but does as told by the cabal. permalink award report block reply
captainmundane 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, I don't want it open until it is properly gutted. permalink award report block reply
HoganP 1 points 1 day ago Stinchfield started his segment about Rand Paul last night by saying "His good ideas are really good, his bad ideas are really bad." I laughed. permalink award report block reply
Rob55 1 points 22 hours ago I’m with the Dems and Rand Paul. Keep it shutdown permalink award report block reply
nonrate 1 points 1 day ago I don't blame Rand, he opposed because there were probably still  non-essential expenditures in it or some other reason that made it a bad idea. He may be the most adult member in the room. permalink award report block reply
joesfbi 1 points 1 day ago Funny how they have enough votes after filibuster talking points were getting more steam. Such waste of spaces. permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 1 points 1 day ago I can't fault him entirely. Take not though, this is entirely orchestrated. The people that voted to open it aren't up for reelection, and now the left wants Schumer's head for caving. Democrats accomplished nothing permalink award report block reply
Snooptwo 1 points 24 hours ago So Rand is the only Republican that knows the government is completely unnecessary. permalink award report block reply
Right0hio 1 points 1 day ago Ah, the Libertarian contrarian. permalink award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 1 points 19 hours ago In defense of Rand the last 40 days were amazing in the fact people didn't freak out, except media. Also most American's realized these people didn't actually do anything until it was apparent a lot of shit was going to shut down due to ridiculous reasons. 1. A portion of 12% of the population threatened to riot over their $1000 this month for 3 carts of groceries being denied. 2. Why the fuck can I not get on a plane due to the govt monopolizing the airspace authority? If the airspace authority is legit then militarize and create a liaison branch between the two with pay attached to duty free treasury bonds exchangeable at any bank/commercial establishment. If this approach was more inline these budget pissing contests would also raise more Americans to the reality of taxes for the almighty D.C. Elite to do with it what they want. permalink award report block reply
glasses2020 1 points 1 day ago Well the bill kills the entire US hemp industry because some retarded Republican senators think that hemp is the same thing as marijuana because they were heavily lobbied by the alcohol industry. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 1 day ago Not really a surprise. He and his dad are 'purist' libertarians. There's good and there's bad. permalink award report block reply djentropyhardcore 1 points 23 hours ago No they aren't.  They aren't even libertarians. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago His dad is. He is not. He is a tds faggot funded by democrats acting on Democrat demands permalink parent award report block reply
djentropyhardcore 1 points 23 hours ago No they aren't.  They aren't even libertarians. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 16 hours ago His dad is. He is not. He is a tds faggot funded by democrats acting on Democrat demands permalink parent award report block reply
y_do_i_need_to_hide 1 points 1 day ago This is one of his ONLY actual attempts to reduce the size of government. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago He wasn’t trying to even reduce the size of government. He was trying to turn the cr into some sort of minibus to satisfy the potheads that help fund him permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago He wasn’t trying to even reduce the size of government. He was trying to turn the cr into some sort of minibus to satisfy the potheads that help fund him permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 1 day ago Open or Shutdown they are laughing all the way to the bank with their portfolios. They couldn't give a lesser shit. permalink award report block reply
twoscoops4america 1 points 22 hours ago He’s pissed about the Hemp language and how it will hurt Kentucky growers. permalink award report block reply
dixie_knormous 1 points 1 day ago Keep it closed, permanently permalink award report block reply
Nomad2013 1 points 1 day ago Remember when he was gonna get Fauci if R’s took over? Yeah, once R’s took over he decided to just write a book instead! permalink award report block reply
Arriveria 1 points 1 day ago Government should stay closed permanently permalink award report block reply
Babyfaceposey 1 points 1 day ago Run the bill through Grok for analysis. permalink award report block reply
Cop-Morty 1 points 1 day ago Keep the government  closed. The parasites haven't felt enough pain permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 0 points 1 day ago Scrammed Paul permalink award report block reply
67Vert 0 points 1 day ago I can’t stand Rand. permalink award report block reply
The_RedWolf 0 points 22 hours ago Paul is nothing if not consistent.  He doesn't blindly follow the party leader which I can respect in principle. permalink award report block reply
yepyep 0 points 1 day ago Whatever it takes to remain bi-partisan I’m guessing. permalink award report block reply
Webspawner3 0 points 1 day ago I trust Rand Paul permalink award report block reply djentropyhardcore 2 points 23 hours ago You shouldn't. permalink parent award report block reply
djentropyhardcore 2 points 23 hours ago You shouldn't. permalink parent award report block reply
ManWhoMakesTheMusic 0 points 1 day ago I'd take Rand Paul over ANY uniparty politician. I'd take Rand Paul over any MIGA politician. permalink award report block reply
Emodius -1 points 1 day ago FUCK RAND PAUL permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace -3 points 1 day ago There's always that one asshole. permalink award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, he's an asshole for continuing the shutdown everyone here has been celebrating because he wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's spending bill? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 1 day ago Ok, my point is during the shutdown timeline there was room for everyone to move in and out before casting their vote.  At the final vote you know where the majority is and you want to be special and make a point...that was not the time to go and use a shut out for creating a divide in the Party.  OK, supposed 1 of the 8 Dems decided to do that during the final vote. permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 1 points 1 day ago So, he's an asshole for continuing the shutdown everyone here has been celebrating because he wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's spending bill? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 1 day ago Ok, my point is during the shutdown timeline there was room for everyone to move in and out before casting their vote.  At the final vote you know where the majority is and you want to be special and make a point...that was not the time to go and use a shut out for creating a divide in the Party.  OK, supposed 1 of the 8 Dems decided to do that during the final vote. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 1 day ago Ok, my point is during the shutdown timeline there was room for everyone to move in and out before casting their vote.  At the final vote you know where the majority is and you want to be special and make a point...that was not the time to go and use a shut out for creating a divide in the Party.  OK, supposed 1 of the 8 Dems decided to do that during the final vote. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 -3 points 1 day ago Imagine voting alongside AOC, and Bernie but somehow thinking you're the good guy! Rand, I've had it with you up to here (points mid naval) permalink award report block reply
couranto -4 points 1 day ago Visuals like this destroy Rand’s chest pounding that he’s a “independent thinker.” He’s a libtard thinker who sides with the scumbag communists. permalink award report block reply Arriveria 6 points 1 day ago Weren’t you supporting the shutdown not long ago permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 3 points 1 day ago I haven't found one person attacking Rand for his vote who also wants, or ever wanted, the shutdown to end.  All of them cheered it on, then attacked Rand for justifiably voting to continue it. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -3 points 1 day ago You’re a Fag. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago Still looking. Side note:  That level of discourse is exactly what you get from the anti-Rand NPC crowd. permalink parent award report block reply
Arriveria 6 points 1 day ago Weren’t you supporting the shutdown not long ago permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 3 points 1 day ago I haven't found one person attacking Rand for his vote who also wants, or ever wanted, the shutdown to end.  All of them cheered it on, then attacked Rand for justifiably voting to continue it. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -3 points 1 day ago You’re a Fag. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago Still looking. Side note:  That level of discourse is exactly what you get from the anti-Rand NPC crowd. permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 3 points 1 day ago I haven't found one person attacking Rand for his vote who also wants, or ever wanted, the shutdown to end.  All of them cheered it on, then attacked Rand for justifiably voting to continue it. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 -3 points 1 day ago You’re a Fag. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago Still looking. Side note:  That level of discourse is exactly what you get from the anti-Rand NPC crowd. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 -3 points 1 day ago You’re a Fag. permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago Still looking. Side note:  That level of discourse is exactly what you get from the anti-Rand NPC crowd. permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago Still looking. Side note:  That level of discourse is exactly what you get from the anti-Rand NPC crowd. permalink parent award report block reply
Owmyballz -5 points 1 day ago Of course, fucking Paul.  You can only vote with the democrats for so much for so long before its a problem. permalink award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 1 day ago You think the Republicans are actually maga? 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot -4 points 1 day ago Remember to primary the shit out of this undercover democrat globalist permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago You mean the guy who's voting to do the thing you were all cheering about doing and have been celebrating all along?  The guy who wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget?  We should replace him with someone who wants to continue operating under the Potato Regime's budget and work against MAGA?  Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. permalink parent award report block reply
hilboggins 1 points 1 day ago You think the Republicans are actually maga? 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Pongpagongbatibot -4 points 1 day ago Remember to primary the shit out of this undercover democrat globalist permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago You mean the guy who's voting to do the thing you were all cheering about doing and have been celebrating all along?  The guy who wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget?  We should replace him with someone who wants to continue operating under the Potato Regime's budget and work against MAGA?  Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. permalink parent award report block reply
TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 day ago You mean the guy who's voting to do the thing you were all cheering about doing and have been celebrating all along?  The guy who wants to stop operating under the Potato Regime's spending and move forward to President Trump's budget?  We should replace him with someone who wants to continue operating under the Potato Regime's budget and work against MAGA?  Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. permalink parent award report block reply
mytummyhurts -6 points 1 day ago What an embarrassment permalink award report block reply
unotrumpcard -10 points 1 day ago Hang Rand Paul permalink award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot -6 points 1 day ago You are being downvoted because PDW has been overtaken by trump-hating groypers. They love Iran, they love Palestine, they love Venezuela, they love islam. They hate Trump more than anything else permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 1 day ago Deport. permalink parent award report block reply
Pongpagongbatibot -6 points 1 day ago You are being downvoted because PDW has been overtaken by trump-hating groypers. They love Iran, they love Palestine, they love Venezuela, they love islam. They hate Trump more than anything else permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 1 day ago Deport. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 1 day ago Deport. permalink parent award report block reply