179 Cut H1Bs down by 90%, don't renew the visas of those who got in for entry level jobs, deport more. posted 4 hours ago by wharfthrowaway 7 comments award share report block We also need to do away with H1Bs altogether through Congress and just use O-1 sparingly.
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 hours ago How about ban companies operating in America from hiring off shore 100 percent permalink award report block reply TPMJB 4 points 1 hour ago What is this madness? You don't like Austin being like Mumbai? What are you, racist ? permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway OP 4 points 1 hour ago Best response to being called racist is just "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 19 minutes ago Velcome to Leander, saar. The bathroom, vell it is all around you! permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 41 minutes ago but we don't have any capable intelligent americans..........apparently permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 3 points 1 hour ago They will fire americans and outsource directly to other countries.  H1B is only part of the puzzle. So many places I go suddenly the entire IT staff is in mumbai. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 20 minutes ago Anyone who is here on a Green Card from H1B should have to reapply for their jobs after the H1B program is curtailed. permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 hours ago How about ban companies operating in America from hiring off shore 100 percent permalink award report block reply
TPMJB 4 points 1 hour ago What is this madness? You don't like Austin being like Mumbai? What are you, racist ? permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway OP 4 points 1 hour ago Best response to being called racist is just "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 19 minutes ago Velcome to Leander, saar. The bathroom, vell it is all around you! permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway OP 4 points 1 hour ago Best response to being called racist is just "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 19 minutes ago Velcome to Leander, saar. The bathroom, vell it is all around you! permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 3 points 41 minutes ago but we don't have any capable intelligent americans..........apparently permalink award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 3 points 1 hour ago They will fire americans and outsource directly to other countries.  H1B is only part of the puzzle. So many places I go suddenly the entire IT staff is in mumbai. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 20 minutes ago Anyone who is here on a Green Card from H1B should have to reapply for their jobs after the H1B program is curtailed. permalink award report block reply