1767 BREAKING: U.S. Supreme Court to hear case determining if states can count mail-in ballots that are received AFTER Election Day. 18 states currently allow late ballots to be counted. THIS IS MASSIVE. posted 2 days ago by Mr_Rightside 144 comments award share download report block
144 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style AmazingFlightLizard 109 points 2 days ago If SCOTUS says no, they’re just gonna do it anyway and tie the “losing” party up in court while their candidate is in the position. permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 51 points 2 days ago Yeah, they ignore the Supreme Court with impunity, or do as many workarounds as possible. In contrast, Trump endeavors to embody the spirit of the law and obeys every ruling. In general you would want your POTUS to do that, but when the enemy -- and they are our enemies even though we shouldn't have to view them that way -- ignores those rulings without consequences, the people begin to want more radical action than the obedience to the judiciary. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 2 days ago It's still important to get these loopholes closed by SCOTUS. They did this in PA in 2020 and it's one of the reasons the state went "blue," but it flipped back red in 2024 when the PA supreme court ruled that undated ballots couldn't be counted after Election Day permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 2 days ago Agreed that loop holes need to be closed, not sure I currently trust the Supreme Court to do so. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 1 points 2 days ago Actually, we have to view them that way because that is what they believe. If you don't treat people as your neighbor. You have to treat people selectively. If you don't then someone will eventually will hurt someone you know, are close to, or even destroying you which is the consequence for not being selective. People are strangers until their words & actions tell you who they are which is why 'the snake hides while the eagles are vigilant' so to say. They already displayed by their words and actions they view us as enemies so by right of protection & defense they are to be viewed the same. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 29 points 2 days ago Isn't it clear? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election. The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 5 points 2 days ago I don't think that is clear enough from a legal standpoint.  Election can mean vote casting only or vote casting and vote counting.  I think votes should be cast and counted within 48 hours, but that's just me. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 7 points 2 days ago Either way casting should be election day. Counting may be up for grabs, but then you need a chain of custody. permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 3 points 2 days ago USPS is a rotten chain of custody.  Everything I send is either late, lost, stolen, opened or damaged. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... lixa 2 points 2 days ago I see it as opposite- I'd be more ok w a few days of early voting and then all votes must be counted by the end of election night (whether that be midnight, or 2am, but nobody leaves or enters until all the votes are counted). permalink parent award report block reply lixa 3 points 2 days ago Election implies a candidate is elected that day. It's the act of electing someone. It should mean both casting and counting. permalink parent award report block reply Gtsx 1 points 2 days ago Most countries do it within 12 hours using paper ballots. permalink parent award report block reply Mooksayshigh 19 points 2 days ago They'll hide most Republicans votes until late at night then none of them will count after midnight. The only way to stop cheating is to hang the cheaters in public so they won't do it anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Maga_Gator 6 points 2 days ago Hang?  Draw and Quarter. permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 2 days ago Yes, yes and yes permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago And you build a fire on top of their guts laying on the ground in front of them. We must adhere to the old traditions. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 2 days ago SCOTUS saying that they can't count past a limit of say one day after midnight on the election night would end a lot of cheating and the democrat undermining the people's vote and the people's right to elect the politician they want. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 2 points 2 days ago And then the outcome will be the courts saying "Well the 'losing' party should have won. But we'll keep the other person there; we'll do better next time." permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... SavingPrivateGrace 30 points 2 days ago Counting of ballots needs a firm ending point.  Stop counting the ballots at midnight on election night. permalink award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 25 points 2 days ago Also, mail in ballots need to be ended as well permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 12 points 2 days ago It makes your average postal employee an arbiter and a link in the chain of custody of votes.  No bueno.   Too many instances of votes found by the side of the road, envelopes with windows on it to weed out politically incorrect votes, etc. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 5 points 2 days ago Unionized USPS employees have a vested interest in seeing the politician  that promises them a pay and benefit increase will win the election. There is zero way on Earth I would trust all those DEI hires to do anything but steal mail to begin with, destroying ballots is child's play to them. permalink parent award report block reply IHaveABetterSolution 10 points 2 days ago Yeah why are we even talking about whether mail in should be counted late? Mail in shouldn't be counted at all. 90 something % signature verification rejection rate dropped to a few % during the scamdemic. They're not secure. There's not even chain of custody. This seems like losing sold as a chance to win. permalink parent award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 2 points 2 days ago In Washington state... Mail in ballots were introduced in 1983. The last Republican governor was in 1985. In 2004, republican Dino Rossi dominated the rig... So the democrats proceeded to do 3 recounts until they somehow found just enough votes to steal the election from him. Obviously, when they had just enough, they didn't perform a single additional recount. Mail in ballots need to go away 100%. How many voters are so crippled that they literally can't leave the house to vote in person? Not NEARLY ENOUGH to sway an election and not nearly enough to make exceptions for the handicap. They can find a way to vote in person with ID. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 2 days ago Agreed. Military can vote in person where they are and whoever is in command reports the totals. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 3 points 2 days ago So theyll just adjudicate tens of thousands with a few clicks. permalink parent award report block reply IPMang 2 points 2 days ago And suddenly they're prioritizing the counting of Democrat ballots and saving the Republican ballots for after midnight.... permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 2 points 2 days ago If they are CAST and in the possession of election officials, they DO count. However ballots NOT in the possession of election officials, such as those still at the post office AFTER election day DO NOT COUNT.  The post mark does not matter. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 2 points 2 days ago Wait, what? Like if they are 3/4ths completed at midnight they just quit? Never to count the other remaining quarter ballots? permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 1 points 2 days ago Do like florida. You must declare totals before counting and then submit on time permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Tyrant37 19 points 2 days ago It's called election day for a reason. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 6 points 2 days ago It’s Election Season! It’s Riot Season! Election Season! Riot Season! Etc permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 2 days ago Dats ray cyst permalink parent award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 17 points 2 days ago I think California is still counting ballots from 2024. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Trump still has a chance to win California DONATE NOW 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply GnuYow 15 points 2 days ago Just the fact that conservatives are massively in favor of not allowing late ballots, and liberals are not, tells you an awful lot. One of those positions opens the door to fraud and the other does not. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 days ago Same with voter ID permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 2 days ago Democrats don’t care. They aren’t decent people. They hate you. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpShillsAintMAGA 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpdidit 7 points 2 days ago The democrats wait for the republicans to count and advertise the amount of votes people get, then the democrats rush to extend the amount needed the following week to allow their people to win by the extended amount of mail in's they can muster up to bypass the republicans count. 101, cheating in capital letters. permalink award report block reply TheSwampThang 7 points 2 days ago There should be cut off date according to the date on the mailed envelope.  No date, then it should be treated as an in-person ballot, and has to be counted on that day. Also mail in ballots should be reserved for people who need them. permalink award report block reply NADSAQ 3 points 2 days ago Two days prior to election day should be the postmark cutoff. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago A postmark of election day should NOT count, since it is possible in most places to get a legal postmark, especially at the.main post office AFTER poll closing time. Of course we know false postmark can also be obtained as well, so the ONLY way to ensure it was cast before poll closing time is to not accept any ballots whatsoever after that time. NO ballot should be accepted after that time, except for those in line before poll closing time, since that specific polling place remains open until all in line are served. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 2 days ago That’s what this case is about. Counting votes that were dated and time stamped by the postal service before Election Day. Not undated ballots. We’re arguing to not count ballots submitted before Election Day if they didn’t arrive at a counting place in enough time to be counted before midnight. Imagine, you voted in person, and the box your vote was in didn’t make it to the count center until 12:15, so you vote is now nullified. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago NO, we are saying election officials must have POSSESSION of the ballot before the end of election DAY. It does not have to be counted before the end of election day, as long as it was cast AND in the POSSESSION of the officials by election day. Ballots NOT in the possession of elections officials by election day (because the USPS has them in their possession) should NOT be counted. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote -2 points 2 days ago If today is November 4th, can I get a postmark machine to stamp November 1st on an envelope? permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Yes. Of course this is CHEATING. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 1 points 2 days ago If a person knows how to get a fake ballot, that person likely knows how to get a fake postmark. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago I suspect that even the IRS will soon insist their money be electronically sent to them on or before tax day. They already use a different address for those sending a check, so they can get the money deposited fast. Thus, even the IRS might not accept postmark soon, since 99% of returns are electronically filed. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... CaptRied 7 points 2 days ago What is the difference between a mailed ballot being counted that arrived after an election, and a man's vote being counted if he tries to cast it after the polls have been closed ?  They are both late, but begin their journey before the polls were closed. Are the polls closed or not? permalink award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago If the voter arrived before poll closing time, they will still be able to cast a vote, even if it was not cast and received by the election officials until after poll closing time, as all states have laws allowing those there before to cast a ballot. If the USPS DELIVERED the ballot to election officials ON election day it should count but otherwise it is LATE and should not count. No different than the voter that arrived to vote five minutes after poll closing time.  They do not get to have their vote counted either. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 2 days ago One was cast before the polls were closed and one was not. These are ballots time stamped before Election Day. permalink parent award report block reply Freefertilizer 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 6 points 2 days ago Can I bet the horses after the race? permalink award report block reply HoganT -7 points 2 days ago These aren’t ballots cast after Election Day, dumbass. Learn the topic you’re actually talking about. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 2 days ago That's where you're wrong, kiddo. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 2 days ago This is literally a case about counting ballots postmarked before election day. It's literally in the case paper in the post, dumbass. absentee ballots CAST BY ELECTION DAY to be received shortly after that day How does it feel to be so demonstrably wrong that you can be proved so just by a simple scroll up to the top of the post? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 21 hours ago Here's the thing, actual retard. When they cheat, the party marks are fake. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 5 points 2 days ago Mail in ballots are a problem on their own and must be stopped Make it a 2 day federal holiday so critical infrastructure people can trade off working days, and have them all.counted by midnight day 2 permalink award report block reply Kek_Johnson 3 points 2 days ago I live in WA. Sucks. I don't even have the chance to vote. I keep getting unregistered for some reason after I keep having to register. I don't get ballots in the mail and there's nowhere for me to vote. Worked with an illegal who had 2 separate registration accounts in CA. He moved to WA and had his mail forwarded from CA and got registration in WA. He bragged that he was able to vote three times. permalink parent award report block reply invalid_data 2 points 2 days ago Yes, this is trying to solve the problem of a problem. The mail in ballots existence is the problem and is something our founders or constitution never even considered. permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside OP 5 points 2 days ago https://x.com/libsoftiktok/status/1987919233314140609 permalink award report block reply Carterslvrpilz 5 points 2 days ago We already have proof that the post offices will back date ballots. Blue states are uncontrollable. permalink award report block reply politicsaside 1 points 2 days ago We need to just split up or fight. We can’t continue to try to govern with these demons. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 5 points 2 days ago Just ban mail-in-ballots altogether. There is no chain of custody. Why is this so hard? permalink award report block reply Joeret 3 points 2 days ago Prop 50 in California was determined hours after the voting ended. Of course counting ballots after the fact is ludicrous. permalink award report block reply jml1997 3 points 2 days ago Back before you could do your taxes online, you had to go stand inline at the post office and make sure it was there before midnight. If not it was late. This is just coming with ways to legally cheat. permalink award report block reply HoganT 2 points 2 days ago This is about ballots postmarked before the deadline, just like your example. permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 2 days ago Then we get into the issue of ballots being back dated by the post office.  Everyone is in on the election cheating. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Then that’s a post office issue, a federal entity. Not the voter’s issue. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 2 days ago Paper only, day of, no mail in, military can be phoned in after hand count is done, proof kept for a period of time TBD. Anything else is a vector for fraud. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 2 days ago They debate the adjective election, meaning when it’s over as a process.   But the real question is what is the definition of the noun “day”.  Election DAY! permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 2 days ago To me, it's when the poles close. DONE. permalink parent award report block reply Steve1 2 points 2 days ago Mail in ballots should all be illegal permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 2 points 2 days ago There’s a big difference between ballots postmarked by Election Day and ballots received by Election Day. The latter is going to make it harder for the Dems to cheat permalink award report block reply HoganT 1 points 2 days ago This case is exclusively about ballots postmarked before Election Day. permalink parent award report block reply MythArcana 2 points 2 days ago California was still counting fraudulent ballots all the way into January when Los Angeles was on fire, but we magically got the special election results at 8:30pm on election night? SUM TING WONG permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 2 points 2 days ago If the electors process is set in the Constitution - should not the REST OF THE NATION  USE THAT MODEL... Article II, Section 1 delegates the Electoral College deadlines to Congress: “The Congress may determine the Time of chusing [original spelling] the Electors, and the Day on which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States.” DAY DAY DAY!  Not week, not month, not mail in.... 'DAY' permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Yep, doesn’t say shit about counting. permalink parent award report block reply thisisatestof2 2 points 2 days ago The obvious answer is absolutely not unless than the case of some natural disaster or other emergency that would have prevented them from being delivered in time, say, a mail truck was stuck on a road that got washed out. permalink award report block reply Washington_Redskins 2 points 2 days ago The only fair and legitimate way to do this, is to allow late mail-in and absentee ballots to be counted until the Democrats can win that election. At least, we know that's what they are doing. permalink award report block reply realPhantomFuck 2 points 2 days ago That's how they stole the election from Sam Brown here in NV. He won on election night... lost when ballots kept trickling in for a week permalink award report block reply Chickensaurus 2 points 2 days ago I'd like my gun rights back that Colorado took from all gun owners. I'd like to buy standard capacity magazines, etc. All gun laws need to be removed. permalink award report block reply Dev404 2 points 2 days ago Those 18 states should have their reps removed for fraud and the people running the election should be fired and fined, severely. permalink award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 2 points 2 days ago Dumb! They need to rule on the legality of even having them. Which is no! permalink award report block reply Clarice357 2 points 2 days ago If you can count "late" ballots, what's the point of a deadline? permalink award report block reply Magastreammedia 2 points 2 days ago NO STANDING permalink award report block reply CommieCrats 2 points 2 days ago Get rid of the machines! permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 2 points 2 days ago Errr SCOTUS does not take cases to affirm them.  It says the fifth circuit rules that you can not count late ballots.  So if SCOTUS reverses then you can count late ballots. permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 2 points 2 days ago No mail in voting at all. The mail is not secure enough permalink award report block reply Duke442games 1 points 1 day ago The GOP could have sued in 2020, but did NOTHING. FUCK the GOP. permalink award report block reply Yawnz13 1 points 2 days ago Double-edged sword.  If the court rules against counting after Election Day, the Post Office will commence with their shenanigans with military ballots, etc. permalink award report block reply Username_here 1 points 2 days ago So why not be able to count 2 years later? There is a reason there is a day to vote. permalink award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 1 points 1 day ago I hope SCOTUS surprises me on this one. Their last few decisions have been pretty terrible. permalink award report block reply Texas_81 1 points 2 days ago Then what? We have the majority right now and they’re all not doing shit permalink award report block reply emorphia 1 points 2 days ago if the dems did not follow election rules , what makes people think they will abide by this ruling ? permalink award report block reply CanadianMeathead 1 points 2 days ago Only massive if they don't allow it permalink award report block reply HunterBidensPC 1 points 2 days ago With the government in charge of much of mail delivery, they can target by county or city which ballots get delivered on Election Day This could go either way. What would really solve our problems is HANGING THE FAGGOTS CAUGHT CHEATING IN OUR ELECTIONS permalink award report block reply Urusovite 1 points 2 days ago Lol. So much faith in this worthless court permalink award report block reply SorosHasBallsackEyes 1 points 2 days ago How is this even a question? permalink award report block reply mass55th 1 points 2 days ago You'd think a time-limit for counting votes would have been part of the Bill passed by the State Legislatures that pertained to the use of absentee ballots. permalink award report block reply TenchuStealthAss 1 points 2 days ago They'll just ignore their own rules--that's what Pennsylvania did. The supreme court in Pennsylvania said despite there being a law that ballots can't be counted after election date, it wouldn't be fair. permalink award report block reply boolmccool 1 points 2 days ago 5 fucking years too late permalink award report block reply ckover9000 1 points 2 days ago In addition to mail-on ballots needing to be banned (except in certain outlier cases) the argument that mail-in ballot should be counted after election day is retarded on its face. They know how many they have well before election so they should be staffed in preparation to be able to count them all. Coof paid off ten fold in so many ways. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago It's Election DAY, not election weeks or months. Ballots get counted THAT FUCKING DAY or the state gets a federal fucking in the ass and a required do-over with FEC watchers at every polling place billed to that state. permalink award report block reply Scot 1 points 2 days ago Don't count on them to follow the Constitution. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 2 days ago NO MORE RECIEVING OF BALLOTS ONCE POLES CLOSE. PERIOD!!!! permalink award report block reply Harvestsmiles 1 points 2 days ago How is it still allowed?
There should be a DOGE style team set up to focus solely on improving the integrity of our elections. Federal elections should have federal guidelines. permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 1 points 2 days ago As if those states care what the law is. Only when people are punished for election fraud with severe consequences, will they care and nothing will be done by Bondi. permalink award report block reply mohel 1 points 2 days ago Next, SCOTUS will decide if water is wet. permalink award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 1 points 2 days ago Let me guess, they are going to hear it on November 31st, 2026. permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 1 points 2 days ago Every precinct count DONE one hour after polls close. Every report to the state done within that hour. Not done? Not reported? Doesn't count. Period. Too bad. Find better poll workers. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago Heavily Republican precincts would be the only precincts in every blue state that would never get counted in time. If it was a 60/40 split the communists would gladly disenfranchise their own voters in order to fuck Republican voters. permalink parent award report block reply Bueller 1 points 2 days ago "Finding" ballots after the election - demoncrat specialty permalink award report block reply Spellmonger 1 points 2 days ago What foolishness. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 1 points 2 days ago These states couldn’t before. They changed laws illegally around their state legislatures and broke the law anyway. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 2 days ago No Standing! permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 2 days ago just end mail-in ballots entirely permalink award report block reply throttlejohnson 1 points 2 days ago its already law. just enforce it. case closed. permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 2 days ago Vote in person!! And there will be no problem ‼️ permalink award report block reply dtrap 1 points 2 days ago The fact we even have to do this shows how far certain groups have fallen. permalink award report block reply Shibbs70 1 points 2 days ago Imagine arguing not having to pay interest on your taxes owed because you mailed it "close enough" to the due date... These fuckers don't pay taxes though, so this argument will only make sense to the folks here. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Welllll...we're WAITING.... permalink award report block reply edxzxz 1 points 2 days ago According to the clear language of the Constitution, early voting should also be prohibited. permalink award report block reply coffee_grdr 1 points 2 days ago this should be a slam dunk! we either have rules or we dont.  if the supreme court says elections dont need rules, then why should anyone follow laws they try to uphold?!? the whole idea of american elections is that they are always fair and cant be rigged.  but that idea is based on having strict rules that every state must follow.  without those rules we cant assume our elections are fair. not allowing the counting ballots after election day is a good start, but just as important is that states and counties not be allowed to delete election results after an election, like was done in maracopa county! no other government agency is allowed to delete government records without waiting many years first.  this one act makes it impossible to assume our elections are fair! permalink award report block reply Mechanicalmind 1 points 2 days ago Doesn’t matter what Supreme Court says, lower circuit judges run the country. Supreme Court is a joke at this point permalink award report block reply Fangerang 1 points 2 days ago Glad we need the Supreme Court to weigh in on something that should be blatantly obvious to anyone that's not completely retarded. permalink award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago The key words are "submitted to", or stated another way "in the possession of election officials" ON election day. Being in the possession of the post office and NOT YET in the possession of election officials ON election day does not meet that standard. permalink award report block reply Tailgunnerjoe 1 points 2 days ago Congress can ban mail in ballots
Section 4 The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 2 days ago They are going to rule that it's OK to count ballots that show up to 4 years after the election. permalink award report block reply Cyclepath55 1 points 2 days ago It's called ELECTION DAY for fucks sake. permalink award report block reply AfterGlow 1 points 2 days ago They left out the word "blue." It should be "18 blue states currently allow late ballots...". permalink award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Counting ballots? How about we verify these sketchy pieces of paper. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 1 points 2 days ago You mean I can't wander into the courthouse on Friday and say "hey, ya'll got any more of them ballots?" permalink award report block reply LLegendary 1 points 2 days ago That'd be so stupid.  They could back-date ballots and turn in how many they need.  But yeh...they will cheat one way or another.  Republican votes will magically show up too late. permalink award report block reply Aintlifegrand2010 1 points 2 days ago Foster V Love permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 2 days ago Amy gonna look at her black adopted children, shed a tear and vote against Trump “I’m a woman hear me roar” permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks -3 points 2 days ago Distraction after Distraction. Pass the Bread. What time is the Circus? permalink award report block reply new_guy2 5 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
AmazingFlightLizard 109 points 2 days ago If SCOTUS says no, they’re just gonna do it anyway and tie the “losing” party up in court while their candidate is in the position. permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 51 points 2 days ago Yeah, they ignore the Supreme Court with impunity, or do as many workarounds as possible. In contrast, Trump endeavors to embody the spirit of the law and obeys every ruling. In general you would want your POTUS to do that, but when the enemy -- and they are our enemies even though we shouldn't have to view them that way -- ignores those rulings without consequences, the people begin to want more radical action than the obedience to the judiciary. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 2 days ago It's still important to get these loopholes closed by SCOTUS. They did this in PA in 2020 and it's one of the reasons the state went "blue," but it flipped back red in 2024 when the PA supreme court ruled that undated ballots couldn't be counted after Election Day permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 2 days ago Agreed that loop holes need to be closed, not sure I currently trust the Supreme Court to do so. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 1 points 2 days ago Actually, we have to view them that way because that is what they believe. If you don't treat people as your neighbor. You have to treat people selectively. If you don't then someone will eventually will hurt someone you know, are close to, or even destroying you which is the consequence for not being selective. People are strangers until their words & actions tell you who they are which is why 'the snake hides while the eagles are vigilant' so to say. They already displayed by their words and actions they view us as enemies so by right of protection & defense they are to be viewed the same. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 29 points 2 days ago Isn't it clear? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election. The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 5 points 2 days ago I don't think that is clear enough from a legal standpoint.  Election can mean vote casting only or vote casting and vote counting.  I think votes should be cast and counted within 48 hours, but that's just me. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 7 points 2 days ago Either way casting should be election day. Counting may be up for grabs, but then you need a chain of custody. permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 3 points 2 days ago USPS is a rotten chain of custody.  Everything I send is either late, lost, stolen, opened or damaged. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... lixa 2 points 2 days ago I see it as opposite- I'd be more ok w a few days of early voting and then all votes must be counted by the end of election night (whether that be midnight, or 2am, but nobody leaves or enters until all the votes are counted). permalink parent award report block reply lixa 3 points 2 days ago Election implies a candidate is elected that day. It's the act of electing someone. It should mean both casting and counting. permalink parent award report block reply Gtsx 1 points 2 days ago Most countries do it within 12 hours using paper ballots. permalink parent award report block reply Mooksayshigh 19 points 2 days ago They'll hide most Republicans votes until late at night then none of them will count after midnight. The only way to stop cheating is to hang the cheaters in public so they won't do it anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Maga_Gator 6 points 2 days ago Hang?  Draw and Quarter. permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 2 days ago Yes, yes and yes permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago And you build a fire on top of their guts laying on the ground in front of them. We must adhere to the old traditions. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 2 days ago SCOTUS saying that they can't count past a limit of say one day after midnight on the election night would end a lot of cheating and the democrat undermining the people's vote and the people's right to elect the politician they want. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 2 points 2 days ago And then the outcome will be the courts saying "Well the 'losing' party should have won. But we'll keep the other person there; we'll do better next time." permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
Wtf_socialismreally 51 points 2 days ago Yeah, they ignore the Supreme Court with impunity, or do as many workarounds as possible. In contrast, Trump endeavors to embody the spirit of the law and obeys every ruling. In general you would want your POTUS to do that, but when the enemy -- and they are our enemies even though we shouldn't have to view them that way -- ignores those rulings without consequences, the people begin to want more radical action than the obedience to the judiciary. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 2 days ago It's still important to get these loopholes closed by SCOTUS. They did this in PA in 2020 and it's one of the reasons the state went "blue," but it flipped back red in 2024 when the PA supreme court ruled that undated ballots couldn't be counted after Election Day permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 2 days ago Agreed that loop holes need to be closed, not sure I currently trust the Supreme Court to do so. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 1 points 2 days ago Actually, we have to view them that way because that is what they believe. If you don't treat people as your neighbor. You have to treat people selectively. If you don't then someone will eventually will hurt someone you know, are close to, or even destroying you which is the consequence for not being selective. People are strangers until their words & actions tell you who they are which is why 'the snake hides while the eagles are vigilant' so to say. They already displayed by their words and actions they view us as enemies so by right of protection & defense they are to be viewed the same. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 2 days ago It's still important to get these loopholes closed by SCOTUS. They did this in PA in 2020 and it's one of the reasons the state went "blue," but it flipped back red in 2024 when the PA supreme court ruled that undated ballots couldn't be counted after Election Day permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 2 days ago Agreed that loop holes need to be closed, not sure I currently trust the Supreme Court to do so. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 2 days ago Agreed that loop holes need to be closed, not sure I currently trust the Supreme Court to do so. permalink parent award report block reply
Aambrick 1 points 2 days ago Actually, we have to view them that way because that is what they believe. If you don't treat people as your neighbor. You have to treat people selectively. If you don't then someone will eventually will hurt someone you know, are close to, or even destroying you which is the consequence for not being selective. People are strangers until their words & actions tell you who they are which is why 'the snake hides while the eagles are vigilant' so to say. They already displayed by their words and actions they view us as enemies so by right of protection & defense they are to be viewed the same. permalink parent award report block reply
CyanScales 29 points 2 days ago Isn't it clear? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election. The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 5 points 2 days ago I don't think that is clear enough from a legal standpoint.  Election can mean vote casting only or vote casting and vote counting.  I think votes should be cast and counted within 48 hours, but that's just me. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 7 points 2 days ago Either way casting should be election day. Counting may be up for grabs, but then you need a chain of custody. permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 3 points 2 days ago USPS is a rotten chain of custody.  Everything I send is either late, lost, stolen, opened or damaged. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... lixa 2 points 2 days ago I see it as opposite- I'd be more ok w a few days of early voting and then all votes must be counted by the end of election night (whether that be midnight, or 2am, but nobody leaves or enters until all the votes are counted). permalink parent award report block reply lixa 3 points 2 days ago Election implies a candidate is elected that day. It's the act of electing someone. It should mean both casting and counting. permalink parent award report block reply Gtsx 1 points 2 days ago Most countries do it within 12 hours using paper ballots. permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 5 points 2 days ago I don't think that is clear enough from a legal standpoint.  Election can mean vote casting only or vote casting and vote counting.  I think votes should be cast and counted within 48 hours, but that's just me. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 7 points 2 days ago Either way casting should be election day. Counting may be up for grabs, but then you need a chain of custody. permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 3 points 2 days ago USPS is a rotten chain of custody.  Everything I send is either late, lost, stolen, opened or damaged. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... lixa 2 points 2 days ago I see it as opposite- I'd be more ok w a few days of early voting and then all votes must be counted by the end of election night (whether that be midnight, or 2am, but nobody leaves or enters until all the votes are counted). permalink parent award report block reply lixa 3 points 2 days ago Election implies a candidate is elected that day. It's the act of electing someone. It should mean both casting and counting. permalink parent award report block reply Gtsx 1 points 2 days ago Most countries do it within 12 hours using paper ballots. permalink parent award report block reply
CyanScales 7 points 2 days ago Either way casting should be election day. Counting may be up for grabs, but then you need a chain of custody. permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 3 points 2 days ago USPS is a rotten chain of custody.  Everything I send is either late, lost, stolen, opened or damaged. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... lixa 2 points 2 days ago I see it as opposite- I'd be more ok w a few days of early voting and then all votes must be counted by the end of election night (whether that be midnight, or 2am, but nobody leaves or enters until all the votes are counted). permalink parent award report block reply
Chickapede 3 points 2 days ago USPS is a rotten chain of custody.  Everything I send is either late, lost, stolen, opened or damaged. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
lixa 2 points 2 days ago I see it as opposite- I'd be more ok w a few days of early voting and then all votes must be counted by the end of election night (whether that be midnight, or 2am, but nobody leaves or enters until all the votes are counted). permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 3 points 2 days ago Election implies a candidate is elected that day. It's the act of electing someone. It should mean both casting and counting. permalink parent award report block reply
Gtsx 1 points 2 days ago Most countries do it within 12 hours using paper ballots. permalink parent award report block reply
Mooksayshigh 19 points 2 days ago They'll hide most Republicans votes until late at night then none of them will count after midnight. The only way to stop cheating is to hang the cheaters in public so they won't do it anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Maga_Gator 6 points 2 days ago Hang?  Draw and Quarter. permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 2 days ago Yes, yes and yes permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago And you build a fire on top of their guts laying on the ground in front of them. We must adhere to the old traditions. permalink parent award report block reply
Maga_Gator 6 points 2 days ago Hang?  Draw and Quarter. permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 2 days ago Yes, yes and yes permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago And you build a fire on top of their guts laying on the ground in front of them. We must adhere to the old traditions. permalink parent award report block reply
Sparks1017 2 points 2 days ago Yes, yes and yes permalink parent award report block reply
DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago And you build a fire on top of their guts laying on the ground in front of them. We must adhere to the old traditions. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 3 points 2 days ago SCOTUS saying that they can't count past a limit of say one day after midnight on the election night would end a lot of cheating and the democrat undermining the people's vote and the people's right to elect the politician they want. permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 2 points 2 days ago And then the outcome will be the courts saying "Well the 'losing' party should have won. But we'll keep the other person there; we'll do better next time." permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 30 points 2 days ago Counting of ballots needs a firm ending point.  Stop counting the ballots at midnight on election night. permalink award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 25 points 2 days ago Also, mail in ballots need to be ended as well permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 12 points 2 days ago It makes your average postal employee an arbiter and a link in the chain of custody of votes.  No bueno.   Too many instances of votes found by the side of the road, envelopes with windows on it to weed out politically incorrect votes, etc. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 5 points 2 days ago Unionized USPS employees have a vested interest in seeing the politician  that promises them a pay and benefit increase will win the election. There is zero way on Earth I would trust all those DEI hires to do anything but steal mail to begin with, destroying ballots is child's play to them. permalink parent award report block reply IHaveABetterSolution 10 points 2 days ago Yeah why are we even talking about whether mail in should be counted late? Mail in shouldn't be counted at all. 90 something % signature verification rejection rate dropped to a few % during the scamdemic. They're not secure. There's not even chain of custody. This seems like losing sold as a chance to win. permalink parent award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 2 points 2 days ago In Washington state... Mail in ballots were introduced in 1983. The last Republican governor was in 1985. In 2004, republican Dino Rossi dominated the rig... So the democrats proceeded to do 3 recounts until they somehow found just enough votes to steal the election from him. Obviously, when they had just enough, they didn't perform a single additional recount. Mail in ballots need to go away 100%. How many voters are so crippled that they literally can't leave the house to vote in person? Not NEARLY ENOUGH to sway an election and not nearly enough to make exceptions for the handicap. They can find a way to vote in person with ID. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 2 days ago Agreed. Military can vote in person where they are and whoever is in command reports the totals. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 3 points 2 days ago So theyll just adjudicate tens of thousands with a few clicks. permalink parent award report block reply IPMang 2 points 2 days ago And suddenly they're prioritizing the counting of Democrat ballots and saving the Republican ballots for after midnight.... permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 2 points 2 days ago If they are CAST and in the possession of election officials, they DO count. However ballots NOT in the possession of election officials, such as those still at the post office AFTER election day DO NOT COUNT.  The post mark does not matter. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 2 points 2 days ago Wait, what? Like if they are 3/4ths completed at midnight they just quit? Never to count the other remaining quarter ballots? permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 1 points 2 days ago Do like florida. You must declare totals before counting and then submit on time permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
RedditIs4Retards 25 points 2 days ago Also, mail in ballots need to be ended as well permalink parent award report block reply Chickapede 12 points 2 days ago It makes your average postal employee an arbiter and a link in the chain of custody of votes.  No bueno.   Too many instances of votes found by the side of the road, envelopes with windows on it to weed out politically incorrect votes, etc. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 5 points 2 days ago Unionized USPS employees have a vested interest in seeing the politician  that promises them a pay and benefit increase will win the election. There is zero way on Earth I would trust all those DEI hires to do anything but steal mail to begin with, destroying ballots is child's play to them. permalink parent award report block reply IHaveABetterSolution 10 points 2 days ago Yeah why are we even talking about whether mail in should be counted late? Mail in shouldn't be counted at all. 90 something % signature verification rejection rate dropped to a few % during the scamdemic. They're not secure. There's not even chain of custody. This seems like losing sold as a chance to win. permalink parent award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 2 points 2 days ago In Washington state... Mail in ballots were introduced in 1983. The last Republican governor was in 1985. In 2004, republican Dino Rossi dominated the rig... So the democrats proceeded to do 3 recounts until they somehow found just enough votes to steal the election from him. Obviously, when they had just enough, they didn't perform a single additional recount. Mail in ballots need to go away 100%. How many voters are so crippled that they literally can't leave the house to vote in person? Not NEARLY ENOUGH to sway an election and not nearly enough to make exceptions for the handicap. They can find a way to vote in person with ID. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 2 days ago Agreed. Military can vote in person where they are and whoever is in command reports the totals. permalink parent award report block reply
Chickapede 12 points 2 days ago It makes your average postal employee an arbiter and a link in the chain of custody of votes.  No bueno.   Too many instances of votes found by the side of the road, envelopes with windows on it to weed out politically incorrect votes, etc. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 5 points 2 days ago Unionized USPS employees have a vested interest in seeing the politician  that promises them a pay and benefit increase will win the election. There is zero way on Earth I would trust all those DEI hires to do anything but steal mail to begin with, destroying ballots is child's play to them. permalink parent award report block reply
DieHeretic 5 points 2 days ago Unionized USPS employees have a vested interest in seeing the politician  that promises them a pay and benefit increase will win the election. There is zero way on Earth I would trust all those DEI hires to do anything but steal mail to begin with, destroying ballots is child's play to them. permalink parent award report block reply
IHaveABetterSolution 10 points 2 days ago Yeah why are we even talking about whether mail in should be counted late? Mail in shouldn't be counted at all. 90 something % signature verification rejection rate dropped to a few % during the scamdemic. They're not secure. There's not even chain of custody. This seems like losing sold as a chance to win. permalink parent award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 2 points 2 days ago In Washington state... Mail in ballots were introduced in 1983. The last Republican governor was in 1985. In 2004, republican Dino Rossi dominated the rig... So the democrats proceeded to do 3 recounts until they somehow found just enough votes to steal the election from him. Obviously, when they had just enough, they didn't perform a single additional recount. Mail in ballots need to go away 100%. How many voters are so crippled that they literally can't leave the house to vote in person? Not NEARLY ENOUGH to sway an election and not nearly enough to make exceptions for the handicap. They can find a way to vote in person with ID. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 2 days ago Agreed. Military can vote in person where they are and whoever is in command reports the totals. permalink parent award report block reply
RedditIs4Retards 2 points 2 days ago In Washington state... Mail in ballots were introduced in 1983. The last Republican governor was in 1985. In 2004, republican Dino Rossi dominated the rig... So the democrats proceeded to do 3 recounts until they somehow found just enough votes to steal the election from him. Obviously, when they had just enough, they didn't perform a single additional recount. Mail in ballots need to go away 100%. How many voters are so crippled that they literally can't leave the house to vote in person? Not NEARLY ENOUGH to sway an election and not nearly enough to make exceptions for the handicap. They can find a way to vote in person with ID. permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 2 points 2 days ago Agreed. Military can vote in person where they are and whoever is in command reports the totals. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 3 points 2 days ago So theyll just adjudicate tens of thousands with a few clicks. permalink parent award report block reply
IPMang 2 points 2 days ago And suddenly they're prioritizing the counting of Democrat ballots and saving the Republican ballots for after midnight.... permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 2 points 2 days ago If they are CAST and in the possession of election officials, they DO count. However ballots NOT in the possession of election officials, such as those still at the post office AFTER election day DO NOT COUNT.  The post mark does not matter. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 2 points 2 days ago If they are CAST and in the possession of election officials, they DO count. However ballots NOT in the possession of election officials, such as those still at the post office AFTER election day DO NOT COUNT.  The post mark does not matter. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 2 points 2 days ago Wait, what? Like if they are 3/4ths completed at midnight they just quit? Never to count the other remaining quarter ballots? permalink parent award report block reply
tjohnson107 1 points 2 days ago Do like florida. You must declare totals before counting and then submit on time permalink parent award report block reply
Tyrant37 19 points 2 days ago It's called election day for a reason. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 6 points 2 days ago It’s Election Season! It’s Riot Season! Election Season! Riot Season! Etc permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 2 days ago Dats ray cyst permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 6 points 2 days ago It’s Election Season! It’s Riot Season! Election Season! Riot Season! Etc permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 1 points 2 days ago Dats ray cyst permalink parent award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 17 points 2 days ago I think California is still counting ballots from 2024. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Trump still has a chance to win California DONATE NOW 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Trump still has a chance to win California DONATE NOW 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
GnuYow 15 points 2 days ago Just the fact that conservatives are massively in favor of not allowing late ballots, and liberals are not, tells you an awful lot. One of those positions opens the door to fraud and the other does not. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 days ago Same with voter ID permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 2 days ago Democrats don’t care. They aren’t decent people. They hate you. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpShillsAintMAGA 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 days ago Same with voter ID permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 2 points 2 days ago Democrats don’t care. They aren’t decent people. They hate you. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpShillsAintMAGA 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpdidit 7 points 2 days ago The democrats wait for the republicans to count and advertise the amount of votes people get, then the democrats rush to extend the amount needed the following week to allow their people to win by the extended amount of mail in's they can muster up to bypass the republicans count. 101, cheating in capital letters. permalink award report block reply
TheSwampThang 7 points 2 days ago There should be cut off date according to the date on the mailed envelope.  No date, then it should be treated as an in-person ballot, and has to be counted on that day. Also mail in ballots should be reserved for people who need them. permalink award report block reply NADSAQ 3 points 2 days ago Two days prior to election day should be the postmark cutoff. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago A postmark of election day should NOT count, since it is possible in most places to get a legal postmark, especially at the.main post office AFTER poll closing time. Of course we know false postmark can also be obtained as well, so the ONLY way to ensure it was cast before poll closing time is to not accept any ballots whatsoever after that time. NO ballot should be accepted after that time, except for those in line before poll closing time, since that specific polling place remains open until all in line are served. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 2 days ago That’s what this case is about. Counting votes that were dated and time stamped by the postal service before Election Day. Not undated ballots. We’re arguing to not count ballots submitted before Election Day if they didn’t arrive at a counting place in enough time to be counted before midnight. Imagine, you voted in person, and the box your vote was in didn’t make it to the count center until 12:15, so you vote is now nullified. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago NO, we are saying election officials must have POSSESSION of the ballot before the end of election DAY. It does not have to be counted before the end of election day, as long as it was cast AND in the POSSESSION of the officials by election day. Ballots NOT in the possession of elections officials by election day (because the USPS has them in their possession) should NOT be counted. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote -2 points 2 days ago If today is November 4th, can I get a postmark machine to stamp November 1st on an envelope? permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Yes. Of course this is CHEATING. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 1 points 2 days ago If a person knows how to get a fake ballot, that person likely knows how to get a fake postmark. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago I suspect that even the IRS will soon insist their money be electronically sent to them on or before tax day. They already use a different address for those sending a check, so they can get the money deposited fast. Thus, even the IRS might not accept postmark soon, since 99% of returns are electronically filed. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
NADSAQ 3 points 2 days ago Two days prior to election day should be the postmark cutoff. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago A postmark of election day should NOT count, since it is possible in most places to get a legal postmark, especially at the.main post office AFTER poll closing time. Of course we know false postmark can also be obtained as well, so the ONLY way to ensure it was cast before poll closing time is to not accept any ballots whatsoever after that time. NO ballot should be accepted after that time, except for those in line before poll closing time, since that specific polling place remains open until all in line are served. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago A postmark of election day should NOT count, since it is possible in most places to get a legal postmark, especially at the.main post office AFTER poll closing time. Of course we know false postmark can also be obtained as well, so the ONLY way to ensure it was cast before poll closing time is to not accept any ballots whatsoever after that time. NO ballot should be accepted after that time, except for those in line before poll closing time, since that specific polling place remains open until all in line are served. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 2 days ago That’s what this case is about. Counting votes that were dated and time stamped by the postal service before Election Day. Not undated ballots. We’re arguing to not count ballots submitted before Election Day if they didn’t arrive at a counting place in enough time to be counted before midnight. Imagine, you voted in person, and the box your vote was in didn’t make it to the count center until 12:15, so you vote is now nullified. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago NO, we are saying election officials must have POSSESSION of the ballot before the end of election DAY. It does not have to be counted before the end of election day, as long as it was cast AND in the POSSESSION of the officials by election day. Ballots NOT in the possession of elections officials by election day (because the USPS has them in their possession) should NOT be counted. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago NO, we are saying election officials must have POSSESSION of the ballot before the end of election DAY. It does not have to be counted before the end of election day, as long as it was cast AND in the POSSESSION of the officials by election day. Ballots NOT in the possession of elections officials by election day (because the USPS has them in their possession) should NOT be counted. permalink parent award report block reply
tpactionchasethevote -2 points 2 days ago If today is November 4th, can I get a postmark machine to stamp November 1st on an envelope? permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Yes. Of course this is CHEATING. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 1 points 2 days ago If a person knows how to get a fake ballot, that person likely knows how to get a fake postmark. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago I suspect that even the IRS will soon insist their money be electronically sent to them on or before tax day. They already use a different address for those sending a check, so they can get the money deposited fast. Thus, even the IRS might not accept postmark soon, since 99% of returns are electronically filed. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Yes. Of course this is CHEATING. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 1 points 2 days ago If a person knows how to get a fake ballot, that person likely knows how to get a fake postmark. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago I suspect that even the IRS will soon insist their money be electronically sent to them on or before tax day. They already use a different address for those sending a check, so they can get the money deposited fast. Thus, even the IRS might not accept postmark soon, since 99% of returns are electronically filed. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
tpactionchasethevote 1 points 2 days ago If a person knows how to get a fake ballot, that person likely knows how to get a fake postmark. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago I suspect that even the IRS will soon insist their money be electronically sent to them on or before tax day. They already use a different address for those sending a check, so they can get the money deposited fast. Thus, even the IRS might not accept postmark soon, since 99% of returns are electronically filed. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago I suspect that even the IRS will soon insist their money be electronically sent to them on or before tax day. They already use a different address for those sending a check, so they can get the money deposited fast. Thus, even the IRS might not accept postmark soon, since 99% of returns are electronically filed. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
CaptRied 7 points 2 days ago What is the difference between a mailed ballot being counted that arrived after an election, and a man's vote being counted if he tries to cast it after the polls have been closed ?  They are both late, but begin their journey before the polls were closed. Are the polls closed or not? permalink award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago If the voter arrived before poll closing time, they will still be able to cast a vote, even if it was not cast and received by the election officials until after poll closing time, as all states have laws allowing those there before to cast a ballot. If the USPS DELIVERED the ballot to election officials ON election day it should count but otherwise it is LATE and should not count. No different than the voter that arrived to vote five minutes after poll closing time.  They do not get to have their vote counted either. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 2 days ago One was cast before the polls were closed and one was not. These are ballots time stamped before Election Day. permalink parent award report block reply Freefertilizer 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago If the voter arrived before poll closing time, they will still be able to cast a vote, even if it was not cast and received by the election officials until after poll closing time, as all states have laws allowing those there before to cast a ballot. If the USPS DELIVERED the ballot to election officials ON election day it should count but otherwise it is LATE and should not count. No different than the voter that arrived to vote five minutes after poll closing time.  They do not get to have their vote counted either. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -2 points 2 days ago One was cast before the polls were closed and one was not. These are ballots time stamped before Election Day. permalink parent award report block reply
Freefertilizer 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 6 points 2 days ago Can I bet the horses after the race? permalink award report block reply HoganT -7 points 2 days ago These aren’t ballots cast after Election Day, dumbass. Learn the topic you’re actually talking about. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 2 days ago That's where you're wrong, kiddo. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 2 days ago This is literally a case about counting ballots postmarked before election day. It's literally in the case paper in the post, dumbass. absentee ballots CAST BY ELECTION DAY to be received shortly after that day How does it feel to be so demonstrably wrong that you can be proved so just by a simple scroll up to the top of the post? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 21 hours ago Here's the thing, actual retard. When they cheat, the party marks are fake. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -7 points 2 days ago These aren’t ballots cast after Election Day, dumbass. Learn the topic you’re actually talking about. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 2 days ago That's where you're wrong, kiddo. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 2 days ago This is literally a case about counting ballots postmarked before election day. It's literally in the case paper in the post, dumbass. absentee ballots CAST BY ELECTION DAY to be received shortly after that day How does it feel to be so demonstrably wrong that you can be proved so just by a simple scroll up to the top of the post? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 21 hours ago Here's the thing, actual retard. When they cheat, the party marks are fake. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpInAus 1 points 2 days ago That's where you're wrong, kiddo. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -2 points 2 days ago This is literally a case about counting ballots postmarked before election day. It's literally in the case paper in the post, dumbass. absentee ballots CAST BY ELECTION DAY to be received shortly after that day How does it feel to be so demonstrably wrong that you can be proved so just by a simple scroll up to the top of the post? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 21 hours ago Here's the thing, actual retard. When they cheat, the party marks are fake. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -2 points 2 days ago This is literally a case about counting ballots postmarked before election day. It's literally in the case paper in the post, dumbass. absentee ballots CAST BY ELECTION DAY to be received shortly after that day How does it feel to be so demonstrably wrong that you can be proved so just by a simple scroll up to the top of the post? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpInAus 1 points 21 hours ago Here's the thing, actual retard. When they cheat, the party marks are fake. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpInAus 1 points 21 hours ago Here's the thing, actual retard. When they cheat, the party marks are fake. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 5 points 2 days ago Mail in ballots are a problem on their own and must be stopped Make it a 2 day federal holiday so critical infrastructure people can trade off working days, and have them all.counted by midnight day 2 permalink award report block reply Kek_Johnson 3 points 2 days ago I live in WA. Sucks. I don't even have the chance to vote. I keep getting unregistered for some reason after I keep having to register. I don't get ballots in the mail and there's nowhere for me to vote. Worked with an illegal who had 2 separate registration accounts in CA. He moved to WA and had his mail forwarded from CA and got registration in WA. He bragged that he was able to vote three times. permalink parent award report block reply invalid_data 2 points 2 days ago Yes, this is trying to solve the problem of a problem. The mail in ballots existence is the problem and is something our founders or constitution never even considered. permalink parent award report block reply
Kek_Johnson 3 points 2 days ago I live in WA. Sucks. I don't even have the chance to vote. I keep getting unregistered for some reason after I keep having to register. I don't get ballots in the mail and there's nowhere for me to vote. Worked with an illegal who had 2 separate registration accounts in CA. He moved to WA and had his mail forwarded from CA and got registration in WA. He bragged that he was able to vote three times. permalink parent award report block reply
invalid_data 2 points 2 days ago Yes, this is trying to solve the problem of a problem. The mail in ballots existence is the problem and is something our founders or constitution never even considered. permalink parent award report block reply
Mr_Rightside OP 5 points 2 days ago https://x.com/libsoftiktok/status/1987919233314140609 permalink award report block reply
Carterslvrpilz 5 points 2 days ago We already have proof that the post offices will back date ballots. Blue states are uncontrollable. permalink award report block reply politicsaside 1 points 2 days ago We need to just split up or fight. We can’t continue to try to govern with these demons. permalink parent award report block reply
politicsaside 1 points 2 days ago We need to just split up or fight. We can’t continue to try to govern with these demons. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 5 points 2 days ago Just ban mail-in-ballots altogether. There is no chain of custody. Why is this so hard? permalink award report block reply
Joeret 3 points 2 days ago Prop 50 in California was determined hours after the voting ended. Of course counting ballots after the fact is ludicrous. permalink award report block reply
jml1997 3 points 2 days ago Back before you could do your taxes online, you had to go stand inline at the post office and make sure it was there before midnight. If not it was late. This is just coming with ways to legally cheat. permalink award report block reply HoganT 2 points 2 days ago This is about ballots postmarked before the deadline, just like your example. permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 2 days ago Then we get into the issue of ballots being back dated by the post office.  Everyone is in on the election cheating. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Then that’s a post office issue, a federal entity. Not the voter’s issue. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 2 points 2 days ago This is about ballots postmarked before the deadline, just like your example. permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 2 days ago Then we get into the issue of ballots being back dated by the post office.  Everyone is in on the election cheating. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Then that’s a post office issue, a federal entity. Not the voter’s issue. permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 3 points 2 days ago Then we get into the issue of ballots being back dated by the post office.  Everyone is in on the election cheating. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Then that’s a post office issue, a federal entity. Not the voter’s issue. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Then that’s a post office issue, a federal entity. Not the voter’s issue. permalink parent award report block reply
Roadpower 3 points 2 days ago Paper only, day of, no mail in, military can be phoned in after hand count is done, proof kept for a period of time TBD. Anything else is a vector for fraud. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 2 points 2 days ago They debate the adjective election, meaning when it’s over as a process.   But the real question is what is the definition of the noun “day”.  Election DAY! permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 2 days ago To me, it's when the poles close. DONE. permalink parent award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 1 points 2 days ago To me, it's when the poles close. DONE. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve1 2 points 2 days ago Mail in ballots should all be illegal permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 2 points 2 days ago There’s a big difference between ballots postmarked by Election Day and ballots received by Election Day. The latter is going to make it harder for the Dems to cheat permalink award report block reply HoganT 1 points 2 days ago This case is exclusively about ballots postmarked before Election Day. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 2 days ago This case is exclusively about ballots postmarked before Election Day. permalink parent award report block reply
MythArcana 2 points 2 days ago California was still counting fraudulent ballots all the way into January when Los Angeles was on fire, but we magically got the special election results at 8:30pm on election night? SUM TING WONG permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 2 points 2 days ago If the electors process is set in the Constitution - should not the REST OF THE NATION  USE THAT MODEL... Article II, Section 1 delegates the Electoral College deadlines to Congress: “The Congress may determine the Time of chusing [original spelling] the Electors, and the Day on which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States.” DAY DAY DAY!  Not week, not month, not mail in.... 'DAY' permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Yep, doesn’t say shit about counting. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 2 days ago Yep, doesn’t say shit about counting. permalink parent award report block reply
thisisatestof2 2 points 2 days ago The obvious answer is absolutely not unless than the case of some natural disaster or other emergency that would have prevented them from being delivered in time, say, a mail truck was stuck on a road that got washed out. permalink award report block reply
Washington_Redskins 2 points 2 days ago The only fair and legitimate way to do this, is to allow late mail-in and absentee ballots to be counted until the Democrats can win that election. At least, we know that's what they are doing. permalink award report block reply
realPhantomFuck 2 points 2 days ago That's how they stole the election from Sam Brown here in NV. He won on election night... lost when ballots kept trickling in for a week permalink award report block reply
Chickensaurus 2 points 2 days ago I'd like my gun rights back that Colorado took from all gun owners. I'd like to buy standard capacity magazines, etc. All gun laws need to be removed. permalink award report block reply
Dev404 2 points 2 days ago Those 18 states should have their reps removed for fraud and the people running the election should be fired and fined, severely. permalink award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 2 points 2 days ago Dumb! They need to rule on the legality of even having them. Which is no! permalink award report block reply
Clarice357 2 points 2 days ago If you can count "late" ballots, what's the point of a deadline? permalink award report block reply
Magastreammedia 2 points 2 days ago NO STANDING permalink award report block reply
CommieCrats 2 points 2 days ago Get rid of the machines! permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 2 points 2 days ago Errr SCOTUS does not take cases to affirm them.  It says the fifth circuit rules that you can not count late ballots.  So if SCOTUS reverses then you can count late ballots. permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 2 points 2 days ago No mail in voting at all. The mail is not secure enough permalink award report block reply
Duke442games 1 points 1 day ago The GOP could have sued in 2020, but did NOTHING. FUCK the GOP. permalink award report block reply
Yawnz13 1 points 2 days ago Double-edged sword.  If the court rules against counting after Election Day, the Post Office will commence with their shenanigans with military ballots, etc. permalink award report block reply
Username_here 1 points 2 days ago So why not be able to count 2 years later? There is a reason there is a day to vote. permalink award report block reply
DontBeAFaggot 1 points 1 day ago I hope SCOTUS surprises me on this one. Their last few decisions have been pretty terrible. permalink award report block reply
Texas_81 1 points 2 days ago Then what? We have the majority right now and they’re all not doing shit permalink award report block reply
emorphia 1 points 2 days ago if the dems did not follow election rules , what makes people think they will abide by this ruling ? permalink award report block reply
CanadianMeathead 1 points 2 days ago Only massive if they don't allow it permalink award report block reply
HunterBidensPC 1 points 2 days ago With the government in charge of much of mail delivery, they can target by county or city which ballots get delivered on Election Day This could go either way. What would really solve our problems is HANGING THE FAGGOTS CAUGHT CHEATING IN OUR ELECTIONS permalink award report block reply
Urusovite 1 points 2 days ago Lol. So much faith in this worthless court permalink award report block reply
SorosHasBallsackEyes 1 points 2 days ago How is this even a question? permalink award report block reply
mass55th 1 points 2 days ago You'd think a time-limit for counting votes would have been part of the Bill passed by the State Legislatures that pertained to the use of absentee ballots. permalink award report block reply
TenchuStealthAss 1 points 2 days ago They'll just ignore their own rules--that's what Pennsylvania did. The supreme court in Pennsylvania said despite there being a law that ballots can't be counted after election date, it wouldn't be fair. permalink award report block reply
boolmccool 1 points 2 days ago 5 fucking years too late permalink award report block reply
ckover9000 1 points 2 days ago In addition to mail-on ballots needing to be banned (except in certain outlier cases) the argument that mail-in ballot should be counted after election day is retarded on its face. They know how many they have well before election so they should be staffed in preparation to be able to count them all. Coof paid off ten fold in so many ways. permalink award report block reply
DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago It's Election DAY, not election weeks or months. Ballots get counted THAT FUCKING DAY or the state gets a federal fucking in the ass and a required do-over with FEC watchers at every polling place billed to that state. permalink award report block reply
Scot 1 points 2 days ago Don't count on them to follow the Constitution. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 1 points 2 days ago NO MORE RECIEVING OF BALLOTS ONCE POLES CLOSE. PERIOD!!!! permalink award report block reply
Harvestsmiles 1 points 2 days ago How is it still allowed?
There should be a DOGE style team set up to focus solely on improving the integrity of our elections. Federal elections should have federal guidelines. permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 1 points 2 days ago As if those states care what the law is. Only when people are punished for election fraud with severe consequences, will they care and nothing will be done by Bondi. permalink award report block reply
mohel 1 points 2 days ago Next, SCOTUS will decide if water is wet. permalink award report block reply
Trump-16-20-24-28-32 1 points 2 days ago Let me guess, they are going to hear it on November 31st, 2026. permalink award report block reply
MocksFordComma 1 points 2 days ago Every precinct count DONE one hour after polls close. Every report to the state done within that hour. Not done? Not reported? Doesn't count. Period. Too bad. Find better poll workers. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago Heavily Republican precincts would be the only precincts in every blue state that would never get counted in time. If it was a 60/40 split the communists would gladly disenfranchise their own voters in order to fuck Republican voters. permalink parent award report block reply
DieHeretic 1 points 2 days ago Heavily Republican precincts would be the only precincts in every blue state that would never get counted in time. If it was a 60/40 split the communists would gladly disenfranchise their own voters in order to fuck Republican voters. permalink parent award report block reply
Bueller 1 points 2 days ago "Finding" ballots after the election - demoncrat specialty permalink award report block reply
Spellmonger 1 points 2 days ago What foolishness. permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 1 points 2 days ago These states couldn’t before. They changed laws illegally around their state legislatures and broke the law anyway. permalink award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 2 days ago No Standing! permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 1 points 2 days ago just end mail-in ballots entirely permalink award report block reply
throttlejohnson 1 points 2 days ago its already law. just enforce it. case closed. permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 2 days ago Vote in person!! And there will be no problem ‼️ permalink award report block reply
dtrap 1 points 2 days ago The fact we even have to do this shows how far certain groups have fallen. permalink award report block reply
Shibbs70 1 points 2 days ago Imagine arguing not having to pay interest on your taxes owed because you mailed it "close enough" to the due date... These fuckers don't pay taxes though, so this argument will only make sense to the folks here. permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Welllll...we're WAITING.... permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 1 points 2 days ago According to the clear language of the Constitution, early voting should also be prohibited. permalink award report block reply
coffee_grdr 1 points 2 days ago this should be a slam dunk! we either have rules or we dont.  if the supreme court says elections dont need rules, then why should anyone follow laws they try to uphold?!? the whole idea of american elections is that they are always fair and cant be rigged.  but that idea is based on having strict rules that every state must follow.  without those rules we cant assume our elections are fair. not allowing the counting ballots after election day is a good start, but just as important is that states and counties not be allowed to delete election results after an election, like was done in maracopa county! no other government agency is allowed to delete government records without waiting many years first.  this one act makes it impossible to assume our elections are fair! permalink award report block reply
Mechanicalmind 1 points 2 days ago Doesn’t matter what Supreme Court says, lower circuit judges run the country. Supreme Court is a joke at this point permalink award report block reply
Fangerang 1 points 2 days ago Glad we need the Supreme Court to weigh in on something that should be blatantly obvious to anyone that's not completely retarded. permalink award report block reply
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago The key words are "submitted to", or stated another way "in the possession of election officials" ON election day. Being in the possession of the post office and NOT YET in the possession of election officials ON election day does not meet that standard. permalink award report block reply
Tailgunnerjoe 1 points 2 days ago Congress can ban mail in ballots
Section 4 The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink award report block reply
Creepy_Joe 1 points 2 days ago They are going to rule that it's OK to count ballots that show up to 4 years after the election. permalink award report block reply
Cyclepath55 1 points 2 days ago It's called ELECTION DAY for fucks sake. permalink award report block reply
AfterGlow 1 points 2 days ago They left out the word "blue." It should be "18 blue states currently allow late ballots...". permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Counting ballots? How about we verify these sketchy pieces of paper. permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 1 points 2 days ago You mean I can't wander into the courthouse on Friday and say "hey, ya'll got any more of them ballots?" permalink award report block reply
LLegendary 1 points 2 days ago That'd be so stupid.  They could back-date ballots and turn in how many they need.  But yeh...they will cheat one way or another.  Republican votes will magically show up too late. permalink award report block reply
Aintlifegrand2010 1 points 2 days ago Foster V Love permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 2 days ago Amy gonna look at her black adopted children, shed a tear and vote against Trump “I’m a woman hear me roar” permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks -3 points 2 days ago Distraction after Distraction. Pass the Bread. What time is the Circus? permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 5 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply