1116 100 year old UK veteran: “winning the war wasn’t worth it for what this country has become” posted 5 days ago by IlhansBrother 127 comments award share report block Inevitable West @Inevitablewest • 5d 🚨BREAKING: British veteran breaks down live on TV over state of the country: "Rows and rows of white tombs for what? A country of today? No, I'm sorry. The sacrifice wasn't worth the result. I fought for freedom, and it's darn-sight worse now than when I fought."
127 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save militantnationalist6 115 points 5 days ago While the foreigner nods his head and the woman lies to his face knowing most likely she’ll vote for any left wing social experiment that she’s told to vote for. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 60 points 5 days ago ☝ Absolutely vile POSs. My heart aches the same as that brave veteran. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 46 points 5 days ago She didn’t even lie, directly, but by omission.  “I’m sorry IF you feel that way” I’m not admitting it is that way if it is that way I’m not acknowledging it I’m certainly not saying specifically what you mean, even though we all know but I’m going to give you a non-apology that doesn’t address the issue and sound as kind as I can doing this Pedes, beware of people in your life who apologize to you “IF you are hurt”. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 11 points 5 days ago It is important if an ‘if’ is included in such a statement. It is important to pay attention for such a trick, but in this case I listened and I did not hear her use “if.”
I heard: “I’m sorry you feel like that.”
Which is still crappy and doesn’t agree with how he feels but isn’t as corrupt as adding an ‘if’ in there. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago And we have one Sociopath among us..... permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 15 points 5 days ago The first thing I saw when I watched this. He is referring to the two multicultural members sitting next to him. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 13 points 5 days ago Dude what the fuck did I just watch? Smiling stewardesses gifting him a fucking CD and smiling like he didn't just say what he said. They basically just panicked and then ignored what he said like some north Korean Potemkin broadcast gone awry. As if those watching dont see through it. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 10 points 5 days ago It turned my stomach to watch that. He’s 100% right. I wish Tommy walked into that broadcast and told the presenters off, and then assured the brave vet on his 100th birthday that it’s time for another Christian crusade and it’s already begun. And the Tommy would get arrested again, and the NHS would come take the old pensioner to the NICE board to set up his euthanasia appointment. Because there are more brown people coming who need his home, pension, and  healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 4 points 5 days ago "I'm sorry you feel that way" is the ultimate gas light. Fuck them. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... corporateshizer 81 points 5 days ago Brit: "Fighting World War 2 wasn't worth it." Pakistani invader: "What do you mean?" Oh the irony. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 28 points 5 days ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply TheOneWhoKnocks 23 points 5 days ago To my ear, the Paki was clearly fishing for some kind statement that he could call "fascist". That is the real irony. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 24 points 5 days ago He absolutely went straight into little bitch snake mode with that question. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 9 points 5 days ago I was told that he was the "original antifa". You know, indistinguishable from the tranny pedophile raping your kids. permalink parent award report block reply RealRedneck 1 points 5 days ago He was promptly arrested after the interview. permalink parent award report block reply Fecklessgod 5 points 5 days ago Not to twist what he said but I wonder if he feels life would have been better under the Nazis. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago That wouldn't have even been a concern if that snake Churchill hasn't done everything in his power to push Germany to war. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 5 days ago Everyone figures it out sooner or later. Hitler's whole premise is that Germany was to be for the Volk, and to re-form the lands of the Holy Roman Empire - the First Reich. He also identified that Germany has been corrupted by a foreign people who had weaseled their way into power, taking control of the financial and media industries and were corrupted Germany from within. He saw that they were not Germans, and didn't care about the German people, so he tried to deport them en masse. He created policies that compelled them to emigrate out of Germany under the Madagascar Plan.  When they refused to leave, he built several "Alligator Alcatrazes" where he could keep them humanely until it was time for them to be sent out of Germany. They were fed, sheltered and entertained. Although people now say he kept kids in cages. After decades of propaganda in the West by the very people Hitler realized were a threat to his people, the smarter among us eventually realize that like all things, we have been lied to about this. We don't believe that Hitler had "yellow cake", or was developing weapons of mass destruction. We don't believe that his soldiers went into Kuwait's hospitals and ripped premature babies out of incubators and crushed them under their boots. This is a big problem for them. Was Hitler perfect? Of course not. He was just a man who loved Germany and wanted to see it powerful after the humiliation of WW1. But it amazes me after all these years he is the ultimate villain of WW2, even though it was the Japanese who directly attacked the United States. But Hirohito is not mentioned with such vehemence, and I doubt you could ask someone under 30 who led the Japanese in WW2 and get the correct answer, even though Japan committed terrible, verifiable atrocities in that war. At some point, you have to ask yourself why that is. permalink parent award report block reply MickHigan2 60 points 5 days ago They fought and died so his grand children would be poor and destitute. We still have faggots on this board that think WWII was a good thing and that "Muh Hitler" is the worst man to ever walk this earth. permalink award report block reply Elencher 37 points 5 days ago Shoulda allied with the guy who was willing to sacrifice his entire army to strike at the beating heart of global communism. It's an absolute fucking tragedy for the millions of Russias who died thinking they were defending their country instead of their jewish occupiers, but ultimately eliminating the USSR in the 40s would have made for a vastly better world and a faster path to a functional Russia as well. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 17 points 5 days ago Europe should have backed up the Tsar when the commies were first trying to overthrow him. Unfortunately Europe was already utterly controlled by the "money power". permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 14 points 5 days ago I got pictures of my great great grandpa in his white russian uniform right before they fought the bolsheviks.  My family were stipped of all the businesses and silver and salt mines they used to own and all their properties, and were then exiled or executed. Fun fact, the jew family the bolsheviks gave our manor to still live in it.  My uncle has been trying for decades to get it back as they still have the original deeds, but this jew family wont budge from it.  They claim its theirs now. My Family has hated communism for well over 100 years. permalink parent award report block reply bg4u 7 points 5 days ago That manor was promised to them 3000 years ago. You owe them rent for occupying it until they could reclaim it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 22 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak -2 points 5 days ago You wanted to surrender to the guy who openly told other countries he'd enslave them and replace their population. You wouldn't have been born. permalink parent award report block reply TexasRoofing 44 points 5 days ago I feel the same way as an Iraq and Afghanistan veteran. We are so naive as young men. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 22 points 5 days ago Even back then it was obvious Iraq was bullshit. Even if you believe the official 9/11 narrative, Iraq had absolutely nothing to do with it, and even if you believed that they had "weapons of mass destruction" (who actually believed that lie though?), it was still not our problem or any of our business. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 13 points 5 days ago Iraq wasn't a threat to us, but they were to israel. Our governemt doesn't serve us. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 12 points 5 days ago The withdrawal didn’t help that feeling deep in the pit of the stomach. Serving for lies and doubling down on the harm inflicted on others under the guise of virtue. The naivety scars ache deeper as we age in understanding. You hear them in the crack of his voice. I feel his words when he speaks of seeing life in a less free state than when we went to war for better. It hurts to know the pains we suffered for “right” ended up being pointless. The deaths, the friends lost, the forever scars, for what? permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 37 points 5 days ago WW2 Veteran, "My friends and I fought and died for this? This country is worse!" Reporter, "I'm sorry you feel that way." (Even though I voted to make it this way) "Don't talk about the state of the country, here are some pretty women." permalink award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 21 points 5 days ago If she wouldn't have interrupted/distracted him I believe what he was going to say would have been epic. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 5 days ago They... aren't pretty. And I think at least 1 is a dude. permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 4 points 5 days ago You're right, they are ugly but I bet his eyesight isn't what it used to be permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 37 points 5 days ago Why does the West show all the signs of losing a war when it "won?" permalink award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 19 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -10 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. Convenient that you overlook how the Nazis and Communists were only at war after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 13 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Wish we didn't, the resulting world is a mess. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -3 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Are you forgetting or ignoring how Nazi Germany and Communist Russia were originally allies at the beginning of World War II? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Leporidae 5 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, and the commie uprisings in Germany that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, As if white Christians were the only people that the white Communists murdered. and the commie uprisings in Germany What Communist uprisings? that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. He wasn't voted into power. He was given power to avoid a political crisis, then proceeded to maneuver his way into being appointed unquestioned dictator and doing away with elections and anyone who could threaten him. And then he proceeded to side with Communist Russia until after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 15 points 5 days ago Why does the West show all the signs of losing a war when it "won?" Because the price of freedom is eternal vigilance, and we didn't remain vigilant. permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 11 points 5 days ago Oh yeah? And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -13 points 5 days ago And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? Said as if Germany was just minding its own business and then one day, out of nowhere, for no reason at all, America just up and went "Let's declare war on Germany". permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 9 points 5 days ago AmericanJawa used deflect: Not very effective. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SteveRogers42 8 points 5 days ago If Britain and France had stayed out of war with Germany, they would still have their Empires, and this tsunami of Turd World invasion would have never happened. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply TheBigPastrami 13 points 5 days ago Because the fatal flaw of real freedom is that you are free to undermine it. You can only preserve real freedoms if everyone is on the same page about doing so. When half the country is ok with getting rid of freedom if it means they’ll get their way, it’s going to happen permalink parent award report block reply redinmn 25 points 5 days ago He will be remembered for far longer than either of the two parasite hosts asking him questions.  They will fade, he will be remembered for his willingness to speak the truth. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 19 points 5 days ago The EU betrayed all of Europe... but it betrayed the WWII soldier the most - by far. permalink award report block reply Leporidae 6 points 5 days ago The EU was founded in order to drown the European countries in a brown flood until race mixing made them easier to rule. Look up the writings of Count Kalergi. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 19 points 5 days ago That is tough to watch indeed. Prayers up for this patriot. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago Amen. permalink parent award report block reply HunterBidensPC 14 points 5 days ago This cunts response makes me so much angrier “Sorry you feel that way” permalink award report block reply tooanalytical 13 points 5 days ago Heartbreaking. This man protected his homeland against true evil only to see it be consumed by true evil. What a horrific way to live your twilight years. God bless this man and hold him close to you. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 16 points 5 days ago Nazis weren't as bad as this shit show we got now full of liberal satanic whites and Muslims and Jews running the show. permalink parent award report block reply arebee 9 points 5 days ago The only thing nazis were guilty of was getting rid of all this shit in weimar Germany. If we get rid of all the degeneracy in the west, we will be remembered the same if we lose permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 5 days ago Maybe not in Germany. The French, the poles, the British were killed by the truckload by Germans. They had good reason to fight them. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 12 points 5 days ago The woman wants to shut down the conversation. The man wants to explore the idea. The feminization of society and the destruction it brings is real. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 13 points 5 days ago He doesnt want to explore. He wants to bait the old man into saying something he can construe as racist for the audience because he knows how impactful that man was live on air and the "pretend nothing happened" reaction only made it worse. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 2 points 5 days ago That could be true as well, but "freedom" of citizens(subjects?) has nothing to do with race. Locking people up or not enforcing law is racially neutral. Granted, I do completely understand what you are saying and realize that the establishment is doing the polar opposite. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 1 points 5 days ago Well. She had to have the tarted up 1945 WACs present him with a CD…of his old-timey songs. What a disgrace. permalink parent award report block reply RandyQuaidsBeard 9 points 5 days ago Oh that fucking cunt said she's so grateful. Bullshit! They're not grateful and the proof is what they've allowed their Nation to become after those men's sacrifice. I wish the old guy had the strength to clip that bitch in the jaw after she said that! permalink award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 8 points 5 days ago Fuck you, bitch. You are the problem apologizing for the Haji's telling Britons to accept their new masters. permalink award report block reply YesImWhite 7 points 5 days ago Used as a prop. permalink award report block reply Treintrientje 5 points 5 days ago Here we got you a cd with worthless crap license-free songs for putting your life on the line so that we could endanger every white persons life in danger on behalf of that one country you are not meant to mention. These one or 2 years might be the last chance the West has to put an end to the invasion and these 2 cunts are doing everything they can to prevent whiteys forming any alliance. If the West falls it's mostly journalisms fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 5 days ago Britain is done already. Some other countries might stand a chance. Britain's only chance is, sadly, to fight, but what they're unwilling to understand is, fighting is at this point their destiny, they have no choice, it is going to happen whether they want it or not, and the longer they wait the more likely they are to lose. I expect that they won't wale up all the way before it is too late, either way it's going to be devastating and I wish this weren't the case. permalink parent award report block reply Treintrientje 1 points 5 days ago If we (Europeans) had a somewhat functioning media this would never have happened but the ghost of Adolf is still very present in every news corp so we are only allowed to find the evil in our own midst: if we were allowed to look outward we might find the evil among the strangers: and that's xenofobia and/or antisemitism. Blerch. Shitty situation all around. permalink parent award report block reply YesImWhite 1 points 5 days ago Wheres Richard the Lionheart permalink parent award report block reply Coprolite 6 points 5 days ago He did the meme permalink award report block reply thisaintitchief76 5 points 5 days ago This is how most vets feel. But there is nothing they can do about it. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago This is how most vets feel. But there is nothing they can do about it. Of course there is. Many are fighting back. Join us! permalink parent award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 5 points 5 days ago Well, no offence, but that's what happens when you help communists win a war. permalink award report block reply clownworld30330 4 points 5 days ago He should have called out her worse than useless voting for statists permalink award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 3 points 5 days ago shoulda said "We used to stack faggots like you 3 deep like chorwood" permalink award report block reply Dev404 3 points 5 days ago This happened because of feminists. That's who happily sold everything for their worthless feelings. permalink award report block reply Freedomnuggs 3 points 5 days ago When you make an oldman cry over the state of your country, you know its bad permalink award report block reply Ganeshshu 3 points 5 days ago At least their not speaking German. permalink award report block reply geekesmind 3 points 5 days ago We fought the wrong enemy in WW2 STALIN AND CHURCHILL WERE THE REAL THREATS permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 2 points 5 days ago https://youtu.be/AcSE9MdUKVc permalink award report block reply chahn1138 2 points 5 days ago What do you mean by that? You are quite a Fresh Nog, aren't you? permalink award report block reply lilbuffkitty1 2 points 5 days ago "I'm sorry you feel that way" she is the problem permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 2 points 5 days ago What a travesty these tv clowns are. How about saying " you are so right you gave just about all, for NOTHING" Got a socialist soon to become muslum country. He fought for just the opposite. My hat is off to you SIR. 🫡 permalink award report block reply muppeton 2 points 5 days ago Her and her kids are NOT grateful for him. In their minds, he's an old (likely conservative) white man who will become irrelevant (in their lives anyway) after death. permalink award report block reply 62jawbill 2 points 5 days ago Absolutely based, top kek. permalink award report block reply FUCK_TYLER 2 points 5 days ago 😢 permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 5 days ago No, it was not... permalink award report block reply FallenOne 1 points 5 days ago That old Hero is wishing now he would have switched sides. What is being done is despicable. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 5 days ago GWOT Vets enter the chat permalink award report block reply MayorOfCentralia 1 points 5 days ago We completely destroyed the world you fought to save. Here's a CD. permalink award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 5 days ago Thing is, 30 or 40 years ago he probably would have said it was worth it. permalink award report block reply ncswicn 1 points 5 days ago 💔Heartbreaking! 💔 permalink award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 5 days ago Stupid bitch. permalink award report block reply pedespeed 1 points 5 days ago 😢 permalink award report block reply Monzie 1 points 5 days ago The country is screwed, but here's a stupid token thing, congrats permalink award report block reply Plutossextape1 1 points 5 days ago We might need WW3 to save the world. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 1 points 5 days ago How sad for him.  Even sadder is that he is correct. permalink award report block reply Eddie_Vanjovi 1 points 5 days ago Islam is the most evil thing imaginable. permalink award report block reply Meathe 1 points 5 days ago "We will do"  ... no you won't. permalink award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago At least they’re not speaking German. permalink award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
militantnationalist6 115 points 5 days ago While the foreigner nods his head and the woman lies to his face knowing most likely she’ll vote for any left wing social experiment that she’s told to vote for. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 60 points 5 days ago ☝ Absolutely vile POSs. My heart aches the same as that brave veteran. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 46 points 5 days ago She didn’t even lie, directly, but by omission.  “I’m sorry IF you feel that way” I’m not admitting it is that way if it is that way I’m not acknowledging it I’m certainly not saying specifically what you mean, even though we all know but I’m going to give you a non-apology that doesn’t address the issue and sound as kind as I can doing this Pedes, beware of people in your life who apologize to you “IF you are hurt”. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 11 points 5 days ago It is important if an ‘if’ is included in such a statement. It is important to pay attention for such a trick, but in this case I listened and I did not hear her use “if.”
I heard: “I’m sorry you feel like that.”
Which is still crappy and doesn’t agree with how he feels but isn’t as corrupt as adding an ‘if’ in there. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago And we have one Sociopath among us..... permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 15 points 5 days ago The first thing I saw when I watched this. He is referring to the two multicultural members sitting next to him. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 13 points 5 days ago Dude what the fuck did I just watch? Smiling stewardesses gifting him a fucking CD and smiling like he didn't just say what he said. They basically just panicked and then ignored what he said like some north Korean Potemkin broadcast gone awry. As if those watching dont see through it. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 10 points 5 days ago It turned my stomach to watch that. He’s 100% right. I wish Tommy walked into that broadcast and told the presenters off, and then assured the brave vet on his 100th birthday that it’s time for another Christian crusade and it’s already begun. And the Tommy would get arrested again, and the NHS would come take the old pensioner to the NICE board to set up his euthanasia appointment. Because there are more brown people coming who need his home, pension, and  healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 4 points 5 days ago "I'm sorry you feel that way" is the ultimate gas light. Fuck them. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
MastaJoda 60 points 5 days ago ☝ Absolutely vile POSs. My heart aches the same as that brave veteran. permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 46 points 5 days ago She didn’t even lie, directly, but by omission.  “I’m sorry IF you feel that way” I’m not admitting it is that way if it is that way I’m not acknowledging it I’m certainly not saying specifically what you mean, even though we all know but I’m going to give you a non-apology that doesn’t address the issue and sound as kind as I can doing this Pedes, beware of people in your life who apologize to you “IF you are hurt”. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 11 points 5 days ago It is important if an ‘if’ is included in such a statement. It is important to pay attention for such a trick, but in this case I listened and I did not hear her use “if.”
I heard: “I’m sorry you feel like that.”
Which is still crappy and doesn’t agree with how he feels but isn’t as corrupt as adding an ‘if’ in there. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago And we have one Sociopath among us..... permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 11 points 5 days ago It is important if an ‘if’ is included in such a statement. It is important to pay attention for such a trick, but in this case I listened and I did not hear her use “if.”
I heard: “I’m sorry you feel like that.”
Which is still crappy and doesn’t agree with how he feels but isn’t as corrupt as adding an ‘if’ in there. permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago And we have one Sociopath among us..... permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 15 points 5 days ago The first thing I saw when I watched this. He is referring to the two multicultural members sitting next to him. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 13 points 5 days ago Dude what the fuck did I just watch? Smiling stewardesses gifting him a fucking CD and smiling like he didn't just say what he said. They basically just panicked and then ignored what he said like some north Korean Potemkin broadcast gone awry. As if those watching dont see through it. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 10 points 5 days ago It turned my stomach to watch that. He’s 100% right. I wish Tommy walked into that broadcast and told the presenters off, and then assured the brave vet on his 100th birthday that it’s time for another Christian crusade and it’s already begun. And the Tommy would get arrested again, and the NHS would come take the old pensioner to the NICE board to set up his euthanasia appointment. Because there are more brown people coming who need his home, pension, and  healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply
Suckitreddit 10 points 5 days ago It turned my stomach to watch that. He’s 100% right. I wish Tommy walked into that broadcast and told the presenters off, and then assured the brave vet on his 100th birthday that it’s time for another Christian crusade and it’s already begun. And the Tommy would get arrested again, and the NHS would come take the old pensioner to the NICE board to set up his euthanasia appointment. Because there are more brown people coming who need his home, pension, and  healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply
45ichooseu 4 points 5 days ago "I'm sorry you feel that way" is the ultimate gas light. Fuck them. permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 81 points 5 days ago Brit: "Fighting World War 2 wasn't worth it." Pakistani invader: "What do you mean?" Oh the irony. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 28 points 5 days ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply TheOneWhoKnocks 23 points 5 days ago To my ear, the Paki was clearly fishing for some kind statement that he could call "fascist". That is the real irony. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 24 points 5 days ago He absolutely went straight into little bitch snake mode with that question. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 9 points 5 days ago I was told that he was the "original antifa". You know, indistinguishable from the tranny pedophile raping your kids. permalink parent award report block reply RealRedneck 1 points 5 days ago He was promptly arrested after the interview. permalink parent award report block reply Fecklessgod 5 points 5 days ago Not to twist what he said but I wonder if he feels life would have been better under the Nazis. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago That wouldn't have even been a concern if that snake Churchill hasn't done everything in his power to push Germany to war. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 5 days ago Everyone figures it out sooner or later. Hitler's whole premise is that Germany was to be for the Volk, and to re-form the lands of the Holy Roman Empire - the First Reich. He also identified that Germany has been corrupted by a foreign people who had weaseled their way into power, taking control of the financial and media industries and were corrupted Germany from within. He saw that they were not Germans, and didn't care about the German people, so he tried to deport them en masse. He created policies that compelled them to emigrate out of Germany under the Madagascar Plan.  When they refused to leave, he built several "Alligator Alcatrazes" where he could keep them humanely until it was time for them to be sent out of Germany. They were fed, sheltered and entertained. Although people now say he kept kids in cages. After decades of propaganda in the West by the very people Hitler realized were a threat to his people, the smarter among us eventually realize that like all things, we have been lied to about this. We don't believe that Hitler had "yellow cake", or was developing weapons of mass destruction. We don't believe that his soldiers went into Kuwait's hospitals and ripped premature babies out of incubators and crushed them under their boots. This is a big problem for them. Was Hitler perfect? Of course not. He was just a man who loved Germany and wanted to see it powerful after the humiliation of WW1. But it amazes me after all these years he is the ultimate villain of WW2, even though it was the Japanese who directly attacked the United States. But Hirohito is not mentioned with such vehemence, and I doubt you could ask someone under 30 who led the Japanese in WW2 and get the correct answer, even though Japan committed terrible, verifiable atrocities in that war. At some point, you have to ask yourself why that is. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 28 points 5 days ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply
TheOneWhoKnocks 23 points 5 days ago To my ear, the Paki was clearly fishing for some kind statement that he could call "fascist". That is the real irony. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 24 points 5 days ago He absolutely went straight into little bitch snake mode with that question. permalink parent award report block reply permissible_missile 9 points 5 days ago I was told that he was the "original antifa". You know, indistinguishable from the tranny pedophile raping your kids. permalink parent award report block reply RealRedneck 1 points 5 days ago He was promptly arrested after the interview. permalink parent award report block reply
Electrocutioner 24 points 5 days ago He absolutely went straight into little bitch snake mode with that question. permalink parent award report block reply
permissible_missile 9 points 5 days ago I was told that he was the "original antifa". You know, indistinguishable from the tranny pedophile raping your kids. permalink parent award report block reply
RealRedneck 1 points 5 days ago He was promptly arrested after the interview. permalink parent award report block reply
Fecklessgod 5 points 5 days ago Not to twist what he said but I wonder if he feels life would have been better under the Nazis. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago That wouldn't have even been a concern if that snake Churchill hasn't done everything in his power to push Germany to war. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 5 days ago Everyone figures it out sooner or later. Hitler's whole premise is that Germany was to be for the Volk, and to re-form the lands of the Holy Roman Empire - the First Reich. He also identified that Germany has been corrupted by a foreign people who had weaseled their way into power, taking control of the financial and media industries and were corrupted Germany from within. He saw that they were not Germans, and didn't care about the German people, so he tried to deport them en masse. He created policies that compelled them to emigrate out of Germany under the Madagascar Plan.  When they refused to leave, he built several "Alligator Alcatrazes" where he could keep them humanely until it was time for them to be sent out of Germany. They were fed, sheltered and entertained. Although people now say he kept kids in cages. After decades of propaganda in the West by the very people Hitler realized were a threat to his people, the smarter among us eventually realize that like all things, we have been lied to about this. We don't believe that Hitler had "yellow cake", or was developing weapons of mass destruction. We don't believe that his soldiers went into Kuwait's hospitals and ripped premature babies out of incubators and crushed them under their boots. This is a big problem for them. Was Hitler perfect? Of course not. He was just a man who loved Germany and wanted to see it powerful after the humiliation of WW1. But it amazes me after all these years he is the ultimate villain of WW2, even though it was the Japanese who directly attacked the United States. But Hirohito is not mentioned with such vehemence, and I doubt you could ask someone under 30 who led the Japanese in WW2 and get the correct answer, even though Japan committed terrible, verifiable atrocities in that war. At some point, you have to ask yourself why that is. permalink parent award report block reply
AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago That wouldn't have even been a concern if that snake Churchill hasn't done everything in his power to push Germany to war. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 5 days ago Everyone figures it out sooner or later. Hitler's whole premise is that Germany was to be for the Volk, and to re-form the lands of the Holy Roman Empire - the First Reich. He also identified that Germany has been corrupted by a foreign people who had weaseled their way into power, taking control of the financial and media industries and were corrupted Germany from within. He saw that they were not Germans, and didn't care about the German people, so he tried to deport them en masse. He created policies that compelled them to emigrate out of Germany under the Madagascar Plan.  When they refused to leave, he built several "Alligator Alcatrazes" where he could keep them humanely until it was time for them to be sent out of Germany. They were fed, sheltered and entertained. Although people now say he kept kids in cages. After decades of propaganda in the West by the very people Hitler realized were a threat to his people, the smarter among us eventually realize that like all things, we have been lied to about this. We don't believe that Hitler had "yellow cake", or was developing weapons of mass destruction. We don't believe that his soldiers went into Kuwait's hospitals and ripped premature babies out of incubators and crushed them under their boots. This is a big problem for them. Was Hitler perfect? Of course not. He was just a man who loved Germany and wanted to see it powerful after the humiliation of WW1. But it amazes me after all these years he is the ultimate villain of WW2, even though it was the Japanese who directly attacked the United States. But Hirohito is not mentioned with such vehemence, and I doubt you could ask someone under 30 who led the Japanese in WW2 and get the correct answer, even though Japan committed terrible, verifiable atrocities in that war. At some point, you have to ask yourself why that is. permalink parent award report block reply
MickHigan2 60 points 5 days ago They fought and died so his grand children would be poor and destitute. We still have faggots on this board that think WWII was a good thing and that "Muh Hitler" is the worst man to ever walk this earth. permalink award report block reply Elencher 37 points 5 days ago Shoulda allied with the guy who was willing to sacrifice his entire army to strike at the beating heart of global communism. It's an absolute fucking tragedy for the millions of Russias who died thinking they were defending their country instead of their jewish occupiers, but ultimately eliminating the USSR in the 40s would have made for a vastly better world and a faster path to a functional Russia as well. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 17 points 5 days ago Europe should have backed up the Tsar when the commies were first trying to overthrow him. Unfortunately Europe was already utterly controlled by the "money power". permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 14 points 5 days ago I got pictures of my great great grandpa in his white russian uniform right before they fought the bolsheviks.  My family were stipped of all the businesses and silver and salt mines they used to own and all their properties, and were then exiled or executed. Fun fact, the jew family the bolsheviks gave our manor to still live in it.  My uncle has been trying for decades to get it back as they still have the original deeds, but this jew family wont budge from it.  They claim its theirs now. My Family has hated communism for well over 100 years. permalink parent award report block reply bg4u 7 points 5 days ago That manor was promised to them 3000 years ago. You owe them rent for occupying it until they could reclaim it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 22 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak -2 points 5 days ago You wanted to surrender to the guy who openly told other countries he'd enslave them and replace their population. You wouldn't have been born. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 37 points 5 days ago Shoulda allied with the guy who was willing to sacrifice his entire army to strike at the beating heart of global communism. It's an absolute fucking tragedy for the millions of Russias who died thinking they were defending their country instead of their jewish occupiers, but ultimately eliminating the USSR in the 40s would have made for a vastly better world and a faster path to a functional Russia as well. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 17 points 5 days ago Europe should have backed up the Tsar when the commies were first trying to overthrow him. Unfortunately Europe was already utterly controlled by the "money power". permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 14 points 5 days ago I got pictures of my great great grandpa in his white russian uniform right before they fought the bolsheviks.  My family were stipped of all the businesses and silver and salt mines they used to own and all their properties, and were then exiled or executed. Fun fact, the jew family the bolsheviks gave our manor to still live in it.  My uncle has been trying for decades to get it back as they still have the original deeds, but this jew family wont budge from it.  They claim its theirs now. My Family has hated communism for well over 100 years. permalink parent award report block reply bg4u 7 points 5 days ago That manor was promised to them 3000 years ago. You owe them rent for occupying it until they could reclaim it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 22 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 17 points 5 days ago Europe should have backed up the Tsar when the commies were first trying to overthrow him. Unfortunately Europe was already utterly controlled by the "money power". permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 14 points 5 days ago I got pictures of my great great grandpa in his white russian uniform right before they fought the bolsheviks.  My family were stipped of all the businesses and silver and salt mines they used to own and all their properties, and were then exiled or executed. Fun fact, the jew family the bolsheviks gave our manor to still live in it.  My uncle has been trying for decades to get it back as they still have the original deeds, but this jew family wont budge from it.  They claim its theirs now. My Family has hated communism for well over 100 years. permalink parent award report block reply bg4u 7 points 5 days ago That manor was promised to them 3000 years ago. You owe them rent for occupying it until they could reclaim it. permalink parent award report block reply
KarameloKamala 14 points 5 days ago I got pictures of my great great grandpa in his white russian uniform right before they fought the bolsheviks.  My family were stipped of all the businesses and silver and salt mines they used to own and all their properties, and were then exiled or executed. Fun fact, the jew family the bolsheviks gave our manor to still live in it.  My uncle has been trying for decades to get it back as they still have the original deeds, but this jew family wont budge from it.  They claim its theirs now. My Family has hated communism for well over 100 years. permalink parent award report block reply bg4u 7 points 5 days ago That manor was promised to them 3000 years ago. You owe them rent for occupying it until they could reclaim it. permalink parent award report block reply
bg4u 7 points 5 days ago That manor was promised to them 3000 years ago. You owe them rent for occupying it until they could reclaim it. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 22 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak -2 points 5 days ago You wanted to surrender to the guy who openly told other countries he'd enslave them and replace their population. You wouldn't have been born. permalink parent award report block reply
TexasRoofing 44 points 5 days ago I feel the same way as an Iraq and Afghanistan veteran. We are so naive as young men. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 22 points 5 days ago Even back then it was obvious Iraq was bullshit. Even if you believe the official 9/11 narrative, Iraq had absolutely nothing to do with it, and even if you believed that they had "weapons of mass destruction" (who actually believed that lie though?), it was still not our problem or any of our business. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 13 points 5 days ago Iraq wasn't a threat to us, but they were to israel. Our governemt doesn't serve us. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 12 points 5 days ago The withdrawal didn’t help that feeling deep in the pit of the stomach. Serving for lies and doubling down on the harm inflicted on others under the guise of virtue. The naivety scars ache deeper as we age in understanding. You hear them in the crack of his voice. I feel his words when he speaks of seeing life in a less free state than when we went to war for better. It hurts to know the pains we suffered for “right” ended up being pointless. The deaths, the friends lost, the forever scars, for what? permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 22 points 5 days ago Even back then it was obvious Iraq was bullshit. Even if you believe the official 9/11 narrative, Iraq had absolutely nothing to do with it, and even if you believed that they had "weapons of mass destruction" (who actually believed that lie though?), it was still not our problem or any of our business. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 13 points 5 days ago Iraq wasn't a threat to us, but they were to israel. Our governemt doesn't serve us. permalink parent award report block reply
AgnosticTemplar 13 points 5 days ago Iraq wasn't a threat to us, but they were to israel. Our governemt doesn't serve us. permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 12 points 5 days ago The withdrawal didn’t help that feeling deep in the pit of the stomach. Serving for lies and doubling down on the harm inflicted on others under the guise of virtue. The naivety scars ache deeper as we age in understanding. You hear them in the crack of his voice. I feel his words when he speaks of seeing life in a less free state than when we went to war for better. It hurts to know the pains we suffered for “right” ended up being pointless. The deaths, the friends lost, the forever scars, for what? permalink parent award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 37 points 5 days ago WW2 Veteran, "My friends and I fought and died for this? This country is worse!" Reporter, "I'm sorry you feel that way." (Even though I voted to make it this way) "Don't talk about the state of the country, here are some pretty women." permalink award report block reply BidensPrisonWallet 21 points 5 days ago If she wouldn't have interrupted/distracted him I believe what he was going to say would have been epic. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 5 days ago They... aren't pretty. And I think at least 1 is a dude. permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 4 points 5 days ago You're right, they are ugly but I bet his eyesight isn't what it used to be permalink parent award report block reply
BidensPrisonWallet 21 points 5 days ago If she wouldn't have interrupted/distracted him I believe what he was going to say would have been epic. permalink parent award report block reply
EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 9 points 5 days ago They... aren't pretty. And I think at least 1 is a dude. permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 4 points 5 days ago You're right, they are ugly but I bet his eyesight isn't what it used to be permalink parent award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 4 points 5 days ago You're right, they are ugly but I bet his eyesight isn't what it used to be permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 37 points 5 days ago Why does the West show all the signs of losing a war when it "won?" permalink award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 19 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -10 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. Convenient that you overlook how the Nazis and Communists were only at war after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 13 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Wish we didn't, the resulting world is a mess. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -3 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Are you forgetting or ignoring how Nazi Germany and Communist Russia were originally allies at the beginning of World War II? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Leporidae 5 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, and the commie uprisings in Germany that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, As if white Christians were the only people that the white Communists murdered. and the commie uprisings in Germany What Communist uprisings? that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. He wasn't voted into power. He was given power to avoid a political crisis, then proceeded to maneuver his way into being appointed unquestioned dictator and doing away with elections and anyone who could threaten him. And then he proceeded to side with Communist Russia until after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 15 points 5 days ago Why does the West show all the signs of losing a war when it "won?" Because the price of freedom is eternal vigilance, and we didn't remain vigilant. permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 11 points 5 days ago Oh yeah? And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -13 points 5 days ago And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? Said as if Germany was just minding its own business and then one day, out of nowhere, for no reason at all, America just up and went "Let's declare war on Germany". permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 9 points 5 days ago AmericanJawa used deflect: Not very effective. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SteveRogers42 8 points 5 days ago If Britain and France had stayed out of war with Germany, they would still have their Empires, and this tsunami of Turd World invasion would have never happened. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply TheBigPastrami 13 points 5 days ago Because the fatal flaw of real freedom is that you are free to undermine it. You can only preserve real freedoms if everyone is on the same page about doing so. When half the country is ok with getting rid of freedom if it means they’ll get their way, it’s going to happen permalink parent award report block reply
TiggerLovingPooh 19 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -10 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. Convenient that you overlook how the Nazis and Communists were only at war after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 13 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Wish we didn't, the resulting world is a mess. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -3 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Are you forgetting or ignoring how Nazi Germany and Communist Russia were originally allies at the beginning of World War II? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Leporidae 5 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, and the commie uprisings in Germany that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, As if white Christians were the only people that the white Communists murdered. and the commie uprisings in Germany What Communist uprisings? that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. He wasn't voted into power. He was given power to avoid a political crisis, then proceeded to maneuver his way into being appointed unquestioned dictator and doing away with elections and anyone who could threaten him. And then he proceeded to side with Communist Russia until after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa -10 points 5 days ago Because "winning" meant helping communists win a war they were losing. Convenient that you overlook how the Nazis and Communists were only at war after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply TiggerLovingPooh 13 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Wish we didn't, the resulting world is a mess. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -3 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Are you forgetting or ignoring how Nazi Germany and Communist Russia were originally allies at the beginning of World War II? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Leporidae 5 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, and the commie uprisings in Germany that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, As if white Christians were the only people that the white Communists murdered. and the commie uprisings in Germany What Communist uprisings? that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. He wasn't voted into power. He was given power to avoid a political crisis, then proceeded to maneuver his way into being appointed unquestioned dictator and doing away with elections and anyone who could threaten him. And then he proceeded to side with Communist Russia until after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
TiggerLovingPooh 13 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Wish we didn't, the resulting world is a mess. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -3 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Are you forgetting or ignoring how Nazi Germany and Communist Russia were originally allies at the beginning of World War II? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments...
AmericanJawa -3 points 5 days ago So, we didn't help communists win a war? Pretty sure we did. Are you forgetting or ignoring how Nazi Germany and Communist Russia were originally allies at the beginning of World War II? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments...
Leporidae 5 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, and the commie uprisings in Germany that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, As if white Christians were the only people that the white Communists murdered. and the commie uprisings in Germany What Communist uprisings? that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. He wasn't voted into power. He was given power to avoid a political crisis, then proceeded to maneuver his way into being appointed unquestioned dictator and doing away with elections and anyone who could threaten him. And then he proceeded to side with Communist Russia until after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 1 points 5 days ago Convenient how you pretend the commies hadn't just taken over Russia and butchered the White Christians there, As if white Christians were the only people that the white Communists murdered. and the commie uprisings in Germany What Communist uprisings? that then repeated until one day for no reason Hitler was voted into power. He wasn't voted into power. He was given power to avoid a political crisis, then proceeded to maneuver his way into being appointed unquestioned dictator and doing away with elections and anyone who could threaten him. And then he proceeded to side with Communist Russia until after the Nazis had already conquered most of Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 15 points 5 days ago Why does the West show all the signs of losing a war when it "won?" Because the price of freedom is eternal vigilance, and we didn't remain vigilant. permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 11 points 5 days ago Oh yeah? And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -13 points 5 days ago And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? Said as if Germany was just minding its own business and then one day, out of nowhere, for no reason at all, America just up and went "Let's declare war on Germany". permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 9 points 5 days ago AmericanJawa used deflect: Not very effective. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SteveRogers42 8 points 5 days ago If Britain and France had stayed out of war with Germany, they would still have their Empires, and this tsunami of Turd World invasion would have never happened. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
MurphyPDicsak 11 points 5 days ago Oh yeah? And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -13 points 5 days ago And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? Said as if Germany was just minding its own business and then one day, out of nowhere, for no reason at all, America just up and went "Let's declare war on Germany". permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 9 points 5 days ago AmericanJawa used deflect: Not very effective. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SteveRogers42 8 points 5 days ago If Britain and France had stayed out of war with Germany, they would still have their Empires, and this tsunami of Turd World invasion would have never happened. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa -13 points 5 days ago And what freedom were we destined to lose if Germany had been left alone? Said as if Germany was just minding its own business and then one day, out of nowhere, for no reason at all, America just up and went "Let's declare war on Germany". permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 9 points 5 days ago AmericanJawa used deflect: Not very effective. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... SteveRogers42 8 points 5 days ago If Britain and France had stayed out of war with Germany, they would still have their Empires, and this tsunami of Turd World invasion would have never happened. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
MurphyPDicsak 9 points 5 days ago AmericanJawa used deflect: Not very effective. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
SteveRogers42 8 points 5 days ago If Britain and France had stayed out of war with Germany, they would still have their Empires, and this tsunami of Turd World invasion would have never happened. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TheBigPastrami 13 points 5 days ago Because the fatal flaw of real freedom is that you are free to undermine it. You can only preserve real freedoms if everyone is on the same page about doing so. When half the country is ok with getting rid of freedom if it means they’ll get their way, it’s going to happen permalink parent award report block reply
redinmn 25 points 5 days ago He will be remembered for far longer than either of the two parasite hosts asking him questions.  They will fade, he will be remembered for his willingness to speak the truth. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 19 points 5 days ago The EU betrayed all of Europe... but it betrayed the WWII soldier the most - by far. permalink award report block reply Leporidae 6 points 5 days ago The EU was founded in order to drown the European countries in a brown flood until race mixing made them easier to rule. Look up the writings of Count Kalergi. permalink parent award report block reply
Leporidae 6 points 5 days ago The EU was founded in order to drown the European countries in a brown flood until race mixing made them easier to rule. Look up the writings of Count Kalergi. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 19 points 5 days ago That is tough to watch indeed. Prayers up for this patriot. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago Amen. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago Amen. permalink parent award report block reply
HunterBidensPC 14 points 5 days ago This cunts response makes me so much angrier “Sorry you feel that way” permalink award report block reply
tooanalytical 13 points 5 days ago Heartbreaking. This man protected his homeland against true evil only to see it be consumed by true evil. What a horrific way to live your twilight years. God bless this man and hold him close to you. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 16 points 5 days ago Nazis weren't as bad as this shit show we got now full of liberal satanic whites and Muslims and Jews running the show. permalink parent award report block reply arebee 9 points 5 days ago The only thing nazis were guilty of was getting rid of all this shit in weimar Germany. If we get rid of all the degeneracy in the west, we will be remembered the same if we lose permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 5 days ago Maybe not in Germany. The French, the poles, the British were killed by the truckload by Germans. They had good reason to fight them. permalink parent award report block reply
Beardholder 16 points 5 days ago Nazis weren't as bad as this shit show we got now full of liberal satanic whites and Muslims and Jews running the show. permalink parent award report block reply arebee 9 points 5 days ago The only thing nazis were guilty of was getting rid of all this shit in weimar Germany. If we get rid of all the degeneracy in the west, we will be remembered the same if we lose permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 5 days ago Maybe not in Germany. The French, the poles, the British were killed by the truckload by Germans. They had good reason to fight them. permalink parent award report block reply
arebee 9 points 5 days ago The only thing nazis were guilty of was getting rid of all this shit in weimar Germany. If we get rid of all the degeneracy in the west, we will be remembered the same if we lose permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 5 days ago Maybe not in Germany. The French, the poles, the British were killed by the truckload by Germans. They had good reason to fight them. permalink parent award report block reply
dtrap 12 points 5 days ago The woman wants to shut down the conversation. The man wants to explore the idea. The feminization of society and the destruction it brings is real. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 13 points 5 days ago He doesnt want to explore. He wants to bait the old man into saying something he can construe as racist for the audience because he knows how impactful that man was live on air and the "pretend nothing happened" reaction only made it worse. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 2 points 5 days ago That could be true as well, but "freedom" of citizens(subjects?) has nothing to do with race. Locking people up or not enforcing law is racially neutral. Granted, I do completely understand what you are saying and realize that the establishment is doing the polar opposite. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 1 points 5 days ago Well. She had to have the tarted up 1945 WACs present him with a CD…of his old-timey songs. What a disgrace. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 13 points 5 days ago He doesnt want to explore. He wants to bait the old man into saying something he can construe as racist for the audience because he knows how impactful that man was live on air and the "pretend nothing happened" reaction only made it worse. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 2 points 5 days ago That could be true as well, but "freedom" of citizens(subjects?) has nothing to do with race. Locking people up or not enforcing law is racially neutral. Granted, I do completely understand what you are saying and realize that the establishment is doing the polar opposite. permalink parent award report block reply
dtrap 2 points 5 days ago That could be true as well, but "freedom" of citizens(subjects?) has nothing to do with race. Locking people up or not enforcing law is racially neutral. Granted, I do completely understand what you are saying and realize that the establishment is doing the polar opposite. permalink parent award report block reply
Suckitreddit 1 points 5 days ago Well. She had to have the tarted up 1945 WACs present him with a CD…of his old-timey songs. What a disgrace. permalink parent award report block reply
RandyQuaidsBeard 9 points 5 days ago Oh that fucking cunt said she's so grateful. Bullshit! They're not grateful and the proof is what they've allowed their Nation to become after those men's sacrifice. I wish the old guy had the strength to clip that bitch in the jaw after she said that! permalink award report block reply
ConsrvspkgNJ 8 points 5 days ago Fuck you, bitch. You are the problem apologizing for the Haji's telling Britons to accept their new masters. permalink award report block reply
YesImWhite 7 points 5 days ago Used as a prop. permalink award report block reply Treintrientje 5 points 5 days ago Here we got you a cd with worthless crap license-free songs for putting your life on the line so that we could endanger every white persons life in danger on behalf of that one country you are not meant to mention. These one or 2 years might be the last chance the West has to put an end to the invasion and these 2 cunts are doing everything they can to prevent whiteys forming any alliance. If the West falls it's mostly journalisms fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 5 days ago Britain is done already. Some other countries might stand a chance. Britain's only chance is, sadly, to fight, but what they're unwilling to understand is, fighting is at this point their destiny, they have no choice, it is going to happen whether they want it or not, and the longer they wait the more likely they are to lose. I expect that they won't wale up all the way before it is too late, either way it's going to be devastating and I wish this weren't the case. permalink parent award report block reply Treintrientje 1 points 5 days ago If we (Europeans) had a somewhat functioning media this would never have happened but the ghost of Adolf is still very present in every news corp so we are only allowed to find the evil in our own midst: if we were allowed to look outward we might find the evil among the strangers: and that's xenofobia and/or antisemitism. Blerch. Shitty situation all around. permalink parent award report block reply YesImWhite 1 points 5 days ago Wheres Richard the Lionheart permalink parent award report block reply
Treintrientje 5 points 5 days ago Here we got you a cd with worthless crap license-free songs for putting your life on the line so that we could endanger every white persons life in danger on behalf of that one country you are not meant to mention. These one or 2 years might be the last chance the West has to put an end to the invasion and these 2 cunts are doing everything they can to prevent whiteys forming any alliance. If the West falls it's mostly journalisms fault. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 3 points 5 days ago Britain is done already. Some other countries might stand a chance. Britain's only chance is, sadly, to fight, but what they're unwilling to understand is, fighting is at this point their destiny, they have no choice, it is going to happen whether they want it or not, and the longer they wait the more likely they are to lose. I expect that they won't wale up all the way before it is too late, either way it's going to be devastating and I wish this weren't the case. permalink parent award report block reply Treintrientje 1 points 5 days ago If we (Europeans) had a somewhat functioning media this would never have happened but the ghost of Adolf is still very present in every news corp so we are only allowed to find the evil in our own midst: if we were allowed to look outward we might find the evil among the strangers: and that's xenofobia and/or antisemitism. Blerch. Shitty situation all around. permalink parent award report block reply YesImWhite 1 points 5 days ago Wheres Richard the Lionheart permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 3 points 5 days ago Britain is done already. Some other countries might stand a chance. Britain's only chance is, sadly, to fight, but what they're unwilling to understand is, fighting is at this point their destiny, they have no choice, it is going to happen whether they want it or not, and the longer they wait the more likely they are to lose. I expect that they won't wale up all the way before it is too late, either way it's going to be devastating and I wish this weren't the case. permalink parent award report block reply Treintrientje 1 points 5 days ago If we (Europeans) had a somewhat functioning media this would never have happened but the ghost of Adolf is still very present in every news corp so we are only allowed to find the evil in our own midst: if we were allowed to look outward we might find the evil among the strangers: and that's xenofobia and/or antisemitism. Blerch. Shitty situation all around. permalink parent award report block reply YesImWhite 1 points 5 days ago Wheres Richard the Lionheart permalink parent award report block reply
Treintrientje 1 points 5 days ago If we (Europeans) had a somewhat functioning media this would never have happened but the ghost of Adolf is still very present in every news corp so we are only allowed to find the evil in our own midst: if we were allowed to look outward we might find the evil among the strangers: and that's xenofobia and/or antisemitism. Blerch. Shitty situation all around. permalink parent award report block reply
YesImWhite 1 points 5 days ago Wheres Richard the Lionheart permalink parent award report block reply
Coprolite 6 points 5 days ago He did the meme permalink award report block reply
thisaintitchief76 5 points 5 days ago This is how most vets feel. But there is nothing they can do about it. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago This is how most vets feel. But there is nothing they can do about it. Of course there is. Many are fighting back. Join us! permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 6 points 5 days ago This is how most vets feel. But there is nothing they can do about it. Of course there is. Many are fighting back. Join us! permalink parent award report block reply
TiggerLovingPooh 5 points 5 days ago Well, no offence, but that's what happens when you help communists win a war. permalink award report block reply
clownworld30330 4 points 5 days ago He should have called out her worse than useless voting for statists permalink award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 3 points 5 days ago shoulda said "We used to stack faggots like you 3 deep like chorwood" permalink award report block reply
Dev404 3 points 5 days ago This happened because of feminists. That's who happily sold everything for their worthless feelings. permalink award report block reply
Freedomnuggs 3 points 5 days ago When you make an oldman cry over the state of your country, you know its bad permalink award report block reply
Ganeshshu 3 points 5 days ago At least their not speaking German. permalink award report block reply
geekesmind 3 points 5 days ago We fought the wrong enemy in WW2 STALIN AND CHURCHILL WERE THE REAL THREATS permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 2 points 5 days ago https://youtu.be/AcSE9MdUKVc permalink award report block reply
chahn1138 2 points 5 days ago What do you mean by that? You are quite a Fresh Nog, aren't you? permalink award report block reply
lilbuffkitty1 2 points 5 days ago "I'm sorry you feel that way" she is the problem permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 2 points 5 days ago What a travesty these tv clowns are. How about saying " you are so right you gave just about all, for NOTHING" Got a socialist soon to become muslum country. He fought for just the opposite. My hat is off to you SIR. 🫡 permalink award report block reply
muppeton 2 points 5 days ago Her and her kids are NOT grateful for him. In their minds, he's an old (likely conservative) white man who will become irrelevant (in their lives anyway) after death. permalink award report block reply
62jawbill 2 points 5 days ago Absolutely based, top kek. permalink award report block reply
FUCK_TYLER 2 points 5 days ago 😢 permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 5 days ago No, it was not... permalink award report block reply
FallenOne 1 points 5 days ago That old Hero is wishing now he would have switched sides. What is being done is despicable. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 5 days ago GWOT Vets enter the chat permalink award report block reply
MayorOfCentralia 1 points 5 days ago We completely destroyed the world you fought to save. Here's a CD. permalink award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 1 points 5 days ago Thing is, 30 or 40 years ago he probably would have said it was worth it. permalink award report block reply
ncswicn 1 points 5 days ago 💔Heartbreaking! 💔 permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 5 days ago Stupid bitch. permalink award report block reply
pedespeed 1 points 5 days ago 😢 permalink award report block reply
Monzie 1 points 5 days ago The country is screwed, but here's a stupid token thing, congrats permalink award report block reply
Plutossextape1 1 points 5 days ago We might need WW3 to save the world. permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 1 points 5 days ago How sad for him.  Even sadder is that he is correct. permalink award report block reply
Eddie_Vanjovi 1 points 5 days ago Islam is the most evil thing imaginable. permalink award report block reply
Meathe 1 points 5 days ago "We will do"  ... no you won't. permalink award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago At least they’re not speaking German. permalink award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply