138 Not many people here understand the sheer scale of the H1B problem.
Many laid off Americans are committing suicide and it is going unnoticed. posted 3 hours ago by diestanding 5 comments award share report block https://x.com/JobsNowPaper/status/1984991204581179724
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style keeptherepublic1776 2 points 3 hours ago Yep. But the Boomer faggots will say just get another career. permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 1 hour ago Dont know why you got dv permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 3 hours ago I’m here today on this issue issue and all day yesterday! It’s hard to imagine that our grievances on this issue have not changed and I don’t know 30 years…. But the systems fix it method is always go somewhere else and import the problem away, making the problem worse! ….. So they’ve fucked us on the way up and they’re gonna fuck us more on the way down! The rule class have really got some nerve! permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 1 hour ago Because fuck you. That's unfortunately Trump’s stance now. permalink parent award report block reply BonginosRac1stCowboy 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 2 points 3 hours ago Yep. But the Boomer faggots will say just get another career. permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 1 hour ago Dont know why you got dv permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 1 points 1 hour ago Dont know why you got dv permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 1 points 3 hours ago I’m here today on this issue issue and all day yesterday! It’s hard to imagine that our grievances on this issue have not changed and I don’t know 30 years…. But the systems fix it method is always go somewhere else and import the problem away, making the problem worse! ….. So they’ve fucked us on the way up and they’re gonna fuck us more on the way down! The rule class have really got some nerve! permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 1 hour ago Because fuck you. That's unfortunately Trump’s stance now. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 1 points 1 hour ago Because fuck you. That's unfortunately Trump’s stance now. permalink parent award report block reply
BonginosRac1stCowboy 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply