320 FOX NEWS HAS H1-B EMPLOYEES: Fox News hired 5 H1-B's in 2025!!! These are jobs that could have gone to Americans!!! posted 2 days ago by China4Biden 8 comments award share report block Barefoot Student @BarefootStudent • 2d H-1B is so radioactive that PRO H-1B activists are now attacking FOX NEWS with the ACCUSATION that they too are guilty of a SCAM.
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MrMcGreenGenes 7 points 2 days ago Don't watch that trash anymore but I'll put money on them acting all patriotic today, like they care. permalink award report block reply Awakened 4 points 2 days ago This is awesome. Trump, end the H1b and win the midterms. Don't, and the dems will have the votes to impeach you this time. That's how big of an issue this is. And any of your advisers that say different need to hear. YOU'RE FIRED! permalink award report block reply Deplora 4 points 2 days ago Finding a "senior financial analyst" willing to work in NYC, DC, or LA for $90K would be tough.  If it's fully remote work, so they can live someplace cheap, it's probably realistic.  I don't really know enough about the other positions to opine on those salary levels.  But if these are on-site positions, they may also have a competitive problem with many potential hires not wanting to work for the "Trump-loving fascist Fox News", when the majority of employers in those cities are hospitable to TDS sufferers. permalink award report block reply fluffykitten 3 points 2 days ago Why would they pay that much for 5 stinky H1B Indians? Isn't the whole point of it to save money? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 3 points 2 days ago I don't care if fox is "an ally". Our standards don't have an asterisk, all people equal under the law permalink award report block reply Psarg 2 points 2 days ago Fox is the conservative flavor of Wall Street propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply CousinOfBobbyPiton 2 points 2 days ago fox runs it business like any other globalist permalink award report block reply magnokor 1 points 2 days ago Android? Like a robot? They already have Paul Ryan. permalink award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 7 points 2 days ago Don't watch that trash anymore but I'll put money on them acting all patriotic today, like they care. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 4 points 2 days ago This is awesome. Trump, end the H1b and win the midterms. Don't, and the dems will have the votes to impeach you this time. That's how big of an issue this is. And any of your advisers that say different need to hear. YOU'RE FIRED! permalink award report block reply
Deplora 4 points 2 days ago Finding a "senior financial analyst" willing to work in NYC, DC, or LA for $90K would be tough.  If it's fully remote work, so they can live someplace cheap, it's probably realistic.  I don't really know enough about the other positions to opine on those salary levels.  But if these are on-site positions, they may also have a competitive problem with many potential hires not wanting to work for the "Trump-loving fascist Fox News", when the majority of employers in those cities are hospitable to TDS sufferers. permalink award report block reply
fluffykitten 3 points 2 days ago Why would they pay that much for 5 stinky H1B Indians? Isn't the whole point of it to save money? permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 3 points 2 days ago I don't care if fox is "an ally". Our standards don't have an asterisk, all people equal under the law permalink award report block reply Psarg 2 points 2 days ago Fox is the conservative flavor of Wall Street propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 2 points 2 days ago Fox is the conservative flavor of Wall Street propaganda. permalink parent award report block reply
CousinOfBobbyPiton 2 points 2 days ago fox runs it business like any other globalist permalink award report block reply
magnokor 1 points 2 days ago Android? Like a robot? They already have Paul Ryan. permalink award report block reply