31 Chaos as Marriott-branded hotels abruptly file for bankruptcy - and guests are kicked out mid-stay (www.dailymail.co.uk) posted 9 hours ago by 1DontTreadOnMe1 6 comments award share report block Chaos as Marriott-branded hotels abruptly file for bankruptcy Hotel guests across the world have been kicked out of their rooms mid-stay. www.dailymail.co.uk
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno RudeFrog 5 points 9 hours ago At this point I just assume most hotels are being propped up by government housing illegals permalink award report block reply FreedomLubber 4 points 8 hours ago They sold off their in-flight catering division in the early 90’s and stripped the employees of their pensions. My dad lost his. Too big to fail is code for gubmint subsidies permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 4 points 9 hours ago Sonder was a small part of the Marriott portfolio. However, Marriott fucked up big time by not trying to rebook people affected by the abrupt cancellations. People at the Sonder properties were basically told to GTFO permalink award report block reply Exsultate 1 points 8 hours ago Fuck Marriott.  Big corp destroyed what was once a company that cared about people. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 8 hours ago Marriott dropped the ball bigly on this.   I get parting of the ways with a licensee, but they just poisoned their brand with every single guest they inconvenienced and disrupted.  They should have, instead, just ordered Sonder to stop booking guests using their name, let the near term and current guests finish their stays, and work on rebooking guests with reservations farther out. Talk about an unforced error. Oddly enough, I just stayed in one of the Sonder/Marriott properties a few weeks ago.  No indication anything was wrong at that time. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 2 points 7 hours ago The key for headline-only readers is that this is Marriott-branded. It is actually a separate entity called Sonder that has imploded and Marriott cut the cord. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 5 points 9 hours ago At this point I just assume most hotels are being propped up by government housing illegals permalink award report block reply
FreedomLubber 4 points 8 hours ago They sold off their in-flight catering division in the early 90’s and stripped the employees of their pensions. My dad lost his. Too big to fail is code for gubmint subsidies permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 4 points 9 hours ago Sonder was a small part of the Marriott portfolio. However, Marriott fucked up big time by not trying to rebook people affected by the abrupt cancellations. People at the Sonder properties were basically told to GTFO permalink award report block reply Exsultate 1 points 8 hours ago Fuck Marriott.  Big corp destroyed what was once a company that cared about people. permalink parent award report block reply
Exsultate 1 points 8 hours ago Fuck Marriott.  Big corp destroyed what was once a company that cared about people. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 2 points 8 hours ago Marriott dropped the ball bigly on this.   I get parting of the ways with a licensee, but they just poisoned their brand with every single guest they inconvenienced and disrupted.  They should have, instead, just ordered Sonder to stop booking guests using their name, let the near term and current guests finish their stays, and work on rebooking guests with reservations farther out. Talk about an unforced error. Oddly enough, I just stayed in one of the Sonder/Marriott properties a few weeks ago.  No indication anything was wrong at that time. permalink award report block reply
Datamancer 2 points 7 hours ago The key for headline-only readers is that this is Marriott-branded. It is actually a separate entity called Sonder that has imploded and Marriott cut the cord. permalink award report block reply