397 They never discuss the Smith-Mundt act. Ever notice that? posted 2 days ago by MickHigan2 21 comments award share report block Karli Bonne’ 🇺🇸 @KarluskaP • 3d Just a reminder
21 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TheSwampThang 14 points 2 days ago If it's just a conspiracy and not a big deal, then you don't mind if we get rid of legal propaganda? permalink award report block reply fskfsk 13 points 2 days ago The conversation goes like this: Caller: The mainstream media is a bunch of liars. Mainstream Media: We swear we are not liars and you are a crazy conspiracy theorist for suggesting otherwise! permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 10 points 2 days ago Obama again. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 9 points 2 days ago Peggy Noonan used to be a Republican. permalink award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago I suspect she was always a RINO, but a closeted one when she worked for Reagan. permalink parent award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 8 points 2 days ago The proved him right... cunts. permalink award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 2 days ago FACTUAL permalink parent award report block reply behemoth887 6 points 2 days ago "i'm not gonna comment on that" "operation mockingbird" "WELL ACTUALLY NOOOOOOOO" she sure wanted to comment after that permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 days ago Because it's Left Wing propaganda. It was never repealed and barely changed. permalink award report block reply 556x45mm 4 points 2 days ago iTs A cOnSpIrAcY! permalink award report block reply Cali_Republican 3 points 2 days ago "Never heard of it"
"Sounds like a conspiracy" How the fuck are they even commenting on anything if they have never heard of that. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 4 points 2 days ago Then goes on to talk about Operation Mockingbird, something she seems to know about, which I believe may have constituted a violation of the original Smith-Mundt act that she says she knows nothing about. And the other gal then mentions Voice of America, which the original Smith-Mundt Act included provisions to allow it to operate and be broadcast outside of the US, and not within.  VoA was largely pro-American / anti-communist propaganda operation.  The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act, which Obama signed in early 2013 removed the restrictions on VoA and that it could be allowed to be broadcast and shared within the US. People have cast doubt on whether or not the 2013 modernization had any real impact, I have my doubts though something stinks about it, but the reason they gave for unrestricting VoA was that it had no footprint in US media, yeah, because it wasn't allowed to. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago The lady talking about it works for the Washington Times, which is not a left wing rag (they’re not exactly MAGA, but they’re on the right). She said she hasn’t heard of the repeal, but she knew about Mockingbird. I take her at her word on that. She was putting the old cunt hag in her place. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 days ago True, and officially it wasn't a repeal, the Act still stands, but it was "modernized" with elements that seem to have defanged it. Repealing it would've drawn too much attention, so the commies did commie things to it. Again, I'm not sure how much stock to put into its impact, but it is very interesting that just after it was signed into law the media and MSM lies and gaslighting went into overdrive. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And by “commies” I know you mean Paul Ryan and his merry band of faggot RINOs and the rest of the uniparty (ir the dems). permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 2 days ago And Elanor Clift will be remembered as a MEDIA WHORE That Caller was a Based Patriot....at a time when they Deep State thought they we ignorable. permalink award report block reply basedboston 2 points 2 days ago We just did an end-around. permalink award report block reply Harvestsmiles 2 points 2 days ago Surely they wouldn't do it again... permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 2 days ago Is that Elanore Clift?  Wow!  It's been a long time since the Mclaughlin Group. permalink award report block reply awsure 1 points 2 days ago That hag Clift still alive??? permalink award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 2 days ago Eleanor Clift might be one of the founding journalists in Operation Mockingbird. She certainly looks old enough. permalink award report block reply JimmyRussler 1 points 2 days ago It's because both sides enjoy it's use. permalink award report block reply
TheSwampThang 14 points 2 days ago If it's just a conspiracy and not a big deal, then you don't mind if we get rid of legal propaganda? permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 13 points 2 days ago The conversation goes like this: Caller: The mainstream media is a bunch of liars. Mainstream Media: We swear we are not liars and you are a crazy conspiracy theorist for suggesting otherwise! permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 10 points 2 days ago Obama again. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 9 points 2 days ago Peggy Noonan used to be a Republican. permalink award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago I suspect she was always a RINO, but a closeted one when she worked for Reagan. permalink parent award report block reply
clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago I suspect she was always a RINO, but a closeted one when she worked for Reagan. permalink parent award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 8 points 2 days ago The proved him right... cunts. permalink award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 2 days ago FACTUAL permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 3 points 2 days ago FACTUAL permalink parent award report block reply
behemoth887 6 points 2 days ago "i'm not gonna comment on that" "operation mockingbird" "WELL ACTUALLY NOOOOOOOO" she sure wanted to comment after that permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 5 points 2 days ago Because it's Left Wing propaganda. It was never repealed and barely changed. permalink award report block reply
556x45mm 4 points 2 days ago iTs A cOnSpIrAcY! permalink award report block reply
Cali_Republican 3 points 2 days ago "Never heard of it"
"Sounds like a conspiracy" How the fuck are they even commenting on anything if they have never heard of that. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 4 points 2 days ago Then goes on to talk about Operation Mockingbird, something she seems to know about, which I believe may have constituted a violation of the original Smith-Mundt act that she says she knows nothing about. And the other gal then mentions Voice of America, which the original Smith-Mundt Act included provisions to allow it to operate and be broadcast outside of the US, and not within.  VoA was largely pro-American / anti-communist propaganda operation.  The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act, which Obama signed in early 2013 removed the restrictions on VoA and that it could be allowed to be broadcast and shared within the US. People have cast doubt on whether or not the 2013 modernization had any real impact, I have my doubts though something stinks about it, but the reason they gave for unrestricting VoA was that it had no footprint in US media, yeah, because it wasn't allowed to. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago The lady talking about it works for the Washington Times, which is not a left wing rag (they’re not exactly MAGA, but they’re on the right). She said she hasn’t heard of the repeal, but she knew about Mockingbird. I take her at her word on that. She was putting the old cunt hag in her place. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 days ago True, and officially it wasn't a repeal, the Act still stands, but it was "modernized" with elements that seem to have defanged it. Repealing it would've drawn too much attention, so the commies did commie things to it. Again, I'm not sure how much stock to put into its impact, but it is very interesting that just after it was signed into law the media and MSM lies and gaslighting went into overdrive. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And by “commies” I know you mean Paul Ryan and his merry band of faggot RINOs and the rest of the uniparty (ir the dems). permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 4 points 2 days ago Then goes on to talk about Operation Mockingbird, something she seems to know about, which I believe may have constituted a violation of the original Smith-Mundt act that she says she knows nothing about. And the other gal then mentions Voice of America, which the original Smith-Mundt Act included provisions to allow it to operate and be broadcast outside of the US, and not within.  VoA was largely pro-American / anti-communist propaganda operation.  The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act, which Obama signed in early 2013 removed the restrictions on VoA and that it could be allowed to be broadcast and shared within the US. People have cast doubt on whether or not the 2013 modernization had any real impact, I have my doubts though something stinks about it, but the reason they gave for unrestricting VoA was that it had no footprint in US media, yeah, because it wasn't allowed to. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago The lady talking about it works for the Washington Times, which is not a left wing rag (they’re not exactly MAGA, but they’re on the right). She said she hasn’t heard of the repeal, but she knew about Mockingbird. I take her at her word on that. She was putting the old cunt hag in her place. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 days ago True, and officially it wasn't a repeal, the Act still stands, but it was "modernized" with elements that seem to have defanged it. Repealing it would've drawn too much attention, so the commies did commie things to it. Again, I'm not sure how much stock to put into its impact, but it is very interesting that just after it was signed into law the media and MSM lies and gaslighting went into overdrive. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And by “commies” I know you mean Paul Ryan and his merry band of faggot RINOs and the rest of the uniparty (ir the dems). permalink parent award report block reply
clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago The lady talking about it works for the Washington Times, which is not a left wing rag (they’re not exactly MAGA, but they’re on the right). She said she hasn’t heard of the repeal, but she knew about Mockingbird. I take her at her word on that. She was putting the old cunt hag in her place. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 days ago True, and officially it wasn't a repeal, the Act still stands, but it was "modernized" with elements that seem to have defanged it. Repealing it would've drawn too much attention, so the commies did commie things to it. Again, I'm not sure how much stock to put into its impact, but it is very interesting that just after it was signed into law the media and MSM lies and gaslighting went into overdrive. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And by “commies” I know you mean Paul Ryan and his merry band of faggot RINOs and the rest of the uniparty (ir the dems). permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 days ago True, and officially it wasn't a repeal, the Act still stands, but it was "modernized" with elements that seem to have defanged it. Repealing it would've drawn too much attention, so the commies did commie things to it. Again, I'm not sure how much stock to put into its impact, but it is very interesting that just after it was signed into law the media and MSM lies and gaslighting went into overdrive. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And by “commies” I know you mean Paul Ryan and his merry band of faggot RINOs and the rest of the uniparty (ir the dems). permalink parent award report block reply
clownworld30330 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And by “commies” I know you mean Paul Ryan and his merry band of faggot RINOs and the rest of the uniparty (ir the dems). permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 3 points 2 days ago And Elanor Clift will be remembered as a MEDIA WHORE That Caller was a Based Patriot....at a time when they Deep State thought they we ignorable. permalink award report block reply
basedboston 2 points 2 days ago We just did an end-around. permalink award report block reply
Harvestsmiles 2 points 2 days ago Surely they wouldn't do it again... permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 2 days ago Is that Elanore Clift?  Wow!  It's been a long time since the Mclaughlin Group. permalink award report block reply
awsure 1 points 2 days ago That hag Clift still alive??? permalink award report block reply
clownworld30330 1 points 2 days ago Eleanor Clift might be one of the founding journalists in Operation Mockingbird. She certainly looks old enough. permalink award report block reply
JimmyRussler 1 points 2 days ago It's because both sides enjoy it's use. permalink award report block reply