974 I could watch this for hours 😂 posted 4 days ago by grannylovestrump 58 comments award share report block Clown World ™ 🤡 @ClownWorld • 4d I could watch this for hours 😂
58 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MeMargie 83 points 4 days ago Take out your own is the commie way :) permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 5 points 3 days ago The goal is to create civil war.  In civil war, many innocent people will be killed.  The population will be happy to give up freedom of speech and the 2nd amendment for safety.  With this, we get tyranny and authoritarian rule because the people asked for it.  Its like the Patriot Act; people giving up freedom for safety. permalink parent award report block reply yummy_yumm_yumms 1 points 3 days ago Pretty sure we didn’t ‘give up’ shit, that was not something any of us voted for. They fucking do what they want, just like importing all of the turd wolrders, no one asked for that shit. permalink parent award report block reply awsure 50 points 4 days ago Garbage humans permalink award report block reply SkullLeader117 20 points 4 days ago For the sport of dumpster bowling permalink parent award report block reply Lmn8rinos 42 points 4 days ago This needs Steve Inman permalink award report block reply mydogma8yourkarma 21 points 4 days ago Ludicrous cam:  BOOM bitch, Get Out The Way! permalink parent award report block reply Cowboy888 9 points 4 days ago So funny! permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 3 points 4 days ago Move. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 33 points 4 days ago i watched it live, they coulda killled that kid. permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 28 points 4 days ago Your terms are acceptable. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 4 days ago What was the story? permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 3 points 4 days ago Blm riots around Philly I think. I may be confusing that event for when they were pushing dumpsters down the street into the police. Its been a few years. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 4 points 4 days ago Was Zim/Xer's leg broken? The clip cuts before they get him up. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 2 points 3 days ago Don't know, didn't see a follow up. permalink parent award report block reply 5854110203868847 3 points 4 days ago Hopefully he has a lifetime of chronic pain from this. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Oh no, they didn’t? Damnit, fuck, shit. Maybe we will have to do that then. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... IncredibleMrE1 23 points 4 days ago This is from sometime in Trump Term #1. permalink award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 10 points 4 days ago I think from 2020. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 4 points 4 days ago I miss the dumpster wars of 2015! permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 12 points 4 days ago The timing on it is just perfect timing we want protesters to be safe . BAM you get a garbage can! permalink award report block reply MR__K 9 points 4 days ago Ah the laws of motion haven't been tainted by our broken judicial system.  Good. permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 7 points 4 days ago Hawaiian judge enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 8 points 4 days ago Door stop will probably sue the cops. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 6 points 4 days ago https://x.com/ClownWorld/status/1987324341244338585 permalink award report block reply DarthEP 5 points 4 days ago SAME TEAM ! ! ! permalink award report block reply Rope_Tree_Journalist 5 points 4 days ago I hope he is injured for life. permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 5 points 4 days ago Im ready for an all out Scorched Earth Clean Sweep of all Muslim Goatfucking pedo worshipping vermin. They can worship their brutally ass raped queer bait Mohammed . While we are at it,please add in that Universally Known, aging retarded lesbian, Meatball sucking ,mangled axe wounded,birds of a feather,hamburgered sphincter faggot Bill Mitchell on the way out. Velcro tape Shaqueero,Levin,Susie Wiles,Blondi,Kash,Todd,Cruz,Swallowsall,Randy Fine,Schumer,bat soup spies,Killary,jeets,dualie Zionist,Didndu engineers,Commies,traitors,FBI,CIA,IRS,The Fed,AIPAC,ADL,Israel Firsters,Ukie faggots and supporters,Ramaswampy,tech bro mafia ,etc. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 4 points 4 days ago Wow been awhile MG! Hope you are being awesome as usual! permalink parent award report block reply Mulletgunning 2 points 4 days ago Im definitely being me granny. Many here come at me for my disdain against Israel Firsters and any other foreign influencers coming before Americans. I am staunchly a supporter of MAGA AF . We need about 6 to 8 decades so any who came here or are in the process of becoming an American can assimilate or get out. The legal loopholes in the Visa abuse needs to be shut down also. Of course by supporting Americans First gets some of their panties  twisted. I hope things are going great for you and yours . Im still struggling  to get hired because DEI just got renamed and those that were employed under that system remain employed under  different monikers in differently created divisions throughout these corps. and businesses. It is hard for  a Straight White Male out here. But I will never stop trying . I might try and say I'm trans or a minority to fake them out.  Ha ha ha ha ha. Bless you granny and I will try and comment more on your posts darling. Have a great one. MAGA AF permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 3 days ago ahhh I get you though. You cannot be true to anyone till you are true to yourself. I am not a hater but heh I learned a long time ago    that people that you may trust may not be trust worthy and I wish to see the best in  each and every person on this planet but sadly Jesus call to love God and your fellow man is many times ignored at their peril and ours as well. You are a soldier and we never surrender! I send prayers that the angels surround and lift you to a better day MG! I still wish they would hire veterans to protect our schools and pay them good. We need that. permalink parent award report block reply BrianDamage 4 points 4 days ago LMAO Thanks permalink award report block reply Cowboy888 4 points 4 days ago Play the game...."Who Can Outrun the Dumpster" permalink award report block reply LLP2 2 points 4 days ago Funny, the guy right before the crunch, who just happened to amble out of the way in time! permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 3 points 4 days ago That’s why it’s called a garbage CAN and not a garbage CANNOT permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago lol permalink parent award report block reply Markosis17 3 points 4 days ago Never loved a dumpster so much. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 4 days ago kek permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 4 days ago Dang.... I was hoping it was going to be a public hanging. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 4 days ago those are the best permalink parent award report block reply Agent_86 2 points 3 days ago Question Gran gran. If Yeshua were looking over your shoulder at the time, would you have posted this? permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I am so tired of being bullied. My belief in Jesus is that in all the 613 Jewish Laws and the 10 commandments then finally the Sermon on the Mount is Gods way of saying you asked for that measuring stick in the Garden of Eden and still cannot live up to it and now all you have is my grace; you will never be perfect. That is my belief. So even though we still have character defects or sins (and I have trouble with forgiving selfish people posing as humanitarians) I am still a part of the convenant. Being saved doesn't mean we do not still sin sweety. Sorry but sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind all in the right measures and many of the commies need a good swift kick in their ass.....sorry not sorry permalink parent award report block reply Agent_86 2 points 3 days ago Ok nice excuse. No one's perfect got it. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I pray God to help me with that though if it is any comfort Agent...but yes I have to be careful with that. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago Oh and one more thing I use to be a liberal and one after another times I FAFO and it made me think twice. I  am like AC/DC goodbye and good riddance to bad luck! permalink parent award report block reply DeplorableCentipede 2 points 4 days ago He valiantly protected the lives of those peace officers. permalink award report block reply elmerecido 2 points 4 days ago I could watch this on a loop. permalink award report block reply Snooptwo 2 points 4 days ago Can we just start using live rounds? The gov doesn’t have to. I just sighted in my 300 savage, I’ve shot a lot of deer with it but never a communist. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 4 points 4 days ago Nobody is going to give you permission.  You will or you won't. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 2 points 3 days ago They’re having a grate time. permalink award report block reply Ndmand69 2 points 3 days ago Hope it pinched his pecker off!!! permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 1 points 4 days ago Enough is fucking enough. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 4 days ago ai slop permalink award report block reply Christineblaseyford 1 points 3 days ago George Floyd was a saint!  Reee permalink award report block reply EredAmlug 1 points 4 days ago lol what happened here? permalink award report block reply SurveilThis 1 points 4 days ago A harmonic convergence of dipshit motions create a glorious meme. permalink award report block reply mateus 0 points 4 days ago Why is this stickied? permalink award report block reply Neversurrender123 3 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply rapskull 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
MeMargie 83 points 4 days ago Take out your own is the commie way :) permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 5 points 3 days ago The goal is to create civil war.  In civil war, many innocent people will be killed.  The population will be happy to give up freedom of speech and the 2nd amendment for safety.  With this, we get tyranny and authoritarian rule because the people asked for it.  Its like the Patriot Act; people giving up freedom for safety. permalink parent award report block reply yummy_yumm_yumms 1 points 3 days ago Pretty sure we didn’t ‘give up’ shit, that was not something any of us voted for. They fucking do what they want, just like importing all of the turd wolrders, no one asked for that shit. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 5 points 3 days ago The goal is to create civil war.  In civil war, many innocent people will be killed.  The population will be happy to give up freedom of speech and the 2nd amendment for safety.  With this, we get tyranny and authoritarian rule because the people asked for it.  Its like the Patriot Act; people giving up freedom for safety. permalink parent award report block reply yummy_yumm_yumms 1 points 3 days ago Pretty sure we didn’t ‘give up’ shit, that was not something any of us voted for. They fucking do what they want, just like importing all of the turd wolrders, no one asked for that shit. permalink parent award report block reply
yummy_yumm_yumms 1 points 3 days ago Pretty sure we didn’t ‘give up’ shit, that was not something any of us voted for. They fucking do what they want, just like importing all of the turd wolrders, no one asked for that shit. permalink parent award report block reply
awsure 50 points 4 days ago Garbage humans permalink award report block reply SkullLeader117 20 points 4 days ago For the sport of dumpster bowling permalink parent award report block reply
SkullLeader117 20 points 4 days ago For the sport of dumpster bowling permalink parent award report block reply
Lmn8rinos 42 points 4 days ago This needs Steve Inman permalink award report block reply mydogma8yourkarma 21 points 4 days ago Ludicrous cam:  BOOM bitch, Get Out The Way! permalink parent award report block reply Cowboy888 9 points 4 days ago So funny! permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 3 points 4 days ago Move. permalink parent award report block reply
mydogma8yourkarma 21 points 4 days ago Ludicrous cam:  BOOM bitch, Get Out The Way! permalink parent award report block reply Cowboy888 9 points 4 days ago So funny! permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 3 points 4 days ago Move. permalink parent award report block reply
Cowboy888 9 points 4 days ago So funny! permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 3 points 4 days ago Move. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 33 points 4 days ago i watched it live, they coulda killled that kid. permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 28 points 4 days ago Your terms are acceptable. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 4 days ago What was the story? permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 3 points 4 days ago Blm riots around Philly I think. I may be confusing that event for when they were pushing dumpsters down the street into the police. Its been a few years. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 4 points 4 days ago Was Zim/Xer's leg broken? The clip cuts before they get him up. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 2 points 3 days ago Don't know, didn't see a follow up. permalink parent award report block reply 5854110203868847 3 points 4 days ago Hopefully he has a lifetime of chronic pain from this. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Oh no, they didn’t? Damnit, fuck, shit. Maybe we will have to do that then. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 28 points 4 days ago Your terms are acceptable. permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 7 points 4 days ago What was the story? permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 3 points 4 days ago Blm riots around Philly I think. I may be confusing that event for when they were pushing dumpsters down the street into the police. Its been a few years. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 3 points 4 days ago Blm riots around Philly I think. I may be confusing that event for when they were pushing dumpsters down the street into the police. Its been a few years. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 4 points 4 days ago Was Zim/Xer's leg broken? The clip cuts before they get him up. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 2 points 3 days ago Don't know, didn't see a follow up. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 2 points 3 days ago Don't know, didn't see a follow up. permalink parent award report block reply
5854110203868847 3 points 4 days ago Hopefully he has a lifetime of chronic pain from this. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Oh no, they didn’t? Damnit, fuck, shit. Maybe we will have to do that then. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 23 points 4 days ago This is from sometime in Trump Term #1. permalink award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 10 points 4 days ago I think from 2020. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 4 points 4 days ago I miss the dumpster wars of 2015! permalink parent award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 10 points 4 days ago I think from 2020. permalink parent award report block reply
MagaJay02 4 points 4 days ago I miss the dumpster wars of 2015! permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 12 points 4 days ago The timing on it is just perfect timing we want protesters to be safe . BAM you get a garbage can! permalink award report block reply
MR__K 9 points 4 days ago Ah the laws of motion haven't been tainted by our broken judicial system.  Good. permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 7 points 4 days ago Hawaiian judge enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
Kraken_V_Algorithm 7 points 4 days ago Hawaiian judge enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 8 points 4 days ago Door stop will probably sue the cops. permalink award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 6 points 4 days ago https://x.com/ClownWorld/status/1987324341244338585 permalink award report block reply
DarthEP 5 points 4 days ago SAME TEAM ! ! ! permalink award report block reply
Rope_Tree_Journalist 5 points 4 days ago I hope he is injured for life. permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 5 points 4 days ago Im ready for an all out Scorched Earth Clean Sweep of all Muslim Goatfucking pedo worshipping vermin. They can worship their brutally ass raped queer bait Mohammed . While we are at it,please add in that Universally Known, aging retarded lesbian, Meatball sucking ,mangled axe wounded,birds of a feather,hamburgered sphincter faggot Bill Mitchell on the way out. Velcro tape Shaqueero,Levin,Susie Wiles,Blondi,Kash,Todd,Cruz,Swallowsall,Randy Fine,Schumer,bat soup spies,Killary,jeets,dualie Zionist,Didndu engineers,Commies,traitors,FBI,CIA,IRS,The Fed,AIPAC,ADL,Israel Firsters,Ukie faggots and supporters,Ramaswampy,tech bro mafia ,etc. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 4 points 4 days ago Wow been awhile MG! Hope you are being awesome as usual! permalink parent award report block reply Mulletgunning 2 points 4 days ago Im definitely being me granny. Many here come at me for my disdain against Israel Firsters and any other foreign influencers coming before Americans. I am staunchly a supporter of MAGA AF . We need about 6 to 8 decades so any who came here or are in the process of becoming an American can assimilate or get out. The legal loopholes in the Visa abuse needs to be shut down also. Of course by supporting Americans First gets some of their panties  twisted. I hope things are going great for you and yours . Im still struggling  to get hired because DEI just got renamed and those that were employed under that system remain employed under  different monikers in differently created divisions throughout these corps. and businesses. It is hard for  a Straight White Male out here. But I will never stop trying . I might try and say I'm trans or a minority to fake them out.  Ha ha ha ha ha. Bless you granny and I will try and comment more on your posts darling. Have a great one. MAGA AF permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 3 days ago ahhh I get you though. You cannot be true to anyone till you are true to yourself. I am not a hater but heh I learned a long time ago    that people that you may trust may not be trust worthy and I wish to see the best in  each and every person on this planet but sadly Jesus call to love God and your fellow man is many times ignored at their peril and ours as well. You are a soldier and we never surrender! I send prayers that the angels surround and lift you to a better day MG! I still wish they would hire veterans to protect our schools and pay them good. We need that. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 4 points 4 days ago Wow been awhile MG! Hope you are being awesome as usual! permalink parent award report block reply Mulletgunning 2 points 4 days ago Im definitely being me granny. Many here come at me for my disdain against Israel Firsters and any other foreign influencers coming before Americans. I am staunchly a supporter of MAGA AF . We need about 6 to 8 decades so any who came here or are in the process of becoming an American can assimilate or get out. The legal loopholes in the Visa abuse needs to be shut down also. Of course by supporting Americans First gets some of their panties  twisted. I hope things are going great for you and yours . Im still struggling  to get hired because DEI just got renamed and those that were employed under that system remain employed under  different monikers in differently created divisions throughout these corps. and businesses. It is hard for  a Straight White Male out here. But I will never stop trying . I might try and say I'm trans or a minority to fake them out.  Ha ha ha ha ha. Bless you granny and I will try and comment more on your posts darling. Have a great one. MAGA AF permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 3 days ago ahhh I get you though. You cannot be true to anyone till you are true to yourself. I am not a hater but heh I learned a long time ago    that people that you may trust may not be trust worthy and I wish to see the best in  each and every person on this planet but sadly Jesus call to love God and your fellow man is many times ignored at their peril and ours as well. You are a soldier and we never surrender! I send prayers that the angels surround and lift you to a better day MG! I still wish they would hire veterans to protect our schools and pay them good. We need that. permalink parent award report block reply
Mulletgunning 2 points 4 days ago Im definitely being me granny. Many here come at me for my disdain against Israel Firsters and any other foreign influencers coming before Americans. I am staunchly a supporter of MAGA AF . We need about 6 to 8 decades so any who came here or are in the process of becoming an American can assimilate or get out. The legal loopholes in the Visa abuse needs to be shut down also. Of course by supporting Americans First gets some of their panties  twisted. I hope things are going great for you and yours . Im still struggling  to get hired because DEI just got renamed and those that were employed under that system remain employed under  different monikers in differently created divisions throughout these corps. and businesses. It is hard for  a Straight White Male out here. But I will never stop trying . I might try and say I'm trans or a minority to fake them out.  Ha ha ha ha ha. Bless you granny and I will try and comment more on your posts darling. Have a great one. MAGA AF permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 3 days ago ahhh I get you though. You cannot be true to anyone till you are true to yourself. I am not a hater but heh I learned a long time ago    that people that you may trust may not be trust worthy and I wish to see the best in  each and every person on this planet but sadly Jesus call to love God and your fellow man is many times ignored at their peril and ours as well. You are a soldier and we never surrender! I send prayers that the angels surround and lift you to a better day MG! I still wish they would hire veterans to protect our schools and pay them good. We need that. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 1 points 3 days ago ahhh I get you though. You cannot be true to anyone till you are true to yourself. I am not a hater but heh I learned a long time ago    that people that you may trust may not be trust worthy and I wish to see the best in  each and every person on this planet but sadly Jesus call to love God and your fellow man is many times ignored at their peril and ours as well. You are a soldier and we never surrender! I send prayers that the angels surround and lift you to a better day MG! I still wish they would hire veterans to protect our schools and pay them good. We need that. permalink parent award report block reply
BrianDamage 4 points 4 days ago LMAO Thanks permalink award report block reply
Cowboy888 4 points 4 days ago Play the game...."Who Can Outrun the Dumpster" permalink award report block reply LLP2 2 points 4 days ago Funny, the guy right before the crunch, who just happened to amble out of the way in time! permalink parent award report block reply
LLP2 2 points 4 days ago Funny, the guy right before the crunch, who just happened to amble out of the way in time! permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 3 points 4 days ago That’s why it’s called a garbage CAN and not a garbage CANNOT permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago lol permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago lol permalink parent award report block reply
Markosis17 3 points 4 days ago Never loved a dumpster so much. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 3 points 4 days ago kek permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 4 days ago Dang.... I was hoping it was going to be a public hanging. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 4 days ago those are the best permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 4 points 4 days ago those are the best permalink parent award report block reply
Agent_86 2 points 3 days ago Question Gran gran. If Yeshua were looking over your shoulder at the time, would you have posted this? permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I am so tired of being bullied. My belief in Jesus is that in all the 613 Jewish Laws and the 10 commandments then finally the Sermon on the Mount is Gods way of saying you asked for that measuring stick in the Garden of Eden and still cannot live up to it and now all you have is my grace; you will never be perfect. That is my belief. So even though we still have character defects or sins (and I have trouble with forgiving selfish people posing as humanitarians) I am still a part of the convenant. Being saved doesn't mean we do not still sin sweety. Sorry but sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind all in the right measures and many of the commies need a good swift kick in their ass.....sorry not sorry permalink parent award report block reply Agent_86 2 points 3 days ago Ok nice excuse. No one's perfect got it. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I pray God to help me with that though if it is any comfort Agent...but yes I have to be careful with that. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago Oh and one more thing I use to be a liberal and one after another times I FAFO and it made me think twice. I  am like AC/DC goodbye and good riddance to bad luck! permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I am so tired of being bullied. My belief in Jesus is that in all the 613 Jewish Laws and the 10 commandments then finally the Sermon on the Mount is Gods way of saying you asked for that measuring stick in the Garden of Eden and still cannot live up to it and now all you have is my grace; you will never be perfect. That is my belief. So even though we still have character defects or sins (and I have trouble with forgiving selfish people posing as humanitarians) I am still a part of the convenant. Being saved doesn't mean we do not still sin sweety. Sorry but sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind all in the right measures and many of the commies need a good swift kick in their ass.....sorry not sorry permalink parent award report block reply Agent_86 2 points 3 days ago Ok nice excuse. No one's perfect got it. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I pray God to help me with that though if it is any comfort Agent...but yes I have to be careful with that. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago Oh and one more thing I use to be a liberal and one after another times I FAFO and it made me think twice. I  am like AC/DC goodbye and good riddance to bad luck! permalink parent award report block reply
Agent_86 2 points 3 days ago Ok nice excuse. No one's perfect got it. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I pray God to help me with that though if it is any comfort Agent...but yes I have to be careful with that. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago I pray God to help me with that though if it is any comfort Agent...but yes I have to be careful with that. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP -1 points 3 days ago Oh and one more thing I use to be a liberal and one after another times I FAFO and it made me think twice. I  am like AC/DC goodbye and good riddance to bad luck! permalink parent award report block reply
DeplorableCentipede 2 points 4 days ago He valiantly protected the lives of those peace officers. permalink award report block reply
elmerecido 2 points 4 days ago I could watch this on a loop. permalink award report block reply
Snooptwo 2 points 4 days ago Can we just start using live rounds? The gov doesn’t have to. I just sighted in my 300 savage, I’ve shot a lot of deer with it but never a communist. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 4 points 4 days ago Nobody is going to give you permission.  You will or you won't. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 4 points 4 days ago Nobody is going to give you permission.  You will or you won't. permalink parent award report block reply
RedCalifornia 2 points 3 days ago They’re having a grate time. permalink award report block reply
Ndmand69 2 points 3 days ago Hope it pinched his pecker off!!! permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 1 points 4 days ago Enough is fucking enough. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 4 days ago ai slop permalink award report block reply
Christineblaseyford 1 points 3 days ago George Floyd was a saint!  Reee permalink award report block reply
EredAmlug 1 points 4 days ago lol what happened here? permalink award report block reply
SurveilThis 1 points 4 days ago A harmonic convergence of dipshit motions create a glorious meme. permalink award report block reply
mateus 0 points 4 days ago Why is this stickied? permalink award report block reply
Neversurrender123 3 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
rapskull 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply