497 Just a friendly reminder for all the pro government grocery store folks. We already did this communist nonsense. A few times actually. Here is the last unsuccessful attempt: Government run grocery shuts down after parasites rob it of $18 million in taxpayer funds. This will always be the case. DIDN'T  EARN  IT posted 5 days ago by BlackCrimesMatter 14 comments award share report block End Wokeness @EndWokeness • 3M BREAKING: City-run grocery in Kansas City shuts down due to rampant theft, barren shelves The city spent $18M to keep it open
14 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Electricutie 24 points 5 days ago We've done the experiments of 'collective ownership' time and time again, and they always end in death and suffering when enforced at scale.  It's perfectly fine when it's voluntary and within a capitalist system, but it never works the other way around.  In capitalist societies, you're perfectly free to voluntarily agree to share your resources and your profits with others, and nothing is preventing you from doing so. When you use the state to take away private ownership and force everyone to 'contribute what they're able' and 'take what they need' it never works.  Because human nature does not work that way. The most basic and simplest way to see this is to go to your local shopping center.  Everyone is free to take a shopping cart to use, and it's the least they can do to put it back where they found it.  Yet there will always be those who take what they want and contribute less than they're able.  Your idealized 'everyone working together and no one is selfish or greedy' utopia does not work at scale. The family unit is the smallest most distilled version of it.  Everyone pools their resources together and shares what they have for the benefit of each other.  They have the most reason to cooperate out of anyone, literally bound by blood.  Yet look at how many broken families there are, how many fall apart due to disagreements. Capitalism is the system which has brought the most prosperity to the most people in all of history by a far margin, and all socialist/communist experiments have only succeeded for the short length they did because of previous wealth generated by capitalism.  Capitalism and voluntary trade is a necessity for any reasonably large society to function for any extended period of time. Socialist systems only work for a short period when they're in small, resource-rich nations, with homogenous and high-trust societies.  This is impossible to make work at scale, in places without a pre-existing wealth of natural resources, and with any heterogenous and diverse populations.  i.e. the vast majority of the world.  Exploitation exists in every system, the same is true of socialist and communist societies.  It's just that exploitation is much harder to combat in those societies where power is far more centralized in the state.  No system is perfect because humans are not perfect.  We will always have to combat exploiters.  It's just far easier to do so under capitalism.  That doesn't mean it's objectively easy, but any reading of past 'collective' experiments shows how much harder and bloodier it is to do under other systems of economics. Again, I have nothing against those who choose that way of living voluntarily, which is perfectly acceptable in any capitalist society.  But forcing everyone to live that way whether they'd like to or not, and making capitalism and private ownership illegal is inherently immoral and unsustainable.  The state simply lacks the ability and competence to control every facet of economics at the scales we're talking about.  No one is able to do so.  It's only possible when each individual is in charge of themselves, and able to freely decide whether any one thing is worth the value it's being sold at, for them personally. Public healthcare is another example of socialism only working for a limited time with a small, resource-rich, homogenous, and high trust society.  Just look at the state of public health system of Canada and the UK, especially as demographics have changed.  There will always be more people wanting treatment than there are people who can provide the treatment and the resources needed to provide it. When capitalism is allowed to operate, it's the price of the resources and expertise which acts as the method of rationing, allowing every individual person to weigh the personal cost of not getting the treatment (pain, missed work, etc.) with the price of the treatment relative to the price of everything else in their life, and their ability to generate money. When the price is artificially made 'free', that decision-making goes out the window, and everyone will want to have every little issue or even potential issue looked at. And why not, health is important. But just because the price was eliminated doesn't mean there are any greater number of practitioners or resources. So the new method of rationing becomes wait times and general availability. People can't find help, and when they can, it's weeks, months, even years away. With price, it generally favors the elderly, who have had the most time to accumulate resources, and disfavors the young adult, who are the healthiest and expected to support themselves. Without price, it operates on first come, first serve, which disfavors the elderly who tend to be slow to get things done, as well as children who have working parents. It favors young adolescents who are the most mobile, and especially those with few responsibilities and lots of time to kill, and those living off the taxes of others. permalink award report block reply Gadsden 9 points 5 days ago Great comment. You need to go post this in the wider world. It's something we agree on here, so it's less valuable on these boards. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 8 points 5 days ago I post out in the wild whenever I come across a video or comment touting the benefits of socialism/communism and decrying the great evils of capitalism.  Originally wrote the comment during a pretty good debate with someone who I think was genuinely well-intentioned but just wildly misled.  If anyone wants, feel free to copy/paste the comment and spread the message, the more, the better! permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 6 points 5 days ago A student of history!  Well done. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 7 points 5 days ago ease of theft is a feature not a failure permalink award report block reply 62jawbill 6 points 5 days ago Don't worry, your kids will just steal it. permalink award report block reply pookiee68 5 points 5 days ago I hope the cockroaches all starve to death. All of them. permalink award report block reply hey_spike 4 points 5 days ago Problem with socialism is the lazy. Problem with capitalism is the greedy. But greediness can be harnessed, laziness cannot. permalink award report block reply BillGateCanSuckIt 4 points 5 days ago Audit. permalink award report block reply b00nis 4 points 5 days ago Anyone remember Panera cares? Just pay what you can. How’d that work out? permalink award report block reply moscowjade 3 points 5 days ago Whey I gunna go gits stuff fo mah keeds? How about the employment office? permalink award report block reply Sunnywindows 3 points 5 days ago What astounds me is that she is unaware of other grocery stores in the area.  Is this ignorance, or do the commercial stores have food at the market price, and she believes she can’t afford them? permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 2 points 5 days ago I can't wait to see this broadly across NYC permalink award report block reply ACActual 2 points 5 days ago She's upset because now she has to drive to white neighborhoods where Cops won't put up with shoplifting.  Too bad ass hole permalink award report block reply
Electricutie 24 points 5 days ago We've done the experiments of 'collective ownership' time and time again, and they always end in death and suffering when enforced at scale.  It's perfectly fine when it's voluntary and within a capitalist system, but it never works the other way around.  In capitalist societies, you're perfectly free to voluntarily agree to share your resources and your profits with others, and nothing is preventing you from doing so. When you use the state to take away private ownership and force everyone to 'contribute what they're able' and 'take what they need' it never works.  Because human nature does not work that way. The most basic and simplest way to see this is to go to your local shopping center.  Everyone is free to take a shopping cart to use, and it's the least they can do to put it back where they found it.  Yet there will always be those who take what they want and contribute less than they're able.  Your idealized 'everyone working together and no one is selfish or greedy' utopia does not work at scale. The family unit is the smallest most distilled version of it.  Everyone pools their resources together and shares what they have for the benefit of each other.  They have the most reason to cooperate out of anyone, literally bound by blood.  Yet look at how many broken families there are, how many fall apart due to disagreements. Capitalism is the system which has brought the most prosperity to the most people in all of history by a far margin, and all socialist/communist experiments have only succeeded for the short length they did because of previous wealth generated by capitalism.  Capitalism and voluntary trade is a necessity for any reasonably large society to function for any extended period of time. Socialist systems only work for a short period when they're in small, resource-rich nations, with homogenous and high-trust societies.  This is impossible to make work at scale, in places without a pre-existing wealth of natural resources, and with any heterogenous and diverse populations.  i.e. the vast majority of the world.  Exploitation exists in every system, the same is true of socialist and communist societies.  It's just that exploitation is much harder to combat in those societies where power is far more centralized in the state.  No system is perfect because humans are not perfect.  We will always have to combat exploiters.  It's just far easier to do so under capitalism.  That doesn't mean it's objectively easy, but any reading of past 'collective' experiments shows how much harder and bloodier it is to do under other systems of economics. Again, I have nothing against those who choose that way of living voluntarily, which is perfectly acceptable in any capitalist society.  But forcing everyone to live that way whether they'd like to or not, and making capitalism and private ownership illegal is inherently immoral and unsustainable.  The state simply lacks the ability and competence to control every facet of economics at the scales we're talking about.  No one is able to do so.  It's only possible when each individual is in charge of themselves, and able to freely decide whether any one thing is worth the value it's being sold at, for them personally. Public healthcare is another example of socialism only working for a limited time with a small, resource-rich, homogenous, and high trust society.  Just look at the state of public health system of Canada and the UK, especially as demographics have changed.  There will always be more people wanting treatment than there are people who can provide the treatment and the resources needed to provide it. When capitalism is allowed to operate, it's the price of the resources and expertise which acts as the method of rationing, allowing every individual person to weigh the personal cost of not getting the treatment (pain, missed work, etc.) with the price of the treatment relative to the price of everything else in their life, and their ability to generate money. When the price is artificially made 'free', that decision-making goes out the window, and everyone will want to have every little issue or even potential issue looked at. And why not, health is important. But just because the price was eliminated doesn't mean there are any greater number of practitioners or resources. So the new method of rationing becomes wait times and general availability. People can't find help, and when they can, it's weeks, months, even years away. With price, it generally favors the elderly, who have had the most time to accumulate resources, and disfavors the young adult, who are the healthiest and expected to support themselves. Without price, it operates on first come, first serve, which disfavors the elderly who tend to be slow to get things done, as well as children who have working parents. It favors young adolescents who are the most mobile, and especially those with few responsibilities and lots of time to kill, and those living off the taxes of others. permalink award report block reply Gadsden 9 points 5 days ago Great comment. You need to go post this in the wider world. It's something we agree on here, so it's less valuable on these boards. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 8 points 5 days ago I post out in the wild whenever I come across a video or comment touting the benefits of socialism/communism and decrying the great evils of capitalism.  Originally wrote the comment during a pretty good debate with someone who I think was genuinely well-intentioned but just wildly misled.  If anyone wants, feel free to copy/paste the comment and spread the message, the more, the better! permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 6 points 5 days ago A student of history!  Well done. permalink parent award report block reply
Gadsden 9 points 5 days ago Great comment. You need to go post this in the wider world. It's something we agree on here, so it's less valuable on these boards. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 8 points 5 days ago I post out in the wild whenever I come across a video or comment touting the benefits of socialism/communism and decrying the great evils of capitalism.  Originally wrote the comment during a pretty good debate with someone who I think was genuinely well-intentioned but just wildly misled.  If anyone wants, feel free to copy/paste the comment and spread the message, the more, the better! permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 6 points 5 days ago A student of history!  Well done. permalink parent award report block reply
Electricutie 8 points 5 days ago I post out in the wild whenever I come across a video or comment touting the benefits of socialism/communism and decrying the great evils of capitalism.  Originally wrote the comment during a pretty good debate with someone who I think was genuinely well-intentioned but just wildly misled.  If anyone wants, feel free to copy/paste the comment and spread the message, the more, the better! permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 6 points 5 days ago A student of history!  Well done. permalink parent award report block reply
Atlis34 6 points 5 days ago A student of history!  Well done. permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 7 points 5 days ago ease of theft is a feature not a failure permalink award report block reply
62jawbill 6 points 5 days ago Don't worry, your kids will just steal it. permalink award report block reply
pookiee68 5 points 5 days ago I hope the cockroaches all starve to death. All of them. permalink award report block reply
hey_spike 4 points 5 days ago Problem with socialism is the lazy. Problem with capitalism is the greedy. But greediness can be harnessed, laziness cannot. permalink award report block reply
BillGateCanSuckIt 4 points 5 days ago Audit. permalink award report block reply
b00nis 4 points 5 days ago Anyone remember Panera cares? Just pay what you can. How’d that work out? permalink award report block reply
moscowjade 3 points 5 days ago Whey I gunna go gits stuff fo mah keeds? How about the employment office? permalink award report block reply
Sunnywindows 3 points 5 days ago What astounds me is that she is unaware of other grocery stores in the area.  Is this ignorance, or do the commercial stores have food at the market price, and she believes she can’t afford them? permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 2 points 5 days ago I can't wait to see this broadly across NYC permalink award report block reply
ACActual 2 points 5 days ago She's upset because now she has to drive to white neighborhoods where Cops won't put up with shoplifting.  Too bad ass hole permalink award report block reply