56 This is a thinking class. posted 2 hours ago by rdvs34283 5 comments award share report block The Disrespected Trucker @DisrespectedThe • 6h The media pushes narratives.
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style Crappydatum 5 points 1 hour ago Show me the next week when None of those students show up permalink award report block reply rabbidlemur 7 points 55 minutes ago He streams all of his classes.  Its a really interesting class.  The  channel is named soc119.  Hes a masterful teacher. permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 hour ago The instructor was probably fired after this class because he hurt the women's dicks! permalink parent award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 1 hour ago Now do Abortions! permalink award report block reply Skogin 1 points 49 minutes ago No! Stop doing that! permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 5 points 1 hour ago Show me the next week when None of those students show up permalink award report block reply rabbidlemur 7 points 55 minutes ago He streams all of his classes.  Its a really interesting class.  The  channel is named soc119.  Hes a masterful teacher. permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 hour ago The instructor was probably fired after this class because he hurt the women's dicks! permalink parent award report block reply
rabbidlemur 7 points 55 minutes ago He streams all of his classes.  Its a really interesting class.  The  channel is named soc119.  Hes a masterful teacher. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 hour ago The instructor was probably fired after this class because he hurt the women's dicks! permalink parent award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 1 hour ago Now do Abortions! permalink award report block reply Skogin 1 points 49 minutes ago No! Stop doing that! permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 1 points 49 minutes ago No! Stop doing that! permalink parent award report block reply