389 This story is completely insane. A random Chinese couple supposedly wandered into rural Missouri via Canada because they always dreamed of running an RV park in the middle of nowhere, right next to the Air Force base with the B2 bomber fleet. posted 2 days ago by SweetBeef 26 comments award share report block Hans Mahncke @HansMahncke • 2d This story is completely insane. A random Chinese couple supposedly wandered into rural Missouri via Canada because they always dreamed of running an RV park in the middle of nowhere, right next to the Air Force base with the B2 bomber fleet. Byron Wan @Byron_Wan • 2d 🇺🇸 Whiteman AFB, the base for all 19 operational B-2 Spirit nuclear-capable stealth bombers, shares a fence with the Knob Noster Trailer Park in Missouri. The RV park is one of several properties near US military interests acquired by a web of shell companies ultimately owned by
26 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save JimQPublic 40 points 2 days ago I've said it before and I'll say it again.  China does not have students.  China does not have tourists.  China has spies . permalink award report block reply MastaJoda -2 points 2 days ago eh fuck it...lets bomb some boats off Venezuela instead of handling the CCP staging spies next to all of our military bases, amirite boys!? Woooooo! permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 9 points 2 days ago One has nothing to do with the other.  We can do both. Some of you people are dumb as actual fuck. permalink parent award report block reply Stlpoolguy 18 points 2 days ago Rv parks..... That's so they can have rocket launchers mounted on rolling chassis disguised as an rv. Remember the shipping container based nukes that china unveiled a few years back?  Wouldn't be surprised to see a couple of those sitting around the back of the ol rv park. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 2 days ago Remember Operation Spiderweb in Russia where drones illegally attacked their nuclear triad planes, the ones that have to publicly disclose their location for world stability. We are much more open and unguarded than Russia permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 2 days ago I admire the creative thinking but why couldn't you just have the same concept on any old property, given that it's a rural area? nobody is going to blink at you having an RV or even a multitude of seemingly derelict vehicles on your property in a rural area. don't think that they need an RV park in order to put a complex disguised rolling chassis, if anything I'd say the benefit of it being an RV park is domiciling personnel that come and go from the area without drawing too much attention. permalink parent award report block reply invalid_data 1 points 1 day ago You dont need missiles anymore. Get an RV full of drones, easy done. Get a couple RVs full of drones, absolute destruction. permalink parent award report block reply Doomsday545 17 points 2 days ago So when exactly did we stop executing spies? Why don't we go back to that? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 7 points 2 days ago Dude they'll let them go back to China like all the rest instead of real accountability. Its all fake and gay. We need a 2nd Revolution... permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 2 days ago When we ceased to be in a declared war in 1945. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago HoganP 1 points 1 day ago They were tried and convicted for espionage during wartime . Prosecution considered also charging them with Treason for the same reason, but they already had them on espionage and didn't want challenges to that to drag down the rest of the prosecution.  The concern being that the federal government had and has never prosecuted civilians for treason.  Or anyone outside of wartime. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago view 3 more comments... nolefthandshakes 2 points 2 days ago we’ll probably give them a scholarship and tour of the white house. progress! permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 2 days ago A random Chinese couple Uh huh. permalink award report block reply Light_HIV_Effect 7 points 2 days ago You think China allows US citizens to just buy up land in China and do business right next to their military bases? We better smarten up or we're going to lose permalink award report block reply Afeazo 3 points 2 days ago Somewhat unrelated but what is the deal with RV parks in Missouri? Every state I go to I seem to notice one random thing inside you don't see elsewhere, and Missouri seems to have WAY more RV parks and just RV's on the road than any other state. I am not even saying run down RV's with people living in them full time, theres so many nice RV parks and really nice RV's all around. permalink award report block reply SweetBeef OP 3 points 2 days ago https://x.com/HansMahncke/status/1988070213812973755 permalink award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 1 day ago Things that should be more alarming and national news, for $300, Alex. permalink award report block reply HoganP 1 points 2 days ago Gotta say, Knob Noster Trailer Park is an epic name for a trailer park. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Put them in Florence Supermax, pending the firing squad. permalink award report block reply Creepy_Joe 1 points 1 day ago At least the B-2s don't have to fly very far to bomb it. permalink award report block reply Protonboy 1 points 2 days ago Gee-a good ol' Mom-and-Pop operation! permalink award report block reply
JimQPublic 40 points 2 days ago I've said it before and I'll say it again.  China does not have students.  China does not have tourists.  China has spies . permalink award report block reply MastaJoda -2 points 2 days ago eh fuck it...lets bomb some boats off Venezuela instead of handling the CCP staging spies next to all of our military bases, amirite boys!? Woooooo! permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 9 points 2 days ago One has nothing to do with the other.  We can do both. Some of you people are dumb as actual fuck. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda -2 points 2 days ago eh fuck it...lets bomb some boats off Venezuela instead of handling the CCP staging spies next to all of our military bases, amirite boys!? Woooooo! permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 9 points 2 days ago One has nothing to do with the other.  We can do both. Some of you people are dumb as actual fuck. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 9 points 2 days ago One has nothing to do with the other.  We can do both. Some of you people are dumb as actual fuck. permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 18 points 2 days ago Rv parks..... That's so they can have rocket launchers mounted on rolling chassis disguised as an rv. Remember the shipping container based nukes that china unveiled a few years back?  Wouldn't be surprised to see a couple of those sitting around the back of the ol rv park. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 2 days ago Remember Operation Spiderweb in Russia where drones illegally attacked their nuclear triad planes, the ones that have to publicly disclose their location for world stability. We are much more open and unguarded than Russia permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 2 days ago I admire the creative thinking but why couldn't you just have the same concept on any old property, given that it's a rural area? nobody is going to blink at you having an RV or even a multitude of seemingly derelict vehicles on your property in a rural area. don't think that they need an RV park in order to put a complex disguised rolling chassis, if anything I'd say the benefit of it being an RV park is domiciling personnel that come and go from the area without drawing too much attention. permalink parent award report block reply invalid_data 1 points 1 day ago You dont need missiles anymore. Get an RV full of drones, easy done. Get a couple RVs full of drones, absolute destruction. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 2 days ago Remember Operation Spiderweb in Russia where drones illegally attacked their nuclear triad planes, the ones that have to publicly disclose their location for world stability. We are much more open and unguarded than Russia permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 2 points 2 days ago I admire the creative thinking but why couldn't you just have the same concept on any old property, given that it's a rural area? nobody is going to blink at you having an RV or even a multitude of seemingly derelict vehicles on your property in a rural area. don't think that they need an RV park in order to put a complex disguised rolling chassis, if anything I'd say the benefit of it being an RV park is domiciling personnel that come and go from the area without drawing too much attention. permalink parent award report block reply
invalid_data 1 points 1 day ago You dont need missiles anymore. Get an RV full of drones, easy done. Get a couple RVs full of drones, absolute destruction. permalink parent award report block reply
Doomsday545 17 points 2 days ago So when exactly did we stop executing spies? Why don't we go back to that? permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 7 points 2 days ago Dude they'll let them go back to China like all the rest instead of real accountability. Its all fake and gay. We need a 2nd Revolution... permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 2 days ago When we ceased to be in a declared war in 1945. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago HoganP 1 points 1 day ago They were tried and convicted for espionage during wartime . Prosecution considered also charging them with Treason for the same reason, but they already had them on espionage and didn't want challenges to that to drag down the rest of the prosecution.  The concern being that the federal government had and has never prosecuted civilians for treason.  Or anyone outside of wartime. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago view 3 more comments... nolefthandshakes 2 points 2 days ago we’ll probably give them a scholarship and tour of the white house. progress! permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 7 points 2 days ago Dude they'll let them go back to China like all the rest instead of real accountability. Its all fake and gay. We need a 2nd Revolution... permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 3 points 2 days ago When we ceased to be in a declared war in 1945. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago HoganP 1 points 1 day ago They were tried and convicted for espionage during wartime . Prosecution considered also charging them with Treason for the same reason, but they already had them on espionage and didn't want challenges to that to drag down the rest of the prosecution.  The concern being that the federal government had and has never prosecuted civilians for treason.  Or anyone outside of wartime. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago view 3 more comments...
deleted 1 points 1 day ago HoganP 1 points 1 day ago They were tried and convicted for espionage during wartime . Prosecution considered also charging them with Treason for the same reason, but they already had them on espionage and didn't want challenges to that to drag down the rest of the prosecution.  The concern being that the federal government had and has never prosecuted civilians for treason.  Or anyone outside of wartime. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago view 3 more comments...
HoganP 1 points 1 day ago They were tried and convicted for espionage during wartime . Prosecution considered also charging them with Treason for the same reason, but they already had them on espionage and didn't want challenges to that to drag down the rest of the prosecution.  The concern being that the federal government had and has never prosecuted civilians for treason.  Or anyone outside of wartime. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago view 3 more comments...
deleted 1 points 1 day ago view 3 more comments...
nolefthandshakes 2 points 2 days ago we’ll probably give them a scholarship and tour of the white house. progress! permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 8 points 2 days ago A random Chinese couple Uh huh. permalink award report block reply
Light_HIV_Effect 7 points 2 days ago You think China allows US citizens to just buy up land in China and do business right next to their military bases? We better smarten up or we're going to lose permalink award report block reply
Afeazo 3 points 2 days ago Somewhat unrelated but what is the deal with RV parks in Missouri? Every state I go to I seem to notice one random thing inside you don't see elsewhere, and Missouri seems to have WAY more RV parks and just RV's on the road than any other state. I am not even saying run down RV's with people living in them full time, theres so many nice RV parks and really nice RV's all around. permalink award report block reply
SweetBeef OP 3 points 2 days ago https://x.com/HansMahncke/status/1988070213812973755 permalink award report block reply
UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 1 day ago Things that should be more alarming and national news, for $300, Alex. permalink award report block reply
HoganP 1 points 2 days ago Gotta say, Knob Noster Trailer Park is an epic name for a trailer park. permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Put them in Florence Supermax, pending the firing squad. permalink award report block reply
Creepy_Joe 1 points 1 day ago At least the B-2s don't have to fly very far to bomb it. permalink award report block reply
Protonboy 1 points 2 days ago Gee-a good ol' Mom-and-Pop operation! permalink award report block reply