1216 ‘This Was a Failure’: Sen. John Fetterman Apologizes to Those Hurt by Democrat Government Shutdown (www.breitbart.com) posted 2 days ago by Sea_Still 45 comments award share report block Fetterman Apologizes to Those Hurt by 'Failure' of Democrat Shutdown Sen. John Fetterman (D-PA) said the Democrat shutdown should never have happened and reiterated that he tried to help end it multiple times. www.breitbart.com
45 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 64 points 2 days ago The stuff you say when you’re an idiot, but smarter than most on the left. permalink award report block reply Sea_Still OP 58 points 2 days ago The Democrat with literal brain damage is the only one making sense permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 24 points 2 days ago It's amazing to watch XD. I actually like Fetterman to be honest. He actually seems like a real politician not the empty suits there just for the gibs and corruption. Even if I disagree with the Left's version of Liberalism. I'd vote if I lived in Pennsylvania for him against anyone the dems would try to run against him. They will try to primary him and put in someone even more retarded. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 19 points 2 days ago Fetterman is saying what he needs to say to win in his purple state. If he goes full TDS he will lose re-election guaranteed. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 7 points 2 days ago Dudes gone. Local subreddits are fired up. He will be primaried permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago True. TDS is just one of many excuses to get nothing useful done. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 2 points 2 days ago No. If they want him back, they will cheat.  PA is lost for a senate race.  Philadelphia cheat machine will kick in like always. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 days ago Until the shutdown vote he still voted with the Democrats. He might vote more reasonably now that the left is going to primary him. I guess his scam is working because he constantly gets praised despite voting for the left 99% of the time. Oddly, all the people who voted for the shutdown are in Purple districts where they had benefit from not voting on the left. The Democrats only gave up the fight for a month or two for better optics. It’s highly likely all of this in the participants are absolutely planned. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago His handler/wife is a communist illegal alien from Brazil. His role is what Manchin's was - the blue dog rope-a-dope schtick. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 4 points 2 days ago Same, I think he is great! Imagine if the Democrats and leftists were all like him? That would actually be a dream because it would be a return to sanity. In the coming decade/decades, as the Overton Window continues to shift, we may get more politicians like him if we are lucky. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago Yeah I would prefer they at least try to resemble some sort of Moderate. permalink parent award report block reply Philhelm 6 points 2 days ago Horseshoe effect in action.  Intelligent people and dullards reaching the same conclusions while the midwits have their shit all fucked up and retarded. permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 2 days ago The dullards get there by observation, the genius can tell you WHY it happens, the midwits just need to get my coffee order right since their basket weaving degree is worthless. permalink parent award report block reply FuckGroverCleveland 3 points 2 days ago I thought he was interesting when he was on Rogan. Almost sounded like a reasonable fella, and then Joe brought up immigration and you could practically hear the Democrat Talking Point switch be flipped on. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 2 days ago And then he'll go vote left on every policy that matters. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 10 points 2 days ago Dude is getting totally roasted in the local pittsburgh subreddit. Fuckin guy votes Democrat 99.99% of the time and they are now calling for him to he ousted. ... None of the Democrat defectors are up for reelection though.... permalink parent award report block reply 4886Battery 2 points 2 days ago The Pittsburgh subreddit is cancer now since it is was taken over by communists about five years ago.  It's even worse than the NYC and DC subs, absolute denial of reality and banning of anyone who is right of center. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 3 points 2 days ago The big thing is he is actually an idiot.  He's a Democrat, but he occasionally actually gets things right.  If the rest were just idiots they would be like him, but they are ALWAYS anti-American.  With the rest it's not idiocy, it's intentional. permalink parent award report block reply YesImWhite 2 points 2 days ago I think he is just too dumb to do the lying game they all do openly lol permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 16 points 2 days ago Unfetteredman. permalink award report block reply KevO4444 13 points 2 days ago He wants the Senator Manchin role for decade or two. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Yeah Styx said Manchin was essentially the Consul of the senate 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 2 days ago That’s a meme that has potential. Combine it with Kamala’s you will be unburdened by whatever shit. permalink parent award report block reply Sideways 11 points 2 days ago it almost seams like after the brain injury he had a come to Jesus moment permalink award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 8 points 2 days ago How many French Fried Potaters you reckon I can get with this here EBT card? permalink award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 1 points 2 days ago Mmmmhmm permalink parent award report block reply CaliAli 5 points 2 days ago As Senator Fetterman's brain heals from the stroke, he becomes smarter and smarter. permalink award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 5 points 2 days ago I'm hurt the shutdown is over. It was the best thing Democrats ever did. permalink award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 5 points 2 days ago What are we on ... Fetterman v4 now dude doesn't even look the same. permalink award report block reply schism 5 points 2 days ago "I’m sorry to our military, SNAP recipients, gov workers, and Capitol Police who haven’t been paid in weeks." SNAP recepients don't get "paid", Senator.  We owe them nothing.  They don't work in exchange for that money. permalink award report block reply ChilledCovfefe 4 points 2 days ago Stop making me like you FETTERMAN! permalink award report block reply boredrandomguy 4 points 2 days ago I suspect the stroke he had killed at least part of the libtard brain virus. He should be examined for research towards a cure. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 4 points 2 days ago There's got to be other people here besides me that have noticed that once Fetterman disappeared for a while, then reappeared without that conjoined twin attached to his neck, he's been pretty sane?  What the fuck was that thing on his neck, and how was it making him so retarded?  Did they just swap him out for a body double? permalink award report block reply PUNCHSPLOSION 3 points 2 days ago All those nail salon technicians suffered because of you, John!!! permalink award report block reply TedWLieu 3 points 2 days ago Good dude. Stood firm during the 4/5 weeks. permalink award report block reply throttlejohnson 2 points 2 days ago uncle fester ain't wrong permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 2 days ago https://youtu.be/8oW4DgDGheI?t=118 permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Sloth love Chunk! Heeeey you guuuuys! permalink award report block reply paramour 1 points 2 days ago Come home, John. We need more folks like you. permalink award report block reply ShitFromShinola -7 points 2 days ago You realize that the Dems were the ones trying to keep people from losing their health insurance because the Republicans have cut the subsidies. Right? Remember this when 24 million voters have their health insurance premiums double 10 months before the midterms. The Democrats won't need to cheat to win the House and Senate. And I promise you, the last two years of Trump's final term in office will be a parade of committee investigations and a third impeachment trial. And this time, you may well see Republican Senators vote to throw Trump out of office. This all will happen, just in time for the 2028 election. Fucking Republican geniuses swim into the net every time!!! permalink award report block reply chewsoap 4 points 2 days ago Thanks Obama! permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 2 points 2 days ago This wouldn't be a problem if the Trump fulfilled his promise of a replacement plan for Obamacare in his first term. Almost a decade later and there is still no plan from Trump. This problem is not going to go away, either. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 64 points 2 days ago The stuff you say when you’re an idiot, but smarter than most on the left. permalink award report block reply Sea_Still OP 58 points 2 days ago The Democrat with literal brain damage is the only one making sense permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 24 points 2 days ago It's amazing to watch XD. I actually like Fetterman to be honest. He actually seems like a real politician not the empty suits there just for the gibs and corruption. Even if I disagree with the Left's version of Liberalism. I'd vote if I lived in Pennsylvania for him against anyone the dems would try to run against him. They will try to primary him and put in someone even more retarded. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 19 points 2 days ago Fetterman is saying what he needs to say to win in his purple state. If he goes full TDS he will lose re-election guaranteed. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 7 points 2 days ago Dudes gone. Local subreddits are fired up. He will be primaried permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago True. TDS is just one of many excuses to get nothing useful done. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 2 points 2 days ago No. If they want him back, they will cheat.  PA is lost for a senate race.  Philadelphia cheat machine will kick in like always. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 days ago Until the shutdown vote he still voted with the Democrats. He might vote more reasonably now that the left is going to primary him. I guess his scam is working because he constantly gets praised despite voting for the left 99% of the time. Oddly, all the people who voted for the shutdown are in Purple districts where they had benefit from not voting on the left. The Democrats only gave up the fight for a month or two for better optics. It’s highly likely all of this in the participants are absolutely planned. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago His handler/wife is a communist illegal alien from Brazil. His role is what Manchin's was - the blue dog rope-a-dope schtick. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 4 points 2 days ago Same, I think he is great! Imagine if the Democrats and leftists were all like him? That would actually be a dream because it would be a return to sanity. In the coming decade/decades, as the Overton Window continues to shift, we may get more politicians like him if we are lucky. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago Yeah I would prefer they at least try to resemble some sort of Moderate. permalink parent award report block reply Philhelm 6 points 2 days ago Horseshoe effect in action.  Intelligent people and dullards reaching the same conclusions while the midwits have their shit all fucked up and retarded. permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 2 days ago The dullards get there by observation, the genius can tell you WHY it happens, the midwits just need to get my coffee order right since their basket weaving degree is worthless. permalink parent award report block reply FuckGroverCleveland 3 points 2 days ago I thought he was interesting when he was on Rogan. Almost sounded like a reasonable fella, and then Joe brought up immigration and you could practically hear the Democrat Talking Point switch be flipped on. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 2 days ago And then he'll go vote left on every policy that matters. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 10 points 2 days ago Dude is getting totally roasted in the local pittsburgh subreddit. Fuckin guy votes Democrat 99.99% of the time and they are now calling for him to he ousted. ... None of the Democrat defectors are up for reelection though.... permalink parent award report block reply 4886Battery 2 points 2 days ago The Pittsburgh subreddit is cancer now since it is was taken over by communists about five years ago.  It's even worse than the NYC and DC subs, absolute denial of reality and banning of anyone who is right of center. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 3 points 2 days ago The big thing is he is actually an idiot.  He's a Democrat, but he occasionally actually gets things right.  If the rest were just idiots they would be like him, but they are ALWAYS anti-American.  With the rest it's not idiocy, it's intentional. permalink parent award report block reply YesImWhite 2 points 2 days ago I think he is just too dumb to do the lying game they all do openly lol permalink parent award report block reply
Sea_Still OP 58 points 2 days ago The Democrat with literal brain damage is the only one making sense permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 24 points 2 days ago It's amazing to watch XD. I actually like Fetterman to be honest. He actually seems like a real politician not the empty suits there just for the gibs and corruption. Even if I disagree with the Left's version of Liberalism. I'd vote if I lived in Pennsylvania for him against anyone the dems would try to run against him. They will try to primary him and put in someone even more retarded. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 19 points 2 days ago Fetterman is saying what he needs to say to win in his purple state. If he goes full TDS he will lose re-election guaranteed. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 7 points 2 days ago Dudes gone. Local subreddits are fired up. He will be primaried permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago True. TDS is just one of many excuses to get nothing useful done. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 2 points 2 days ago No. If they want him back, they will cheat.  PA is lost for a senate race.  Philadelphia cheat machine will kick in like always. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 days ago Until the shutdown vote he still voted with the Democrats. He might vote more reasonably now that the left is going to primary him. I guess his scam is working because he constantly gets praised despite voting for the left 99% of the time. Oddly, all the people who voted for the shutdown are in Purple districts where they had benefit from not voting on the left. The Democrats only gave up the fight for a month or two for better optics. It’s highly likely all of this in the participants are absolutely planned. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago His handler/wife is a communist illegal alien from Brazil. His role is what Manchin's was - the blue dog rope-a-dope schtick. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 4 points 2 days ago Same, I think he is great! Imagine if the Democrats and leftists were all like him? That would actually be a dream because it would be a return to sanity. In the coming decade/decades, as the Overton Window continues to shift, we may get more politicians like him if we are lucky. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago Yeah I would prefer they at least try to resemble some sort of Moderate. permalink parent award report block reply Philhelm 6 points 2 days ago Horseshoe effect in action.  Intelligent people and dullards reaching the same conclusions while the midwits have their shit all fucked up and retarded. permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 2 days ago The dullards get there by observation, the genius can tell you WHY it happens, the midwits just need to get my coffee order right since their basket weaving degree is worthless. permalink parent award report block reply FuckGroverCleveland 3 points 2 days ago I thought he was interesting when he was on Rogan. Almost sounded like a reasonable fella, and then Joe brought up immigration and you could practically hear the Democrat Talking Point switch be flipped on. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 2 days ago And then he'll go vote left on every policy that matters. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 24 points 2 days ago It's amazing to watch XD. I actually like Fetterman to be honest. He actually seems like a real politician not the empty suits there just for the gibs and corruption. Even if I disagree with the Left's version of Liberalism. I'd vote if I lived in Pennsylvania for him against anyone the dems would try to run against him. They will try to primary him and put in someone even more retarded. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 19 points 2 days ago Fetterman is saying what he needs to say to win in his purple state. If he goes full TDS he will lose re-election guaranteed. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 7 points 2 days ago Dudes gone. Local subreddits are fired up. He will be primaried permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago True. TDS is just one of many excuses to get nothing useful done. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 2 points 2 days ago No. If they want him back, they will cheat.  PA is lost for a senate race.  Philadelphia cheat machine will kick in like always. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 days ago Until the shutdown vote he still voted with the Democrats. He might vote more reasonably now that the left is going to primary him. I guess his scam is working because he constantly gets praised despite voting for the left 99% of the time. Oddly, all the people who voted for the shutdown are in Purple districts where they had benefit from not voting on the left. The Democrats only gave up the fight for a month or two for better optics. It’s highly likely all of this in the participants are absolutely planned. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago His handler/wife is a communist illegal alien from Brazil. His role is what Manchin's was - the blue dog rope-a-dope schtick. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 4 points 2 days ago Same, I think he is great! Imagine if the Democrats and leftists were all like him? That would actually be a dream because it would be a return to sanity. In the coming decade/decades, as the Overton Window continues to shift, we may get more politicians like him if we are lucky. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago Yeah I would prefer they at least try to resemble some sort of Moderate. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 19 points 2 days ago Fetterman is saying what he needs to say to win in his purple state. If he goes full TDS he will lose re-election guaranteed. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 7 points 2 days ago Dudes gone. Local subreddits are fired up. He will be primaried permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago True. TDS is just one of many excuses to get nothing useful done. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 2 points 2 days ago No. If they want him back, they will cheat.  PA is lost for a senate race.  Philadelphia cheat machine will kick in like always. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 days ago Until the shutdown vote he still voted with the Democrats. He might vote more reasonably now that the left is going to primary him. I guess his scam is working because he constantly gets praised despite voting for the left 99% of the time. Oddly, all the people who voted for the shutdown are in Purple districts where they had benefit from not voting on the left. The Democrats only gave up the fight for a month or two for better optics. It’s highly likely all of this in the participants are absolutely planned. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 7 points 2 days ago Dudes gone. Local subreddits are fired up. He will be primaried permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago True. TDS is just one of many excuses to get nothing useful done. permalink parent award report block reply
Sgt_Hulka 2 points 2 days ago No. If they want him back, they will cheat.  PA is lost for a senate race.  Philadelphia cheat machine will kick in like always. permalink parent award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 days ago Until the shutdown vote he still voted with the Democrats. He might vote more reasonably now that the left is going to primary him. I guess his scam is working because he constantly gets praised despite voting for the left 99% of the time. Oddly, all the people who voted for the shutdown are in Purple districts where they had benefit from not voting on the left. The Democrats only gave up the fight for a month or two for better optics. It’s highly likely all of this in the participants are absolutely planned. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago His handler/wife is a communist illegal alien from Brazil. His role is what Manchin's was - the blue dog rope-a-dope schtick. permalink parent award report block reply
Yheymos 4 points 2 days ago Same, I think he is great! Imagine if the Democrats and leftists were all like him? That would actually be a dream because it would be a return to sanity. In the coming decade/decades, as the Overton Window continues to shift, we may get more politicians like him if we are lucky. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago Yeah I would prefer they at least try to resemble some sort of Moderate. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 2 points 2 days ago Yeah I would prefer they at least try to resemble some sort of Moderate. permalink parent award report block reply
Philhelm 6 points 2 days ago Horseshoe effect in action.  Intelligent people and dullards reaching the same conclusions while the midwits have their shit all fucked up and retarded. permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 2 days ago The dullards get there by observation, the genius can tell you WHY it happens, the midwits just need to get my coffee order right since their basket weaving degree is worthless. permalink parent award report block reply
NeoDragoon 2 points 2 days ago The dullards get there by observation, the genius can tell you WHY it happens, the midwits just need to get my coffee order right since their basket weaving degree is worthless. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckGroverCleveland 3 points 2 days ago I thought he was interesting when he was on Rogan. Almost sounded like a reasonable fella, and then Joe brought up immigration and you could practically hear the Democrat Talking Point switch be flipped on. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 1 points 2 days ago And then he'll go vote left on every policy that matters. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 10 points 2 days ago Dude is getting totally roasted in the local pittsburgh subreddit. Fuckin guy votes Democrat 99.99% of the time and they are now calling for him to he ousted. ... None of the Democrat defectors are up for reelection though.... permalink parent award report block reply 4886Battery 2 points 2 days ago The Pittsburgh subreddit is cancer now since it is was taken over by communists about five years ago.  It's even worse than the NYC and DC subs, absolute denial of reality and banning of anyone who is right of center. permalink parent award report block reply
4886Battery 2 points 2 days ago The Pittsburgh subreddit is cancer now since it is was taken over by communists about five years ago.  It's even worse than the NYC and DC subs, absolute denial of reality and banning of anyone who is right of center. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 3 points 2 days ago The big thing is he is actually an idiot.  He's a Democrat, but he occasionally actually gets things right.  If the rest were just idiots they would be like him, but they are ALWAYS anti-American.  With the rest it's not idiocy, it's intentional. permalink parent award report block reply
YesImWhite 2 points 2 days ago I think he is just too dumb to do the lying game they all do openly lol permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 16 points 2 days ago Unfetteredman. permalink award report block reply KevO4444 13 points 2 days ago He wants the Senator Manchin role for decade or two. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Yeah Styx said Manchin was essentially the Consul of the senate 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 2 days ago That’s a meme that has potential. Combine it with Kamala’s you will be unburdened by whatever shit. permalink parent award report block reply
KevO4444 13 points 2 days ago He wants the Senator Manchin role for decade or two. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Yeah Styx said Manchin was essentially the Consul of the senate 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 6 points 2 days ago Yeah Styx said Manchin was essentially the Consul of the senate 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 4 points 2 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 4 points 2 days ago That’s a meme that has potential. Combine it with Kamala’s you will be unburdened by whatever shit. permalink parent award report block reply
Sideways 11 points 2 days ago it almost seams like after the brain injury he had a come to Jesus moment permalink award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 8 points 2 days ago How many French Fried Potaters you reckon I can get with this here EBT card? permalink award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 1 points 2 days ago Mmmmhmm permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 1 points 2 days ago Mmmmhmm permalink parent award report block reply
CaliAli 5 points 2 days ago As Senator Fetterman's brain heals from the stroke, he becomes smarter and smarter. permalink award report block reply
RockFlagAndEagle2020 5 points 2 days ago I'm hurt the shutdown is over. It was the best thing Democrats ever did. permalink award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 5 points 2 days ago What are we on ... Fetterman v4 now dude doesn't even look the same. permalink award report block reply
schism 5 points 2 days ago "I’m sorry to our military, SNAP recipients, gov workers, and Capitol Police who haven’t been paid in weeks." SNAP recepients don't get "paid", Senator.  We owe them nothing.  They don't work in exchange for that money. permalink award report block reply
ChilledCovfefe 4 points 2 days ago Stop making me like you FETTERMAN! permalink award report block reply
boredrandomguy 4 points 2 days ago I suspect the stroke he had killed at least part of the libtard brain virus. He should be examined for research towards a cure. permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 4 points 2 days ago There's got to be other people here besides me that have noticed that once Fetterman disappeared for a while, then reappeared without that conjoined twin attached to his neck, he's been pretty sane?  What the fuck was that thing on his neck, and how was it making him so retarded?  Did they just swap him out for a body double? permalink award report block reply
PUNCHSPLOSION 3 points 2 days ago All those nail salon technicians suffered because of you, John!!! permalink award report block reply
TedWLieu 3 points 2 days ago Good dude. Stood firm during the 4/5 weeks. permalink award report block reply
throttlejohnson 2 points 2 days ago uncle fester ain't wrong permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 1 points 2 days ago https://youtu.be/8oW4DgDGheI?t=118 permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 2 days ago Sloth love Chunk! Heeeey you guuuuys! permalink award report block reply
paramour 1 points 2 days ago Come home, John. We need more folks like you. permalink award report block reply
ShitFromShinola -7 points 2 days ago You realize that the Dems were the ones trying to keep people from losing their health insurance because the Republicans have cut the subsidies. Right? Remember this when 24 million voters have their health insurance premiums double 10 months before the midterms. The Democrats won't need to cheat to win the House and Senate. And I promise you, the last two years of Trump's final term in office will be a parade of committee investigations and a third impeachment trial. And this time, you may well see Republican Senators vote to throw Trump out of office. This all will happen, just in time for the 2028 election. Fucking Republican geniuses swim into the net every time!!! permalink award report block reply chewsoap 4 points 2 days ago Thanks Obama! permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 2 points 2 days ago This wouldn't be a problem if the Trump fulfilled his promise of a replacement plan for Obamacare in his first term. Almost a decade later and there is still no plan from Trump. This problem is not going to go away, either. permalink parent award report block reply
chewsoap 4 points 2 days ago Thanks Obama! permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 2 points 2 days ago This wouldn't be a problem if the Trump fulfilled his promise of a replacement plan for Obamacare in his first term. Almost a decade later and there is still no plan from Trump. This problem is not going to go away, either. permalink parent award report block reply
ShitFromShinola 2 points 2 days ago This wouldn't be a problem if the Trump fulfilled his promise of a replacement plan for Obamacare in his first term. Almost a decade later and there is still no plan from Trump. This problem is not going to go away, either. permalink parent award report block reply