437 ‪“I knew people shorted the airline stocks before 9/11, what I didn’t know is that the U.S. government identified those people and has withheld that information from the public.”‬
‪-Tucker Carlson‬ posted 7 days ago by LordStirling 15 comments award share report block ADAM @AdameMedia • 8d “I knew people shorted the airline stocks before 9/11, what I didn’t know is that the U.S. government identified those people and has withheld that information from the public.” -Tucker Carlson Because they were Israeli… 🇮🇱
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno Crucible 15 points 7 days ago Pretty sure if you looked up what stocks the Rockefellers were dumping you would not be surprised by that either, the same way they dumped their oil interests after 9/11 and created the green energy scam. Nelson and David built the Twin Towers, BTW. permalink award report block reply MADASHELLNEWS 8 points 7 days ago Now look into Tim Osman and the Urban moving company,also truck bombs on 9-11 permalink award report block reply HanginChad 7 points 6 days ago They could have been Saudi as well, they would have withheld that too. permalink award report block reply dtrap 3 points 6 days ago Because the House of Saud are actually... permalink parent award report block reply DrTar 5 points 6 days ago But can you short a city? I figure it's only a matter of time before NYC is crashed. permalink award report block reply WhoMeTwo 1 points 6 days ago NYC crashed about 20 years ago. permalink parent award report block reply hairless_ap3 4 points 6 days ago Let me guessJEWZ permalink award report block reply Psalm-118_24 3 points 6 days ago 🤔 reminds me of the news reporting when A Texas-based investment company, Austin Private Wealth (APW-a Black Rock linked firm) shorted twelve million shares of Trump Media & Technology Group (TMTG) before the assassination attempt.  Citadel Securities, also reportedly, shorted the stock. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago The Jew-Lords didn't like Saddam ---- for not using the US (Rothschild) dollar on oil trade. permalink award report block reply dtrap 1 points 6 days ago Lol, any guesses on which community they come from? permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 1 points 6 days ago We were in a recession and “non furlough” clauses in the pilot contracts at several major airlines were going to be a big problem.  If I was into options I would have been shorting the airlines too. permalink award report block reply farfiman 0 points 7 days ago If the information is "withheld"   how does he (Adam)know  they are Israeli. Tucker didn't say it in this clip. Bush jr. attacked Iraq as a tribute to finish his Dads's unfinished job. permalink award report block reply kekapoo1 8 points 6 days ago I think we all know and are very fatigued.  Lucky Larry sort of know.  you know pattern recognition     Shooter was black, exploder was muslim,  successful out of American disaster, well you get the picture.  but you're right how on earth could he know? permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks -1 points 6 days ago This of course allows you to blame whomever you want so naturally the grifting racist, like Tucker, or some of you, can use this to blame Israel or Jews without any evidence. But I mean a person whom would blame a whole race for a single terror attack, without evidence, despite a years long war against the radicals who claimed responsibility? Fools. Bush knew there was going to be attacks. The FBI warned him. But by all means, do what you always do, blame an ally or a race. Like the Genuine Fools You Are! permalink award report block reply arebee 3 points 6 days ago They're not just our ally but they're our greatest ally! We have the USS Liberty as proof! permalink parent award report block reply LordStirling OP 1 points 5 days ago OR...
The people who aren't biased in favor of israel, who look at facts alone, will rightfully suspect israel. ‪Former U.S. war college director dr Alan sabrosky claims 9/11 was a Mossad operation 🤔. https://x.com/jokaqarmy1/status/1986479593335726480?s=46&t=-R1zcn2QSUGp6vz93WY59w‬ permalink parent award report block reply
Crucible 15 points 7 days ago Pretty sure if you looked up what stocks the Rockefellers were dumping you would not be surprised by that either, the same way they dumped their oil interests after 9/11 and created the green energy scam. Nelson and David built the Twin Towers, BTW. permalink award report block reply
MADASHELLNEWS 8 points 7 days ago Now look into Tim Osman and the Urban moving company,also truck bombs on 9-11 permalink award report block reply
HanginChad 7 points 6 days ago They could have been Saudi as well, they would have withheld that too. permalink award report block reply dtrap 3 points 6 days ago Because the House of Saud are actually... permalink parent award report block reply
dtrap 3 points 6 days ago Because the House of Saud are actually... permalink parent award report block reply
DrTar 5 points 6 days ago But can you short a city? I figure it's only a matter of time before NYC is crashed. permalink award report block reply WhoMeTwo 1 points 6 days ago NYC crashed about 20 years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
WhoMeTwo 1 points 6 days ago NYC crashed about 20 years ago. permalink parent award report block reply
hairless_ap3 4 points 6 days ago Let me guessJEWZ permalink award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 3 points 6 days ago 🤔 reminds me of the news reporting when A Texas-based investment company, Austin Private Wealth (APW-a Black Rock linked firm) shorted twelve million shares of Trump Media & Technology Group (TMTG) before the assassination attempt.  Citadel Securities, also reportedly, shorted the stock. permalink award report block reply
cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago The Jew-Lords didn't like Saddam ---- for not using the US (Rothschild) dollar on oil trade. permalink award report block reply
dtrap 1 points 6 days ago Lol, any guesses on which community they come from? permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 1 points 6 days ago We were in a recession and “non furlough” clauses in the pilot contracts at several major airlines were going to be a big problem.  If I was into options I would have been shorting the airlines too. permalink award report block reply
farfiman 0 points 7 days ago If the information is "withheld"   how does he (Adam)know  they are Israeli. Tucker didn't say it in this clip. Bush jr. attacked Iraq as a tribute to finish his Dads's unfinished job. permalink award report block reply kekapoo1 8 points 6 days ago I think we all know and are very fatigued.  Lucky Larry sort of know.  you know pattern recognition     Shooter was black, exploder was muslim,  successful out of American disaster, well you get the picture.  but you're right how on earth could he know? permalink parent award report block reply
kekapoo1 8 points 6 days ago I think we all know and are very fatigued.  Lucky Larry sort of know.  you know pattern recognition     Shooter was black, exploder was muslim,  successful out of American disaster, well you get the picture.  but you're right how on earth could he know? permalink parent award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks -1 points 6 days ago This of course allows you to blame whomever you want so naturally the grifting racist, like Tucker, or some of you, can use this to blame Israel or Jews without any evidence. But I mean a person whom would blame a whole race for a single terror attack, without evidence, despite a years long war against the radicals who claimed responsibility? Fools. Bush knew there was going to be attacks. The FBI warned him. But by all means, do what you always do, blame an ally or a race. Like the Genuine Fools You Are! permalink award report block reply arebee 3 points 6 days ago They're not just our ally but they're our greatest ally! We have the USS Liberty as proof! permalink parent award report block reply LordStirling OP 1 points 5 days ago OR...
The people who aren't biased in favor of israel, who look at facts alone, will rightfully suspect israel. ‪Former U.S. war college director dr Alan sabrosky claims 9/11 was a Mossad operation 🤔. https://x.com/jokaqarmy1/status/1986479593335726480?s=46&t=-R1zcn2QSUGp6vz93WY59w‬ permalink parent award report block reply
arebee 3 points 6 days ago They're not just our ally but they're our greatest ally! We have the USS Liberty as proof! permalink parent award report block reply
LordStirling OP 1 points 5 days ago OR...
The people who aren't biased in favor of israel, who look at facts alone, will rightfully suspect israel. ‪Former U.S. war college director dr Alan sabrosky claims 9/11 was a Mossad operation 🤔. https://x.com/jokaqarmy1/status/1986479593335726480?s=46&t=-R1zcn2QSUGp6vz93WY59w‬ permalink parent award report block reply