1068 Buy American posted 1 day ago by -f-b-i- 203 comments award share report block Insider Paper @TheInsiderPaper • 1d BREAKING: 758-metre-long Hongqi bridge collapses in southwest China, months after opening
203 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Steve56775 93 points 1 day ago Nothing made in China lasts as long as you’d hoped. permalink award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 36 points 1 day ago Communism? permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 35 points 1 day ago TBH communism wasn't made in China permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 17 points 1 day ago Fair but I think their brand of it is.  It’s a mix between controlled tightly by the government that is mostly communism, while shitty IP theft and spying is done worldwide.  That’s a bit of a Chinese invention. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 1 points 1 day ago Tightening control, and stealing....?  Doesn't pass the smell test permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 22 hours ago They leverage more micro or  intrastate ‘capitalism’ into their economy. All of our economies are very diverse not free market esp tied to hacked currency, etc…but they’re homogenizing into shitty globalist fifes… permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 10 points 1 day ago Someone  at the bridge making company is doing some hari Kari! Oh wait, the Chinese don't do that. They have no honor. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 10 points 1 day ago Hope all who shorted the construction for their own pockets enjoyed it while they had it.  They, and possibly their bloodline, will be gone after this. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 9 points 1 day ago They'll be disappeared. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 9 points 1 day ago No but there will be executions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Nomad899 1 points 22 hours ago Oh they will execute some randoms who didn’t donate enough to xi. permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 22 points 1 day ago Chinesium permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 5 points 1 day ago Big takeaway is don't make a giant bridge out of plastic permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 day ago I can't wait for the China's Three Gorges Dam to go down.  It will destroy the Chinese economy along with thousands of people.  They almost lost it a few years ago when they had heavy rains and flooding.  If it happens again, it could be "lights out" for the Chinese. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 9 points 1 day ago Chinese communism is capitalist at the top, and dictatorship all the way over society. American capitalism is socialist at the top, and hidden tyranny throughout society. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 9 points 1 day ago It's not capitalist at all. They allow some limited market activity but at best it's a "managed" economy. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 5 points 1 day ago Yessir.  Centrally managed permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 2 points 1 day ago The government is the business. That's how the best think of it. It's ran by a board that distributes money to strengthen the business and undermine other businesses/countries. They prarade themselves as communists but  there's more secret billionaires and millionaires there than anywhere else on earth. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covefefe 0 points 1 day ago Ummm. Okay permalink parent award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 1 points 1 day ago Where do you disagree? permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago Chineeseium A culture where they would put plastic into baby formula instead of protein was problematic long before the European Communists showed up. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 2 points 22 hours ago It was even yummier ….  Melamine … its derivatives have fire-retardant properties due to its release of nitrogen gas when burned or charred. Melamine can be combined with formaldehyde and other agents to produce durable thermosetting plastic used in high-pressure decorative laminates such as Formica, melamine dinnerware including cooking utensils, plates, and plastic products, laminate flooring, and dry erase boards permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 1 day ago They should have called it the How Long bridge. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago Retardloserimsogay 1 points 1 day ago GOBLESS HOSS permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... YaharaRiver 9 points 1 day ago And it’s never as nice as you thought either! I dragged out a handsome chrome insulated French coffee press I forgot about and used it and the coffee was cold in about 90 minutes, and then I remembered - this “insulated” press has empty walls and can’t keep coffee hot. Made in China. What a disappointing mess. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 1 day ago YaharaRiver 4 points 1 day ago yeah. :/ I’m in possession of a 40 yr old Stanley thermos made of steel which is not 1/2 as goodlooking as the chrome press, but still performs perfectly. by the way - To clean these thermoses, you use denture cleaning tablets! One tablet + boiling water, leave overnight. Pour out, shake violently with soapy water and a rag inside, then rinse. Bright & shiny! I presume this method also works with a glass-lined thermal carafe. wow I sure did not see myself leaving these comments today, lol permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 2 points 21 hours ago I agree with you. But it's worth pointing out the "make it better, cheaper, drive the US manufacturers out of business, then raise the prices even higher than the US manufacturers would have charged to reap the profits and enjoy the monopoly" strategy. Not everything they make is trash. It's increasingly profitable for the chinese to set up loyalty/premium brands that CAN produce quality goods, as good or better, than the Americans can. Anyway, not arguing, I agree, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Major_Nutt 5 points 1 day ago Technically dead-air space is a form of insulation, but it's quite literally the worst one. permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 2 points 1 day ago I've always heard air was one of the best insulators. Thats why all those trendy travel cups and good modern thermoses are double walled stainless. permalink parent award report block reply ChinaFlu 5 points 1 day ago I always thought those had a vacuum created between the double walls, rather than just air filled like the cheap china brands. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... deleted 3 points 1 day ago view 4 more comments... Junkman742 2 points 1 day ago I mean, it wasn't really the bridge's fault. That landslide was unbelievable. No structure survives something like that permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 1 day ago Now do India.... permalink parent award report block reply Alaskan 4 points 1 day ago https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/engineers-sacked-after-building-16-35515071 permalink parent award report block reply friedchicken 1 points 22 hours ago Not true;  they're getting better and we're getting worse. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... HashtagOwnage 69 points 1 day ago Temu bridge permalink award report block reply Whoopies_tds 21 points 1 day ago The "Hongqi" name is the Chinese white supremacy permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 8 points 1 day ago This is what I came here for 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 7 points 1 day ago "Excuse me stewardess,  I speak Hongqi'. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago Werrl herro my Chinq friend, would you rike a drink? permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 1 day ago What? White people built the bridge and so they called it the hongqi? Was a jive ass Chinaman in charge of bridge names that day? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 7 points 1 day ago Well, in all Fairness, they DID name it the ""Honkey Bridge"", in hopes it would be ""White Enough"" and would therefore Summon the High Level of Quality in Workmanship found in America.... /s permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 1 day ago It's all fun to joke about, but it would be Hong-chee permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago I heard some real inbred accents in the US. We can stretch it! permalink parent award report block reply awsure 8 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 3 points 1 day ago HEY! OP used BREAKING properly! permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 66 points 1 day ago The Chinese are ruthlessly dishonest.  From what I've read, their mindset is that if they can get away with something, they've done no wrong, so they all cut corners.  This is what happens when you adopt an atheistic regime that's devoid of God's moral law. permalink award report block reply BoltCarrierGroup 25 points 1 day ago India is worse Chinese at least have pride in the country, even if it’s forced permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 14 points 1 day ago Well, the Indians Do have one special Festival not found anywhere else in the Whole World.... It's the Shit Throwing Festival.... The man making a Documentary about it couldn't finish making it because they found out and started Doxing him, and attacking him on the streets.... But he did let out what he already had.... permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago First line out of the documentary made me laugh so hard: "so much shit" permalink parent award report block reply DaninElkhart 6 points 1 day ago "Can't make this shit up!" permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 5 points 1 day ago Link? Or at least name of the author or video? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 10 points 1 day ago Tyler Oliveira https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... PMSocks 1 points 1 day ago China also executes the worst offenders.  So there is a line most won't cross. Baby food poisioners all got shot. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 19 points 1 day ago The Chinese propaganda bots have already been sent out their mission, parroting the same messages: “Bridge was well built, its the mountains fault” (they rushed the project and their engineers failed to do basic surveying) “The bridge was closed in time, no casualties reported” (some pictures show a truck hanging over the edge, so I don’t really believe the commies) permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 14 points 1 day ago When my dad was in the air force they sent over some observers for the Chinese space program. They weren't allowed to give any advice, even if it was a safety concern and my dad said one of the observers witnessed a tragedy when a rocket went off course and didn't self destruct. It landed in a heavily populated area and killed thousands. The Chinese government reported that there were no casualties. permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 7 points 1 day ago The Chinese know only toil. Not work ethic or the notion of individual accomplishment. And like many non-european peoples, there is a value placed on being able to cleverly pull something off or put one over on the other guy. No shame in lying to that end either. permalink parent award report block reply bluntedaffect 3 points 1 day ago yeah at least the nips would have the decency to commit suicide for disgracing themselves like that. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 6 points 1 day ago M'man, Nippon is Japan, not China.  The Japanese are great precision engineers. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Thanks, was going to point that out as well. permalink parent award report block reply bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago That's what I said. Nips would have the decency to kill themselves for such a fuckup. On the other hand, chinks have so many people that they just don't care, like in this case. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago You mean “chinks” not “nips”. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 1 day ago Nips, is for Nippon which is Japan.... Zips, is what the Wops(Italians) called the Sicilians....
Also used for Japs, but not Common.... Chinks, is the Chinese.... Canucks, Canadians.... Just to make things a little clearer for those who aren't in the know.... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Nips or Japs is acceptable for Japanese. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Mathelm 2 points 1 day ago My friends are ethnic Chinese, not mainland PRC Chinese; Yes, essentially this is the mindset most mainlanders have, it's an "outsider" mindset, Within every interaction, they go against the outsider. If they can screw you over, it is your fault for not catching it. The amount of whining, cheating, and fraud; I would never trust anything ever said from a mainlander. Heard them called "bug men" in my youth and on 4Chan, which I didn't like; as my friends were nice and normal regular people. As I expanded my circle and interacted more, it is the mindset of these people, At best they're a humanoid version of worker ants. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... MAGA-Fett 31 points 1 day ago Some poor Chinese engineer is headed to the gulag. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 10 points 1 day ago How poor he is depends on his level of complicity. If my experiences about how the union mafia in the USA works (especially Boston area) is any guide, then likely the engineering was not the main problem, but the builders cutting corners to pocket the difference. permalink parent award report block reply RentedMule 29 points 1 day ago That's what happens when you build things out of Chinesium. permalink award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 2 points 22 hours ago A landslide took it out permalink parent award report block reply Brownwaterboys 28 points 1 day ago Made in china. permalink award report block reply MAGA-Fett 16 points 1 day ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 25 points 1 day ago Don't forget that last year, their brand new nuclear sub SANK almost immediately after leaving dry dock. The Chinese are not what anybody thinks they are anymore. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 21 points 1 day ago theres no meritocracy under communism permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 1 day ago Nor innovation. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 22 points 1 day ago The US won't be far behind if we allow the replacement of all our engineers with Indians. permalink award report block reply joesfbi 10 points 1 day ago Funny enough I totally talked with someone that said we dont have enough smart people and need H1B. If thats the case, we need to educate better and stop importing everything. permalink parent award report block reply iaintgottimetobleed 4 points 1 day ago Then they'll say "an American bridge has collapsed". permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 21 points 1 day ago Let's copy the round-eyes bridge, looks like it has a couple of pillars and a few cables, and yeah drill some holes here and put some nuts there Yeah engineering ain't so fucking easy when you ain't stealing the blueprints for it, is it ? permalink award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago It kind of is. And it's not. The funniest part about it is even here in the US, everyone knows, world-wide really, if you don't have good foremen and you allow that 10% theft/replacement of materials, this could happen to you even here in the states. Nothing to do with how much you plan. Just lazy foremen allowing bad people to be hired and replacing 10% of your cement with shit cement. That's all it takes. Everyone knows it. Which is why they pay a premium for people that have a proven track record and reputation. But yeah, I agree and am upvoting, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply TrancePhreak 19 points 1 day ago Chinesium bridge permalink award report block reply ThorsonTT 12 points 1 day ago Tofu-dreg permalink award report block reply deleted 11 points 1 day ago wharfthrowaway 9 points 1 day ago He Hung Rong permalink parent award report block reply Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Fa Down Go Bum. permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 10 points 1 day ago this right here is why I don't fear china permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 1 points 1 day ago +1 permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago Hitler wanted the slavs eradicated with the jews and the gypsies. And he wasn't the only one to come up with that brilliant idea. Point being sometimes out of shit people, you get global communism and you find out the hard way why korea was a stalemate. Shit people in waves of millions, even without guns, will quickly saturate the best armies and force them to use nukes to even make a dent. Some of the korea stories from the chinese side make that Call of Duty Stalingrad level look tame. You have nothing to fear from the chinese, it's chinese slave labor making money for the CCP who then bribe our American politicians that you have to worry about. Every 3$/day chinese wageslave adds up. And our politicians can't say no to those sums of money being thrown around especially when it coincides with their own scum-sucking ideology. permalink parent award report block reply AstroLonghorn 10 points 1 day ago Question: What kind of idiot geotech engineer didn’t plan for landslides WHEN BUILDING INTO A MOUNTAIN?? permalink award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago They don't have gas in their gas stations sometimes. That's too high level of a question, even rhetorically. I don't think they give a shit. This is just... wang son #3 get contract, nobody goes to court, build the next project. As anyone that ever ran any kind of construction business knows, you need to keep crews and equipment busy. I don't think they give a shit if the projects last or not or people die or not. They learn the equipment, buy new equipment, build institutional memory, attract more engineers, keep people paid. We do the same thing with the department of education and universities here at home, on a bigger scale, and to much more detrimental consequences for our future. They lose a bridge. We lose sectors of the population who then votes. permalink parent award report block reply Throwingway22 9 points 1 day ago Turns out that you can't lie, cheat, and steal your way past the laws of physics. permalink award report block reply SigourneyPodgorny20 9 points 1 day ago Oopsies! permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 8 points 1 day ago Wonky bridge permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 1 day ago Wong-y bridge. permalink parent award report block reply narvster 8 points 1 day ago The full video showing the mountain collapsing is here: https://www.msn.com/en-gb/urban-infrastructure/transportation-infrastructure/huge-172m-high-bridge-collapses-in-china-despite-only-being-completed-months-ago/vi-AA1Qe6RH#details permalink award report block reply DaninElkhart 2 points 22 hours ago Drirr big hoes in rock... Rock clack, farr down... Blidge go boom. permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 1 day ago Impressive permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 8 points 1 day ago Cheap Chinese steel. permalink award report block reply WhoMeTwo 2 points 1 day ago They're reporting that the slope the bridge is attached to collapsed. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 1 day ago Built under water with cheap bendable steel and the slope point miscalculation.  A combination of mistakes. permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago A common story. Either survey or geological mistake but I'm wondering if it really is incompetence or they just don't care. I'm sure that when it actually matters, for a military key bridge or a government server, they get the right geologists and competent surveyors on the job. Just a gut feeling. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 7 points 1 day ago Ho Lee Fuk permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 5 points 1 day ago Their astronauts have to be scared as fuck to go into space.  But they probably hold their families hostage until they get back. permalink award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago Idk, Kerbal Space Program is pretty good. Some days I feel like I could send cheap disposable people into orbit irl. permalink parent award report block reply BusterHyman99 5 points 1 day ago This is like an every day occurrence in China this is the one video that happened to escape the grasp of the CCP. Buildings and bridges collapsing daily permalink award report block reply 45ichooseu 4 points 1 day ago Many are shocked when I tell them the Sam Francisco Bay Bridge was made in China "to save money". The bay government decided to prefab in China and ship here. QC was so bad, we had to send legions of inspectors to China to micromanage quality. permalink award report block reply orange_popcicle 4 points 1 day ago Hongqi bridge? How is that pronounced? Because I'm envisioning "Honky". permalink award report block reply quiznossucks 4 points 1 day ago DEI engineers ?? permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago chinese society is totally poisoned by communism at this point its twisted everything and everyone permalink parent award report block reply Major_Nutt 12 points 1 day ago The problems in Chinese society date back MUCH further than modern communism. Cheating and getting ahead at any cost has always been part of their culture, to the point where if you have the opportunity to exploit something or someone, and DON'T, you're seen as weak. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 1 day ago wow really?  it went back before their attempts with "capitalism with chinese characteristics" ?? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 3 points 1 day ago The mountainside collapsed first apparently, not the bridge. permalink award report block reply narvster 6 points 1 day ago Yup, still an engineer fail for not making sure the mountainside was structurally stable. Just not a construction failure. permalink parent award report block reply Deplorable_Meme 3 points 1 day ago Build Back Better?  C'mon man! permalink award report block reply bluntedaffect 3 points 1 day ago Oh that's interesting. Anyway... let's import some H-1B engineers because Americans won't do those jobs. permalink award report block reply PurloinedOffice 3 points 1 day ago Is it possible to turn the music up louder in the mix? permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 3 points 1 day ago Everything they do permalink award report block reply brainphreeze 3 points 1 day ago Thank god it wasn't the other bridge they opened recently, the Huajiang Grand Canyon Bridge. The Huajiang Grand Canyon Bridge has a restaurant, tourist attractions and is busier with traffic from the look of it. People will be thinking twice about touristing on this now you would think permalink award report block reply Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Ahh I thought it was that one permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 1 day ago Now pause and ponder about the 'made in China' food, snacks and drugs you put in your mouth. The sooner China is made economically irrelevant, the safer and better the world becomes. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 1 day ago Too much newspaper, not enough concrete again? “I guess the public could tell the reason why it fell,” said Akanat, who for several months has campaigned against an apparent epidemic of defective Chinese industrial products in Thailand. rfa 2025 permalink award report block reply cjcivicx 3 points 1 day ago All of China is fake, even their history. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Apparently there was a landslide that borked the anchors of the bridge. Though this is the 2nd major project to collapse in a year; first one was a railway bridge that was under construction also collapsed killed 11 and injured 4 workers. permalink award report block reply coyote_777 3 points 1 day ago Chinese corncrete strikes again permalink award report block reply Jodokon92 3 points 1 day ago “Bu…B…BUT LOOK AT THE LEDS!!!” -Communists permalink award report block reply Senaleb 2 points 1 day ago Serves em right for calling their bridge the Honkey Bridge. permalink award report block reply MOLON-LABE 2 points 1 day ago Cheap Chinese shit. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago It's Chinese workmanship. If someone building sees something fucked up they'll say nothing because they don't want to get in trouble. It's that way up and down the chain. permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 2 points 1 day ago It was made from chinesium. permalink award report block reply greatishthen 2 points 1 day ago lol Chinese bridge collapses are normal but you wouldn't know that by looking at the news permalink award report block reply journalist 2 points 1 day ago AI deepfake? permalink award report block reply Kricket 2 points 1 day ago Tofu construction and chinesium. Not surprised. permalink award report block reply blueeyephoto 2 points 1 day ago Hope we're not importing these "desperately needed" and "skilled" engineers to the US permalink award report block reply bigbossman2 2 points 1 day ago No need to worry about the Chinese. Well send them Joe Biden, he knows how to build back better. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 23 hours ago And all of those stupid boomer Twitter accounts like Wall Street Apes were sucking Chinas dick and spreading their propaganda about this bridge when it was built, claiming Chinas apparent “superior” infrastructure abilities… China sucks at everything that isn’t nefarious, subversive, or evil. permalink award report block reply NormalCitizen 2 points 1 day ago Wtf did it turn to dust? Did they make it from all the recycled materials from our twin towers? permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 1 day ago They can build copycats of our most recent jet but they can't build a standing bridge. Guess no one sold them the blueprints... permalink award report block reply macocontentfarmer 2 points 1 day ago Temu bridge permalink award report block reply GeneticsGuy 2 points 1 day ago In case anyone is wondering, this is NOT the same thing as the Huajiang Gorge Bridge that broke some world records and was finished a couple months ago. That one is still standing and from what can be seen, is architecturally sound. It helps that China actually enlisted the help of architects and engineers all over the world for that one. This particular bridge got far less publicity so not a lot has been stated of the origin of engineering, but what happened here is the mountain they built it on started experience huge landslides, which ultimate shifted the footings of the bridge and caused it to collapse. The shifts started last week and the bridge had been closed and evacuated, so no one was killed, but they've known for a few days that the collapse was essentially imminent. Sadly, this was a very important bridge for the people of Tibet. permalink award report block reply TooBright 2 points 1 day ago Do you pronounce that "Honky Bridge"? permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 1 day ago Was it built by stronk, powerful wimmenz girl bosses, too? permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 1 day ago Paper Tiger permalink award report block reply Snooptwo 2 points 1 day ago Must have been scattered office fires that brought it down. permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 2 points 1 day ago Made in China is not just a meme permalink award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 2 points 1 day ago We should send every illegal, anchor baby, and h1b injun over to help them rebuild. permalink award report block reply asdrubael_was_right 2 points 1 day ago China and Joe Biden belong together. They are masters of holding incredible power and still finding a way to fuck things up. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 2 points 1 day ago Just another tofu dreggs project coming to completion. This is going to happen more and more all across China. Buildings have literally just fallen over, and many just fall apart. That's going to happen simply because since 2000, the CCP pushed vanity projects harder and harder and dumped money onto these projects. So naturally the builders and contractors cut as many corners as possible to get the job done quick with as much skimming as possible. The buildings they built in the 80's and 90's, while still crappily made, are going to outlast buildings built since then. permalink award report block reply MJPalazzolo 2 points 1 day ago Made in China... permalink award report block reply CaptRied 2 points 1 day ago Did anybody else notice the blue TRUMP sign at the -0:13 mark? permalink award report block reply Benjovi99 2 points 1 day ago Suprise suprise. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 2 points 1 day ago Tofu dreg permalink award report block reply TS-SCI_thong 2 points 1 day ago Paper tiger permalink award report block reply Emperorvoid 1 points 22 hours ago Wish bridge. permalink award report block reply Realassman 1 points 1 day ago Too much sand, too little cement permalink award report block reply Trythisagain 1 points 1 day ago That’s why you should always order at least two! permalink award report block reply TheWhitestOfFangs 1 points 1 day ago What's that blue marker? permalink award report block reply Ligersrule1 1 points 22 hours ago Sum Ting Wong permalink award report block reply utfanx2 1 points 1 day ago Hopefully the three gorges damn has better craftsmanship. permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 1 day ago Engineering is hard(er), when your Chinese educational pipeline is made of stolen parts. permalink award report block reply TenchuStealthAss 1 points 1 day ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6CprXXSmw permalink award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 1 day ago AI? If this is real then it's one of the great engineering failures of all time!! permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 1 day ago This would go hard with that angry animated talking chinese beaver over it permalink award report block reply friedchicken 1 points 22 hours ago It's impossible permalink award report block reply Jesse3000 1 points 22 hours ago Wonder how many Chinese will be executed over this "Made in China" effort bringing disrespect to China.
Wish it would have been packed with CCP fucks. permalink award report block reply BlackLabsMatter 1 points 1 day ago What's a meter?  Is that roughly 3-4 pounds?  What archaic useless nonsense is this? permalink award report block reply FORMERCHILDSTAR 1 points 1 day ago Why is this not surprising? permalink award report block reply me-no-likely3 1 points 1 day ago Were there cars on it when it collapsed? permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago Well somebody is getting shot. permalink award report block reply Mega_MAGA 1 points 1 day ago Just like the future of their military permalink award report block reply Classygasoline 1 points 1 day ago Not defending China by any means, and this scenario is far worse than the ones you see here, but our shit is all falling apart right now too. We'll be at this point too if something isn't done soon permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 4 points 1 day ago True but look how long our stuff has lasted compared to one like this permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 day ago Just wait until you see the new stuff the Demoncrats will put up That bridge in Baltimore comes to mind permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 1 day ago meanwhile, the Nygard Bridge is still standing. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago Did I do that " - Steve Urkle permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 1 day ago Between outsourcing and H1Bs... that is extremely difficult... permalink award report block reply Benjovi99 1 points 1 day ago Temu bridge permalink award report block reply MR__K 1 points 1 day ago Made in china has always stood for something permalink award report block reply ParticleCannon 1 points 1 day ago dat corncrete though permalink award report block reply BetterNameUnfound 0 points 1 day ago Tofu dregs permalink award report block reply anti_masker -1 points 1 day ago I hope some Chinese people were on it permalink award report block reply new_guy2 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 93 points 1 day ago Nothing made in China lasts as long as you’d hoped. permalink award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 36 points 1 day ago Communism? permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 35 points 1 day ago TBH communism wasn't made in China permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 17 points 1 day ago Fair but I think their brand of it is.  It’s a mix between controlled tightly by the government that is mostly communism, while shitty IP theft and spying is done worldwide.  That’s a bit of a Chinese invention. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 1 points 1 day ago Tightening control, and stealing....?  Doesn't pass the smell test permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 22 hours ago They leverage more micro or  intrastate ‘capitalism’ into their economy. All of our economies are very diverse not free market esp tied to hacked currency, etc…but they’re homogenizing into shitty globalist fifes… permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 10 points 1 day ago Someone  at the bridge making company is doing some hari Kari! Oh wait, the Chinese don't do that. They have no honor. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 10 points 1 day ago Hope all who shorted the construction for their own pockets enjoyed it while they had it.  They, and possibly their bloodline, will be gone after this. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 9 points 1 day ago They'll be disappeared. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 9 points 1 day ago No but there will be executions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Nomad899 1 points 22 hours ago Oh they will execute some randoms who didn’t donate enough to xi. permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 22 points 1 day ago Chinesium permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 5 points 1 day ago Big takeaway is don't make a giant bridge out of plastic permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 day ago I can't wait for the China's Three Gorges Dam to go down.  It will destroy the Chinese economy along with thousands of people.  They almost lost it a few years ago when they had heavy rains and flooding.  If it happens again, it could be "lights out" for the Chinese. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 9 points 1 day ago Chinese communism is capitalist at the top, and dictatorship all the way over society. American capitalism is socialist at the top, and hidden tyranny throughout society. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 9 points 1 day ago It's not capitalist at all. They allow some limited market activity but at best it's a "managed" economy. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 5 points 1 day ago Yessir.  Centrally managed permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 2 points 1 day ago The government is the business. That's how the best think of it. It's ran by a board that distributes money to strengthen the business and undermine other businesses/countries. They prarade themselves as communists but  there's more secret billionaires and millionaires there than anywhere else on earth. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covefefe 0 points 1 day ago Ummm. Okay permalink parent award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 1 points 1 day ago Where do you disagree? permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago Chineeseium A culture where they would put plastic into baby formula instead of protein was problematic long before the European Communists showed up. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 2 points 22 hours ago It was even yummier ….  Melamine … its derivatives have fire-retardant properties due to its release of nitrogen gas when burned or charred. Melamine can be combined with formaldehyde and other agents to produce durable thermosetting plastic used in high-pressure decorative laminates such as Formica, melamine dinnerware including cooking utensils, plates, and plastic products, laminate flooring, and dry erase boards permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 1 day ago They should have called it the How Long bridge. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago Retardloserimsogay 1 points 1 day ago GOBLESS HOSS permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... YaharaRiver 9 points 1 day ago And it’s never as nice as you thought either! I dragged out a handsome chrome insulated French coffee press I forgot about and used it and the coffee was cold in about 90 minutes, and then I remembered - this “insulated” press has empty walls and can’t keep coffee hot. Made in China. What a disappointing mess. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 1 day ago YaharaRiver 4 points 1 day ago yeah. :/ I’m in possession of a 40 yr old Stanley thermos made of steel which is not 1/2 as goodlooking as the chrome press, but still performs perfectly. by the way - To clean these thermoses, you use denture cleaning tablets! One tablet + boiling water, leave overnight. Pour out, shake violently with soapy water and a rag inside, then rinse. Bright & shiny! I presume this method also works with a glass-lined thermal carafe. wow I sure did not see myself leaving these comments today, lol permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 2 points 21 hours ago I agree with you. But it's worth pointing out the "make it better, cheaper, drive the US manufacturers out of business, then raise the prices even higher than the US manufacturers would have charged to reap the profits and enjoy the monopoly" strategy. Not everything they make is trash. It's increasingly profitable for the chinese to set up loyalty/premium brands that CAN produce quality goods, as good or better, than the Americans can. Anyway, not arguing, I agree, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Major_Nutt 5 points 1 day ago Technically dead-air space is a form of insulation, but it's quite literally the worst one. permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 2 points 1 day ago I've always heard air was one of the best insulators. Thats why all those trendy travel cups and good modern thermoses are double walled stainless. permalink parent award report block reply ChinaFlu 5 points 1 day ago I always thought those had a vacuum created between the double walls, rather than just air filled like the cheap china brands. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... deleted 3 points 1 day ago view 4 more comments... Junkman742 2 points 1 day ago I mean, it wasn't really the bridge's fault. That landslide was unbelievable. No structure survives something like that permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 1 day ago Now do India.... permalink parent award report block reply Alaskan 4 points 1 day ago https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/engineers-sacked-after-building-16-35515071 permalink parent award report block reply friedchicken 1 points 22 hours ago Not true;  they're getting better and we're getting worse. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 36 points 1 day ago Communism? permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 35 points 1 day ago TBH communism wasn't made in China permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 17 points 1 day ago Fair but I think their brand of it is.  It’s a mix between controlled tightly by the government that is mostly communism, while shitty IP theft and spying is done worldwide.  That’s a bit of a Chinese invention. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 1 points 1 day ago Tightening control, and stealing....?  Doesn't pass the smell test permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 22 hours ago They leverage more micro or  intrastate ‘capitalism’ into their economy. All of our economies are very diverse not free market esp tied to hacked currency, etc…but they’re homogenizing into shitty globalist fifes… permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 10 points 1 day ago Someone  at the bridge making company is doing some hari Kari! Oh wait, the Chinese don't do that. They have no honor. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 10 points 1 day ago Hope all who shorted the construction for their own pockets enjoyed it while they had it.  They, and possibly their bloodline, will be gone after this. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 9 points 1 day ago They'll be disappeared. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 9 points 1 day ago No but there will be executions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Nomad899 1 points 22 hours ago Oh they will execute some randoms who didn’t donate enough to xi. permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 22 points 1 day ago Chinesium permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 5 points 1 day ago Big takeaway is don't make a giant bridge out of plastic permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 day ago I can't wait for the China's Three Gorges Dam to go down.  It will destroy the Chinese economy along with thousands of people.  They almost lost it a few years ago when they had heavy rains and flooding.  If it happens again, it could be "lights out" for the Chinese. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 9 points 1 day ago Chinese communism is capitalist at the top, and dictatorship all the way over society. American capitalism is socialist at the top, and hidden tyranny throughout society. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 9 points 1 day ago It's not capitalist at all. They allow some limited market activity but at best it's a "managed" economy. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 5 points 1 day ago Yessir.  Centrally managed permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 2 points 1 day ago The government is the business. That's how the best think of it. It's ran by a board that distributes money to strengthen the business and undermine other businesses/countries. They prarade themselves as communists but  there's more secret billionaires and millionaires there than anywhere else on earth. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covefefe 0 points 1 day ago Ummm. Okay permalink parent award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 1 points 1 day ago Where do you disagree? permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago Chineeseium A culture where they would put plastic into baby formula instead of protein was problematic long before the European Communists showed up. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 2 points 22 hours ago It was even yummier ….  Melamine … its derivatives have fire-retardant properties due to its release of nitrogen gas when burned or charred. Melamine can be combined with formaldehyde and other agents to produce durable thermosetting plastic used in high-pressure decorative laminates such as Formica, melamine dinnerware including cooking utensils, plates, and plastic products, laminate flooring, and dry erase boards permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 1 day ago They should have called it the How Long bridge. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago Retardloserimsogay 1 points 1 day ago GOBLESS HOSS permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
jonzor82 35 points 1 day ago TBH communism wasn't made in China permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 17 points 1 day ago Fair but I think their brand of it is.  It’s a mix between controlled tightly by the government that is mostly communism, while shitty IP theft and spying is done worldwide.  That’s a bit of a Chinese invention. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 1 points 1 day ago Tightening control, and stealing....?  Doesn't pass the smell test permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 22 hours ago They leverage more micro or  intrastate ‘capitalism’ into their economy. All of our economies are very diverse not free market esp tied to hacked currency, etc…but they’re homogenizing into shitty globalist fifes… permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 10 points 1 day ago Someone  at the bridge making company is doing some hari Kari! Oh wait, the Chinese don't do that. They have no honor. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 10 points 1 day ago Hope all who shorted the construction for their own pockets enjoyed it while they had it.  They, and possibly their bloodline, will be gone after this. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 9 points 1 day ago They'll be disappeared. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 9 points 1 day ago No but there will be executions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Nomad899 1 points 22 hours ago Oh they will execute some randoms who didn’t donate enough to xi. permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 17 points 1 day ago Fair but I think their brand of it is.  It’s a mix between controlled tightly by the government that is mostly communism, while shitty IP theft and spying is done worldwide.  That’s a bit of a Chinese invention. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 1 points 1 day ago Tightening control, and stealing....?  Doesn't pass the smell test permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 22 hours ago They leverage more micro or  intrastate ‘capitalism’ into their economy. All of our economies are very diverse not free market esp tied to hacked currency, etc…but they’re homogenizing into shitty globalist fifes… permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
jonzor82 1 points 1 day ago Tightening control, and stealing....?  Doesn't pass the smell test permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 1 points 22 hours ago They leverage more micro or  intrastate ‘capitalism’ into their economy. All of our economies are very diverse not free market esp tied to hacked currency, etc…but they’re homogenizing into shitty globalist fifes… permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
The_Return_of_User_x 10 points 1 day ago Someone  at the bridge making company is doing some hari Kari! Oh wait, the Chinese don't do that. They have no honor. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 10 points 1 day ago Hope all who shorted the construction for their own pockets enjoyed it while they had it.  They, and possibly their bloodline, will be gone after this. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 9 points 1 day ago They'll be disappeared. permalink parent award report block reply Agenda47 9 points 1 day ago No but there will be executions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Nomad899 1 points 22 hours ago Oh they will execute some randoms who didn’t donate enough to xi. permalink parent award report block reply
Pederella 10 points 1 day ago Hope all who shorted the construction for their own pockets enjoyed it while they had it.  They, and possibly their bloodline, will be gone after this. permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius 9 points 1 day ago They'll be disappeared. permalink parent award report block reply
Agenda47 9 points 1 day ago No but there will be executions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Nomad899 1 points 22 hours ago Oh they will execute some randoms who didn’t donate enough to xi. permalink parent award report block reply
Bigstick7 22 points 1 day ago Chinesium permalink parent award report block reply General_Grievance 5 points 1 day ago Big takeaway is don't make a giant bridge out of plastic permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 day ago I can't wait for the China's Three Gorges Dam to go down.  It will destroy the Chinese economy along with thousands of people.  They almost lost it a few years ago when they had heavy rains and flooding.  If it happens again, it could be "lights out" for the Chinese. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
General_Grievance 5 points 1 day ago Big takeaway is don't make a giant bridge out of plastic permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 day ago I can't wait for the China's Three Gorges Dam to go down.  It will destroy the Chinese economy along with thousands of people.  They almost lost it a few years ago when they had heavy rains and flooding.  If it happens again, it could be "lights out" for the Chinese. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
imnotdeadyet 3 points 1 day ago I can't wait for the China's Three Gorges Dam to go down.  It will destroy the Chinese economy along with thousands of people.  They almost lost it a few years ago when they had heavy rains and flooding.  If it happens again, it could be "lights out" for the Chinese. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TheMAGAnificent 9 points 1 day ago Chinese communism is capitalist at the top, and dictatorship all the way over society. American capitalism is socialist at the top, and hidden tyranny throughout society. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 9 points 1 day ago It's not capitalist at all. They allow some limited market activity but at best it's a "managed" economy. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 5 points 1 day ago Yessir.  Centrally managed permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 2 points 1 day ago The government is the business. That's how the best think of it. It's ran by a board that distributes money to strengthen the business and undermine other businesses/countries. They prarade themselves as communists but  there's more secret billionaires and millionaires there than anywhere else on earth. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covefefe 0 points 1 day ago Ummm. Okay permalink parent award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 1 points 1 day ago Where do you disagree? permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 9 points 1 day ago It's not capitalist at all. They allow some limited market activity but at best it's a "managed" economy. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 5 points 1 day ago Yessir.  Centrally managed permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheMAGAnificent 2 points 1 day ago The government is the business. That's how the best think of it. It's ran by a board that distributes money to strengthen the business and undermine other businesses/countries. They prarade themselves as communists but  there's more secret billionaires and millionaires there than anywhere else on earth. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Covefefe 5 points 1 day ago Yessir.  Centrally managed permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TheMAGAnificent 2 points 1 day ago The government is the business. That's how the best think of it. It's ran by a board that distributes money to strengthen the business and undermine other businesses/countries. They prarade themselves as communists but  there's more secret billionaires and millionaires there than anywhere else on earth. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Covefefe 0 points 1 day ago Ummm. Okay permalink parent award report block reply TheMAGAnificent 1 points 1 day ago Where do you disagree? permalink parent award report block reply
TheMAGAnificent 1 points 1 day ago Where do you disagree? permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 5 points 1 day ago Chineeseium A culture where they would put plastic into baby formula instead of protein was problematic long before the European Communists showed up. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 2 points 22 hours ago It was even yummier ….  Melamine … its derivatives have fire-retardant properties due to its release of nitrogen gas when burned or charred. Melamine can be combined with formaldehyde and other agents to produce durable thermosetting plastic used in high-pressure decorative laminates such as Formica, melamine dinnerware including cooking utensils, plates, and plastic products, laminate flooring, and dry erase boards permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 1 day ago They should have called it the How Long bridge. permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 2 points 22 hours ago It was even yummier ….  Melamine … its derivatives have fire-retardant properties due to its release of nitrogen gas when burned or charred. Melamine can be combined with formaldehyde and other agents to produce durable thermosetting plastic used in high-pressure decorative laminates such as Formica, melamine dinnerware including cooking utensils, plates, and plastic products, laminate flooring, and dry erase boards permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 2 points 1 day ago They should have called it the How Long bridge. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 1 day ago Retardloserimsogay 1 points 1 day ago GOBLESS HOSS permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 1 points 1 day ago GOBLESS HOSS permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 9 points 1 day ago And it’s never as nice as you thought either! I dragged out a handsome chrome insulated French coffee press I forgot about and used it and the coffee was cold in about 90 minutes, and then I remembered - this “insulated” press has empty walls and can’t keep coffee hot. Made in China. What a disappointing mess. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 1 day ago YaharaRiver 4 points 1 day ago yeah. :/ I’m in possession of a 40 yr old Stanley thermos made of steel which is not 1/2 as goodlooking as the chrome press, but still performs perfectly. by the way - To clean these thermoses, you use denture cleaning tablets! One tablet + boiling water, leave overnight. Pour out, shake violently with soapy water and a rag inside, then rinse. Bright & shiny! I presume this method also works with a glass-lined thermal carafe. wow I sure did not see myself leaving these comments today, lol permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 2 points 21 hours ago I agree with you. But it's worth pointing out the "make it better, cheaper, drive the US manufacturers out of business, then raise the prices even higher than the US manufacturers would have charged to reap the profits and enjoy the monopoly" strategy. Not everything they make is trash. It's increasingly profitable for the chinese to set up loyalty/premium brands that CAN produce quality goods, as good or better, than the Americans can. Anyway, not arguing, I agree, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Major_Nutt 5 points 1 day ago Technically dead-air space is a form of insulation, but it's quite literally the worst one. permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 2 points 1 day ago I've always heard air was one of the best insulators. Thats why all those trendy travel cups and good modern thermoses are double walled stainless. permalink parent award report block reply ChinaFlu 5 points 1 day ago I always thought those had a vacuum created between the double walls, rather than just air filled like the cheap china brands. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... deleted 3 points 1 day ago view 4 more comments...
deleted 6 points 1 day ago YaharaRiver 4 points 1 day ago yeah. :/ I’m in possession of a 40 yr old Stanley thermos made of steel which is not 1/2 as goodlooking as the chrome press, but still performs perfectly. by the way - To clean these thermoses, you use denture cleaning tablets! One tablet + boiling water, leave overnight. Pour out, shake violently with soapy water and a rag inside, then rinse. Bright & shiny! I presume this method also works with a glass-lined thermal carafe. wow I sure did not see myself leaving these comments today, lol permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 2 points 21 hours ago I agree with you. But it's worth pointing out the "make it better, cheaper, drive the US manufacturers out of business, then raise the prices even higher than the US manufacturers would have charged to reap the profits and enjoy the monopoly" strategy. Not everything they make is trash. It's increasingly profitable for the chinese to set up loyalty/premium brands that CAN produce quality goods, as good or better, than the Americans can. Anyway, not arguing, I agree, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
YaharaRiver 4 points 1 day ago yeah. :/ I’m in possession of a 40 yr old Stanley thermos made of steel which is not 1/2 as goodlooking as the chrome press, but still performs perfectly. by the way - To clean these thermoses, you use denture cleaning tablets! One tablet + boiling water, leave overnight. Pour out, shake violently with soapy water and a rag inside, then rinse. Bright & shiny! I presume this method also works with a glass-lined thermal carafe. wow I sure did not see myself leaving these comments today, lol permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 2 points 21 hours ago I agree with you. But it's worth pointing out the "make it better, cheaper, drive the US manufacturers out of business, then raise the prices even higher than the US manufacturers would have charged to reap the profits and enjoy the monopoly" strategy. Not everything they make is trash. It's increasingly profitable for the chinese to set up loyalty/premium brands that CAN produce quality goods, as good or better, than the Americans can. Anyway, not arguing, I agree, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
carpetxparmesan 2 points 21 hours ago I agree with you. But it's worth pointing out the "make it better, cheaper, drive the US manufacturers out of business, then raise the prices even higher than the US manufacturers would have charged to reap the profits and enjoy the monopoly" strategy. Not everything they make is trash. It's increasingly profitable for the chinese to set up loyalty/premium brands that CAN produce quality goods, as good or better, than the Americans can. Anyway, not arguing, I agree, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Major_Nutt 5 points 1 day ago Technically dead-air space is a form of insulation, but it's quite literally the worst one. permalink parent award report block reply Modern_Times 2 points 1 day ago I've always heard air was one of the best insulators. Thats why all those trendy travel cups and good modern thermoses are double walled stainless. permalink parent award report block reply ChinaFlu 5 points 1 day ago I always thought those had a vacuum created between the double walls, rather than just air filled like the cheap china brands. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... deleted 3 points 1 day ago view 4 more comments...
Modern_Times 2 points 1 day ago I've always heard air was one of the best insulators. Thats why all those trendy travel cups and good modern thermoses are double walled stainless. permalink parent award report block reply ChinaFlu 5 points 1 day ago I always thought those had a vacuum created between the double walls, rather than just air filled like the cheap china brands. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... deleted 3 points 1 day ago view 4 more comments...
ChinaFlu 5 points 1 day ago I always thought those had a vacuum created between the double walls, rather than just air filled like the cheap china brands. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
deleted 3 points 1 day ago view 4 more comments...
Junkman742 2 points 1 day ago I mean, it wasn't really the bridge's fault. That landslide was unbelievable. No structure survives something like that permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 1 day ago Now do India.... permalink parent award report block reply Alaskan 4 points 1 day ago https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/engineers-sacked-after-building-16-35515071 permalink parent award report block reply
Alaskan 4 points 1 day ago https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/engineers-sacked-after-building-16-35515071 permalink parent award report block reply
friedchicken 1 points 22 hours ago Not true;  they're getting better and we're getting worse. permalink parent award report block reply
HashtagOwnage 69 points 1 day ago Temu bridge permalink award report block reply Whoopies_tds 21 points 1 day ago The "Hongqi" name is the Chinese white supremacy permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 8 points 1 day ago This is what I came here for 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 7 points 1 day ago "Excuse me stewardess,  I speak Hongqi'. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago Werrl herro my Chinq friend, would you rike a drink? permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 1 day ago What? White people built the bridge and so they called it the hongqi? Was a jive ass Chinaman in charge of bridge names that day? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 7 points 1 day ago Well, in all Fairness, they DID name it the ""Honkey Bridge"", in hopes it would be ""White Enough"" and would therefore Summon the High Level of Quality in Workmanship found in America.... /s permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 1 day ago It's all fun to joke about, but it would be Hong-chee permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago I heard some real inbred accents in the US. We can stretch it! permalink parent award report block reply awsure 8 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 3 points 1 day ago HEY! OP used BREAKING properly! permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 21 points 1 day ago The "Hongqi" name is the Chinese white supremacy permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 8 points 1 day ago This is what I came here for 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 7 points 1 day ago "Excuse me stewardess,  I speak Hongqi'. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago Werrl herro my Chinq friend, would you rike a drink? permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 1 day ago What? White people built the bridge and so they called it the hongqi? Was a jive ass Chinaman in charge of bridge names that day? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 7 points 1 day ago Well, in all Fairness, they DID name it the ""Honkey Bridge"", in hopes it would be ""White Enough"" and would therefore Summon the High Level of Quality in Workmanship found in America.... /s permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 1 day ago It's all fun to joke about, but it would be Hong-chee permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago I heard some real inbred accents in the US. We can stretch it! permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 8 points 1 day ago This is what I came here for 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysBeaverMunch 7 points 1 day ago "Excuse me stewardess,  I speak Hongqi'. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago Werrl herro my Chinq friend, would you rike a drink? permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago Werrl herro my Chinq friend, would you rike a drink? permalink parent award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 3 points 1 day ago What? White people built the bridge and so they called it the hongqi? Was a jive ass Chinaman in charge of bridge names that day? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 7 points 1 day ago Well, in all Fairness, they DID name it the ""Honkey Bridge"", in hopes it would be ""White Enough"" and would therefore Summon the High Level of Quality in Workmanship found in America.... /s permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 1 day ago It's all fun to joke about, but it would be Hong-chee permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago I heard some real inbred accents in the US. We can stretch it! permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 7 points 1 day ago Well, in all Fairness, they DID name it the ""Honkey Bridge"", in hopes it would be ""White Enough"" and would therefore Summon the High Level of Quality in Workmanship found in America.... /s permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 4 points 1 day ago It's all fun to joke about, but it would be Hong-chee permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago I heard some real inbred accents in the US. We can stretch it! permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago I heard some real inbred accents in the US. We can stretch it! permalink parent award report block reply
awsure 8 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply
SirPokeSmottington 3 points 1 day ago HEY! OP used BREAKING properly! permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 66 points 1 day ago The Chinese are ruthlessly dishonest.  From what I've read, their mindset is that if they can get away with something, they've done no wrong, so they all cut corners.  This is what happens when you adopt an atheistic regime that's devoid of God's moral law. permalink award report block reply BoltCarrierGroup 25 points 1 day ago India is worse Chinese at least have pride in the country, even if it’s forced permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 14 points 1 day ago Well, the Indians Do have one special Festival not found anywhere else in the Whole World.... It's the Shit Throwing Festival.... The man making a Documentary about it couldn't finish making it because they found out and started Doxing him, and attacking him on the streets.... But he did let out what he already had.... permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago First line out of the documentary made me laugh so hard: "so much shit" permalink parent award report block reply DaninElkhart 6 points 1 day ago "Can't make this shit up!" permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 5 points 1 day ago Link? Or at least name of the author or video? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 10 points 1 day ago Tyler Oliveira https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... PMSocks 1 points 1 day ago China also executes the worst offenders.  So there is a line most won't cross. Baby food poisioners all got shot. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 19 points 1 day ago The Chinese propaganda bots have already been sent out their mission, parroting the same messages: “Bridge was well built, its the mountains fault” (they rushed the project and their engineers failed to do basic surveying) “The bridge was closed in time, no casualties reported” (some pictures show a truck hanging over the edge, so I don’t really believe the commies) permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 14 points 1 day ago When my dad was in the air force they sent over some observers for the Chinese space program. They weren't allowed to give any advice, even if it was a safety concern and my dad said one of the observers witnessed a tragedy when a rocket went off course and didn't self destruct. It landed in a heavily populated area and killed thousands. The Chinese government reported that there were no casualties. permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 7 points 1 day ago The Chinese know only toil. Not work ethic or the notion of individual accomplishment. And like many non-european peoples, there is a value placed on being able to cleverly pull something off or put one over on the other guy. No shame in lying to that end either. permalink parent award report block reply bluntedaffect 3 points 1 day ago yeah at least the nips would have the decency to commit suicide for disgracing themselves like that. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 6 points 1 day ago M'man, Nippon is Japan, not China.  The Japanese are great precision engineers. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Thanks, was going to point that out as well. permalink parent award report block reply bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago That's what I said. Nips would have the decency to kill themselves for such a fuckup. On the other hand, chinks have so many people that they just don't care, like in this case. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago You mean “chinks” not “nips”. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 1 day ago Nips, is for Nippon which is Japan.... Zips, is what the Wops(Italians) called the Sicilians....
Also used for Japs, but not Common.... Chinks, is the Chinese.... Canucks, Canadians.... Just to make things a little clearer for those who aren't in the know.... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Nips or Japs is acceptable for Japanese. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Mathelm 2 points 1 day ago My friends are ethnic Chinese, not mainland PRC Chinese; Yes, essentially this is the mindset most mainlanders have, it's an "outsider" mindset, Within every interaction, they go against the outsider. If they can screw you over, it is your fault for not catching it. The amount of whining, cheating, and fraud; I would never trust anything ever said from a mainlander. Heard them called "bug men" in my youth and on 4Chan, which I didn't like; as my friends were nice and normal regular people. As I expanded my circle and interacted more, it is the mindset of these people, At best they're a humanoid version of worker ants. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
BoltCarrierGroup 25 points 1 day ago India is worse Chinese at least have pride in the country, even if it’s forced permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 14 points 1 day ago Well, the Indians Do have one special Festival not found anywhere else in the Whole World.... It's the Shit Throwing Festival.... The man making a Documentary about it couldn't finish making it because they found out and started Doxing him, and attacking him on the streets.... But he did let out what he already had.... permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago First line out of the documentary made me laugh so hard: "so much shit" permalink parent award report block reply DaninElkhart 6 points 1 day ago "Can't make this shit up!" permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 5 points 1 day ago Link? Or at least name of the author or video? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 10 points 1 day ago Tyler Oliveira https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... PMSocks 1 points 1 day ago China also executes the worst offenders.  So there is a line most won't cross. Baby food poisioners all got shot. permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 14 points 1 day ago Well, the Indians Do have one special Festival not found anywhere else in the Whole World.... It's the Shit Throwing Festival.... The man making a Documentary about it couldn't finish making it because they found out and started Doxing him, and attacking him on the streets.... But he did let out what he already had.... permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago First line out of the documentary made me laugh so hard: "so much shit" permalink parent award report block reply DaninElkhart 6 points 1 day ago "Can't make this shit up!" permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 5 points 1 day ago Link? Or at least name of the author or video? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 10 points 1 day ago Tyler Oliveira https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago First line out of the documentary made me laugh so hard: "so much shit" permalink parent award report block reply DaninElkhart 6 points 1 day ago "Can't make this shit up!" permalink parent award report block reply
DaninElkhart 6 points 1 day ago "Can't make this shit up!" permalink parent award report block reply
diverscale 5 points 1 day ago Link? Or at least name of the author or video? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 10 points 1 day ago Tyler Oliveira https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
HOSEQ 10 points 1 day ago Tyler Oliveira https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
PMSocks 1 points 1 day ago China also executes the worst offenders.  So there is a line most won't cross. Baby food poisioners all got shot. permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman 19 points 1 day ago The Chinese propaganda bots have already been sent out their mission, parroting the same messages: “Bridge was well built, its the mountains fault” (they rushed the project and their engineers failed to do basic surveying) “The bridge was closed in time, no casualties reported” (some pictures show a truck hanging over the edge, so I don’t really believe the commies) permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 14 points 1 day ago When my dad was in the air force they sent over some observers for the Chinese space program. They weren't allowed to give any advice, even if it was a safety concern and my dad said one of the observers witnessed a tragedy when a rocket went off course and didn't self destruct. It landed in a heavily populated area and killed thousands. The Chinese government reported that there were no casualties. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 14 points 1 day ago When my dad was in the air force they sent over some observers for the Chinese space program. They weren't allowed to give any advice, even if it was a safety concern and my dad said one of the observers witnessed a tragedy when a rocket went off course and didn't self destruct. It landed in a heavily populated area and killed thousands. The Chinese government reported that there were no casualties. permalink parent award report block reply
ArtLife 7 points 1 day ago The Chinese know only toil. Not work ethic or the notion of individual accomplishment. And like many non-european peoples, there is a value placed on being able to cleverly pull something off or put one over on the other guy. No shame in lying to that end either. permalink parent award report block reply
bluntedaffect 3 points 1 day ago yeah at least the nips would have the decency to commit suicide for disgracing themselves like that. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 6 points 1 day ago M'man, Nippon is Japan, not China.  The Japanese are great precision engineers. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Thanks, was going to point that out as well. permalink parent award report block reply bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago That's what I said. Nips would have the decency to kill themselves for such a fuckup. On the other hand, chinks have so many people that they just don't care, like in this case. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago You mean “chinks” not “nips”. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 1 day ago Nips, is for Nippon which is Japan.... Zips, is what the Wops(Italians) called the Sicilians....
Also used for Japs, but not Common.... Chinks, is the Chinese.... Canucks, Canadians.... Just to make things a little clearer for those who aren't in the know.... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Nips or Japs is acceptable for Japanese. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Perseverant 6 points 1 day ago M'man, Nippon is Japan, not China.  The Japanese are great precision engineers. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Thanks, was going to point that out as well. permalink parent award report block reply bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago That's what I said. Nips would have the decency to kill themselves for such a fuckup. On the other hand, chinks have so many people that they just don't care, like in this case. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Thanks, was going to point that out as well. permalink parent award report block reply
bluntedaffect 1 points 1 day ago That's what I said. Nips would have the decency to kill themselves for such a fuckup. On the other hand, chinks have so many people that they just don't care, like in this case. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago You mean “chinks” not “nips”. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 1 day ago Nips, is for Nippon which is Japan.... Zips, is what the Wops(Italians) called the Sicilians....
Also used for Japs, but not Common.... Chinks, is the Chinese.... Canucks, Canadians.... Just to make things a little clearer for those who aren't in the know.... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Nips or Japs is acceptable for Japanese. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
HOSEQ 2 points 1 day ago Nips, is for Nippon which is Japan.... Zips, is what the Wops(Italians) called the Sicilians....
Also used for Japs, but not Common.... Chinks, is the Chinese.... Canucks, Canadians.... Just to make things a little clearer for those who aren't in the know.... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Nips or Japs is acceptable for Japanese. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Nips or Japs is acceptable for Japanese. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Mathelm 2 points 1 day ago My friends are ethnic Chinese, not mainland PRC Chinese; Yes, essentially this is the mindset most mainlanders have, it's an "outsider" mindset, Within every interaction, they go against the outsider. If they can screw you over, it is your fault for not catching it. The amount of whining, cheating, and fraud; I would never trust anything ever said from a mainlander. Heard them called "bug men" in my youth and on 4Chan, which I didn't like; as my friends were nice and normal regular people. As I expanded my circle and interacted more, it is the mindset of these people, At best they're a humanoid version of worker ants. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA-Fett 31 points 1 day ago Some poor Chinese engineer is headed to the gulag. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 10 points 1 day ago How poor he is depends on his level of complicity. If my experiences about how the union mafia in the USA works (especially Boston area) is any guide, then likely the engineering was not the main problem, but the builders cutting corners to pocket the difference. permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 10 points 1 day ago How poor he is depends on his level of complicity. If my experiences about how the union mafia in the USA works (especially Boston area) is any guide, then likely the engineering was not the main problem, but the builders cutting corners to pocket the difference. permalink parent award report block reply
RentedMule 29 points 1 day ago That's what happens when you build things out of Chinesium. permalink award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 2 points 22 hours ago A landslide took it out permalink parent award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 2 points 22 hours ago A landslide took it out permalink parent award report block reply
Brownwaterboys 28 points 1 day ago Made in china. permalink award report block reply MAGA-Fett 16 points 1 day ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA-Fett 16 points 1 day ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 25 points 1 day ago Don't forget that last year, their brand new nuclear sub SANK almost immediately after leaving dry dock. The Chinese are not what anybody thinks they are anymore. permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 21 points 1 day ago theres no meritocracy under communism permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 1 day ago Nor innovation. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 21 points 1 day ago theres no meritocracy under communism permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 1 day ago Nor innovation. permalink parent award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 1 day ago Nor innovation. permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 22 points 1 day ago The US won't be far behind if we allow the replacement of all our engineers with Indians. permalink award report block reply joesfbi 10 points 1 day ago Funny enough I totally talked with someone that said we dont have enough smart people and need H1B. If thats the case, we need to educate better and stop importing everything. permalink parent award report block reply iaintgottimetobleed 4 points 1 day ago Then they'll say "an American bridge has collapsed". permalink parent award report block reply
joesfbi 10 points 1 day ago Funny enough I totally talked with someone that said we dont have enough smart people and need H1B. If thats the case, we need to educate better and stop importing everything. permalink parent award report block reply
iaintgottimetobleed 4 points 1 day ago Then they'll say "an American bridge has collapsed". permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 21 points 1 day ago Let's copy the round-eyes bridge, looks like it has a couple of pillars and a few cables, and yeah drill some holes here and put some nuts there Yeah engineering ain't so fucking easy when you ain't stealing the blueprints for it, is it ? permalink award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago It kind of is. And it's not. The funniest part about it is even here in the US, everyone knows, world-wide really, if you don't have good foremen and you allow that 10% theft/replacement of materials, this could happen to you even here in the states. Nothing to do with how much you plan. Just lazy foremen allowing bad people to be hired and replacing 10% of your cement with shit cement. That's all it takes. Everyone knows it. Which is why they pay a premium for people that have a proven track record and reputation. But yeah, I agree and am upvoting, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago It kind of is. And it's not. The funniest part about it is even here in the US, everyone knows, world-wide really, if you don't have good foremen and you allow that 10% theft/replacement of materials, this could happen to you even here in the states. Nothing to do with how much you plan. Just lazy foremen allowing bad people to be hired and replacing 10% of your cement with shit cement. That's all it takes. Everyone knows it. Which is why they pay a premium for people that have a proven track record and reputation. But yeah, I agree and am upvoting, just saying. permalink parent award report block reply
TrancePhreak 19 points 1 day ago Chinesium bridge permalink award report block reply
ThorsonTT 12 points 1 day ago Tofu-dreg permalink award report block reply
deleted 11 points 1 day ago wharfthrowaway 9 points 1 day ago He Hung Rong permalink parent award report block reply Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Fa Down Go Bum. permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 9 points 1 day ago He Hung Rong permalink parent award report block reply Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply
Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Sum Ting Wong permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago Fa Down Go Bum. permalink parent award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 10 points 1 day ago this right here is why I don't fear china permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 1 points 1 day ago +1 permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago Hitler wanted the slavs eradicated with the jews and the gypsies. And he wasn't the only one to come up with that brilliant idea. Point being sometimes out of shit people, you get global communism and you find out the hard way why korea was a stalemate. Shit people in waves of millions, even without guns, will quickly saturate the best armies and force them to use nukes to even make a dent. Some of the korea stories from the chinese side make that Call of Duty Stalingrad level look tame. You have nothing to fear from the chinese, it's chinese slave labor making money for the CCP who then bribe our American politicians that you have to worry about. Every 3$/day chinese wageslave adds up. And our politicians can't say no to those sums of money being thrown around especially when it coincides with their own scum-sucking ideology. permalink parent award report block reply
MocksFordComma 1 points 1 day ago +1 permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 1 points 21 hours ago Hitler wanted the slavs eradicated with the jews and the gypsies. And he wasn't the only one to come up with that brilliant idea. Point being sometimes out of shit people, you get global communism and you find out the hard way why korea was a stalemate. Shit people in waves of millions, even without guns, will quickly saturate the best armies and force them to use nukes to even make a dent. Some of the korea stories from the chinese side make that Call of Duty Stalingrad level look tame. You have nothing to fear from the chinese, it's chinese slave labor making money for the CCP who then bribe our American politicians that you have to worry about. Every 3$/day chinese wageslave adds up. And our politicians can't say no to those sums of money being thrown around especially when it coincides with their own scum-sucking ideology. permalink parent award report block reply
AstroLonghorn 10 points 1 day ago Question: What kind of idiot geotech engineer didn’t plan for landslides WHEN BUILDING INTO A MOUNTAIN?? permalink award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago They don't have gas in their gas stations sometimes. That's too high level of a question, even rhetorically. I don't think they give a shit. This is just... wang son #3 get contract, nobody goes to court, build the next project. As anyone that ever ran any kind of construction business knows, you need to keep crews and equipment busy. I don't think they give a shit if the projects last or not or people die or not. They learn the equipment, buy new equipment, build institutional memory, attract more engineers, keep people paid. We do the same thing with the department of education and universities here at home, on a bigger scale, and to much more detrimental consequences for our future. They lose a bridge. We lose sectors of the population who then votes. permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago They don't have gas in their gas stations sometimes. That's too high level of a question, even rhetorically. I don't think they give a shit. This is just... wang son #3 get contract, nobody goes to court, build the next project. As anyone that ever ran any kind of construction business knows, you need to keep crews and equipment busy. I don't think they give a shit if the projects last or not or people die or not. They learn the equipment, buy new equipment, build institutional memory, attract more engineers, keep people paid. We do the same thing with the department of education and universities here at home, on a bigger scale, and to much more detrimental consequences for our future. They lose a bridge. We lose sectors of the population who then votes. permalink parent award report block reply
Throwingway22 9 points 1 day ago Turns out that you can't lie, cheat, and steal your way past the laws of physics. permalink award report block reply
SigourneyPodgorny20 9 points 1 day ago Oopsies! permalink award report block reply
Meister_Bockmist 8 points 1 day ago Wonky bridge permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 1 day ago Wong-y bridge. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 1 points 1 day ago Wong-y bridge. permalink parent award report block reply
narvster 8 points 1 day ago The full video showing the mountain collapsing is here: https://www.msn.com/en-gb/urban-infrastructure/transportation-infrastructure/huge-172m-high-bridge-collapses-in-china-despite-only-being-completed-months-ago/vi-AA1Qe6RH#details permalink award report block reply DaninElkhart 2 points 22 hours ago Drirr big hoes in rock... Rock clack, farr down... Blidge go boom. permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 1 day ago Impressive permalink parent award report block reply
DaninElkhart 2 points 22 hours ago Drirr big hoes in rock... Rock clack, farr down... Blidge go boom. permalink parent award report block reply
diverscale 2 points 1 day ago Impressive permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 8 points 1 day ago Cheap Chinese steel. permalink award report block reply WhoMeTwo 2 points 1 day ago They're reporting that the slope the bridge is attached to collapsed. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 1 day ago Built under water with cheap bendable steel and the slope point miscalculation.  A combination of mistakes. permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago A common story. Either survey or geological mistake but I'm wondering if it really is incompetence or they just don't care. I'm sure that when it actually matters, for a military key bridge or a government server, they get the right geologists and competent surveyors on the job. Just a gut feeling. permalink parent award report block reply
WhoMeTwo 2 points 1 day ago They're reporting that the slope the bridge is attached to collapsed. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 1 day ago Built under water with cheap bendable steel and the slope point miscalculation.  A combination of mistakes. permalink parent award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago A common story. Either survey or geological mistake but I'm wondering if it really is incompetence or they just don't care. I'm sure that when it actually matters, for a military key bridge or a government server, they get the right geologists and competent surveyors on the job. Just a gut feeling. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 1 day ago Built under water with cheap bendable steel and the slope point miscalculation.  A combination of mistakes. permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago A common story. Either survey or geological mistake but I'm wondering if it really is incompetence or they just don't care. I'm sure that when it actually matters, for a military key bridge or a government server, they get the right geologists and competent surveyors on the job. Just a gut feeling. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 7 points 1 day ago Ho Lee Fuk permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 5 points 1 day ago Their astronauts have to be scared as fuck to go into space.  But they probably hold their families hostage until they get back. permalink award report block reply carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago Idk, Kerbal Space Program is pretty good. Some days I feel like I could send cheap disposable people into orbit irl. permalink parent award report block reply
carpetxparmesan 1 points 20 hours ago Idk, Kerbal Space Program is pretty good. Some days I feel like I could send cheap disposable people into orbit irl. permalink parent award report block reply
BusterHyman99 5 points 1 day ago This is like an every day occurrence in China this is the one video that happened to escape the grasp of the CCP. Buildings and bridges collapsing daily permalink award report block reply
45ichooseu 4 points 1 day ago Many are shocked when I tell them the Sam Francisco Bay Bridge was made in China "to save money". The bay government decided to prefab in China and ship here. QC was so bad, we had to send legions of inspectors to China to micromanage quality. permalink award report block reply
orange_popcicle 4 points 1 day ago Hongqi bridge? How is that pronounced? Because I'm envisioning "Honky". permalink award report block reply
quiznossucks 4 points 1 day ago DEI engineers ?? permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago chinese society is totally poisoned by communism at this point its twisted everything and everyone permalink parent award report block reply Major_Nutt 12 points 1 day ago The problems in Chinese society date back MUCH further than modern communism. Cheating and getting ahead at any cost has always been part of their culture, to the point where if you have the opportunity to exploit something or someone, and DON'T, you're seen as weak. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 1 day ago wow really?  it went back before their attempts with "capitalism with chinese characteristics" ?? permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago chinese society is totally poisoned by communism at this point its twisted everything and everyone permalink parent award report block reply Major_Nutt 12 points 1 day ago The problems in Chinese society date back MUCH further than modern communism. Cheating and getting ahead at any cost has always been part of their culture, to the point where if you have the opportunity to exploit something or someone, and DON'T, you're seen as weak. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 1 day ago wow really?  it went back before their attempts with "capitalism with chinese characteristics" ?? permalink parent award report block reply
Major_Nutt 12 points 1 day ago The problems in Chinese society date back MUCH further than modern communism. Cheating and getting ahead at any cost has always been part of their culture, to the point where if you have the opportunity to exploit something or someone, and DON'T, you're seen as weak. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 1 day ago wow really?  it went back before their attempts with "capitalism with chinese characteristics" ?? permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 1 day ago wow really?  it went back before their attempts with "capitalism with chinese characteristics" ?? permalink parent award report block reply
LogicCircuits 3 points 1 day ago The mountainside collapsed first apparently, not the bridge. permalink award report block reply narvster 6 points 1 day ago Yup, still an engineer fail for not making sure the mountainside was structurally stable. Just not a construction failure. permalink parent award report block reply
narvster 6 points 1 day ago Yup, still an engineer fail for not making sure the mountainside was structurally stable. Just not a construction failure. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplorable_Meme 3 points 1 day ago Build Back Better?  C'mon man! permalink award report block reply
bluntedaffect 3 points 1 day ago Oh that's interesting. Anyway... let's import some H-1B engineers because Americans won't do those jobs. permalink award report block reply
PurloinedOffice 3 points 1 day ago Is it possible to turn the music up louder in the mix? permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 3 points 1 day ago Everything they do permalink award report block reply
brainphreeze 3 points 1 day ago Thank god it wasn't the other bridge they opened recently, the Huajiang Grand Canyon Bridge. The Huajiang Grand Canyon Bridge has a restaurant, tourist attractions and is busier with traffic from the look of it. People will be thinking twice about touristing on this now you would think permalink award report block reply Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Ahh I thought it was that one permalink parent award report block reply
Jimmy33 4 points 1 day ago Ahh I thought it was that one permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 3 points 1 day ago Now pause and ponder about the 'made in China' food, snacks and drugs you put in your mouth. The sooner China is made economically irrelevant, the safer and better the world becomes. permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 1 day ago Too much newspaper, not enough concrete again? “I guess the public could tell the reason why it fell,” said Akanat, who for several months has campaigned against an apparent epidemic of defective Chinese industrial products in Thailand. rfa 2025 permalink award report block reply
cjcivicx 3 points 1 day ago All of China is fake, even their history. permalink award report block reply
Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Apparently there was a landslide that borked the anchors of the bridge. Though this is the 2nd major project to collapse in a year; first one was a railway bridge that was under construction also collapsed killed 11 and injured 4 workers. permalink award report block reply
coyote_777 3 points 1 day ago Chinese corncrete strikes again permalink award report block reply
Jodokon92 3 points 1 day ago “Bu…B…BUT LOOK AT THE LEDS!!!” -Communists permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 2 points 1 day ago Serves em right for calling their bridge the Honkey Bridge. permalink award report block reply
MOLON-LABE 2 points 1 day ago Cheap Chinese shit. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago It's Chinese workmanship. If someone building sees something fucked up they'll say nothing because they don't want to get in trouble. It's that way up and down the chain. permalink award report block reply
Overtaxed 2 points 1 day ago It was made from chinesium. permalink award report block reply
greatishthen 2 points 1 day ago lol Chinese bridge collapses are normal but you wouldn't know that by looking at the news permalink award report block reply
journalist 2 points 1 day ago AI deepfake? permalink award report block reply
Kricket 2 points 1 day ago Tofu construction and chinesium. Not surprised. permalink award report block reply
blueeyephoto 2 points 1 day ago Hope we're not importing these "desperately needed" and "skilled" engineers to the US permalink award report block reply
bigbossman2 2 points 1 day ago No need to worry about the Chinese. Well send them Joe Biden, he knows how to build back better. permalink award report block reply
lifeisahologram 2 points 23 hours ago And all of those stupid boomer Twitter accounts like Wall Street Apes were sucking Chinas dick and spreading their propaganda about this bridge when it was built, claiming Chinas apparent “superior” infrastructure abilities… China sucks at everything that isn’t nefarious, subversive, or evil. permalink award report block reply
NormalCitizen 2 points 1 day ago Wtf did it turn to dust? Did they make it from all the recycled materials from our twin towers? permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 1 day ago They can build copycats of our most recent jet but they can't build a standing bridge. Guess no one sold them the blueprints... permalink award report block reply
macocontentfarmer 2 points 1 day ago Temu bridge permalink award report block reply
GeneticsGuy 2 points 1 day ago In case anyone is wondering, this is NOT the same thing as the Huajiang Gorge Bridge that broke some world records and was finished a couple months ago. That one is still standing and from what can be seen, is architecturally sound. It helps that China actually enlisted the help of architects and engineers all over the world for that one. This particular bridge got far less publicity so not a lot has been stated of the origin of engineering, but what happened here is the mountain they built it on started experience huge landslides, which ultimate shifted the footings of the bridge and caused it to collapse. The shifts started last week and the bridge had been closed and evacuated, so no one was killed, but they've known for a few days that the collapse was essentially imminent. Sadly, this was a very important bridge for the people of Tibet. permalink award report block reply
TooBright 2 points 1 day ago Do you pronounce that "Honky Bridge"? permalink award report block reply
bill_in_texas 2 points 1 day ago Was it built by stronk, powerful wimmenz girl bosses, too? permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 1 day ago Paper Tiger permalink award report block reply
Snooptwo 2 points 1 day ago Must have been scattered office fires that brought it down. permalink award report block reply
TrumpVoter1 2 points 1 day ago Made in China is not just a meme permalink award report block reply
LadyGrahamsminge 2 points 1 day ago We should send every illegal, anchor baby, and h1b injun over to help them rebuild. permalink award report block reply
asdrubael_was_right 2 points 1 day ago China and Joe Biden belong together. They are masters of holding incredible power and still finding a way to fuck things up. permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 2 points 1 day ago Just another tofu dreggs project coming to completion. This is going to happen more and more all across China. Buildings have literally just fallen over, and many just fall apart. That's going to happen simply because since 2000, the CCP pushed vanity projects harder and harder and dumped money onto these projects. So naturally the builders and contractors cut as many corners as possible to get the job done quick with as much skimming as possible. The buildings they built in the 80's and 90's, while still crappily made, are going to outlast buildings built since then. permalink award report block reply
MJPalazzolo 2 points 1 day ago Made in China... permalink award report block reply
CaptRied 2 points 1 day ago Did anybody else notice the blue TRUMP sign at the -0:13 mark? permalink award report block reply
Benjovi99 2 points 1 day ago Suprise suprise. permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 2 points 1 day ago Tofu dreg permalink award report block reply
TS-SCI_thong 2 points 1 day ago Paper tiger permalink award report block reply
Emperorvoid 1 points 22 hours ago Wish bridge. permalink award report block reply
Realassman 1 points 1 day ago Too much sand, too little cement permalink award report block reply
Trythisagain 1 points 1 day ago That’s why you should always order at least two! permalink award report block reply
TheWhitestOfFangs 1 points 1 day ago What's that blue marker? permalink award report block reply
Ligersrule1 1 points 22 hours ago Sum Ting Wong permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 1 points 1 day ago Hopefully the three gorges damn has better craftsmanship. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 1 day ago Engineering is hard(er), when your Chinese educational pipeline is made of stolen parts. permalink award report block reply
TenchuStealthAss 1 points 1 day ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6CprXXSmw permalink award report block reply
cbonez416 1 points 1 day ago AI? If this is real then it's one of the great engineering failures of all time!! permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 1 day ago This would go hard with that angry animated talking chinese beaver over it permalink award report block reply
friedchicken 1 points 22 hours ago It's impossible permalink award report block reply
Jesse3000 1 points 22 hours ago Wonder how many Chinese will be executed over this "Made in China" effort bringing disrespect to China.
Wish it would have been packed with CCP fucks. permalink award report block reply
BlackLabsMatter 1 points 1 day ago What's a meter?  Is that roughly 3-4 pounds?  What archaic useless nonsense is this? permalink award report block reply
FORMERCHILDSTAR 1 points 1 day ago Why is this not surprising? permalink award report block reply
me-no-likely3 1 points 1 day ago Were there cars on it when it collapsed? permalink award report block reply
SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago Well somebody is getting shot. permalink award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 1 points 1 day ago Just like the future of their military permalink award report block reply
Classygasoline 1 points 1 day ago Not defending China by any means, and this scenario is far worse than the ones you see here, but our shit is all falling apart right now too. We'll be at this point too if something isn't done soon permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 4 points 1 day ago True but look how long our stuff has lasted compared to one like this permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 day ago Just wait until you see the new stuff the Demoncrats will put up That bridge in Baltimore comes to mind permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpVoter1 4 points 1 day ago True but look how long our stuff has lasted compared to one like this permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 day ago Just wait until you see the new stuff the Demoncrats will put up That bridge in Baltimore comes to mind permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 1 day ago Just wait until you see the new stuff the Demoncrats will put up That bridge in Baltimore comes to mind permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 1 points 1 day ago meanwhile, the Nygard Bridge is still standing. permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 20 hours ago Did I do that " - Steve Urkle permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 1 day ago Between outsourcing and H1Bs... that is extremely difficult... permalink award report block reply
Benjovi99 1 points 1 day ago Temu bridge permalink award report block reply
MR__K 1 points 1 day ago Made in china has always stood for something permalink award report block reply
ParticleCannon 1 points 1 day ago dat corncrete though permalink award report block reply
BetterNameUnfound 0 points 1 day ago Tofu dregs permalink award report block reply
anti_masker -1 points 1 day ago I hope some Chinese people were on it permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply