109 BREAKING: California admits they illegally issued 17,000 non-domiciled Commercial Driver’s Licenses to “dangerous foreign drivers.”
Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy says he’s revoking all of them. 🛑  Corrupt Commies  🛑 posted 8 hours ago by ALT26 5 comments award share report block Libs of TikTok @libsoftiktok • 8h BREAKING: California admits they illegally issued 17,000 non-domiciled Commercial Driver’s Licenses to “dangerous foreign drivers.” Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy says he’s revoking all of them. Democrats gave CDLs to foreigners who don’t speak English or understand our
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Natural Way to Regrow Hair on a Bald Head HaloGrow AllisterTwo 4 points 8 hours ago As a CDL holder, I have to wonder if the pay scale is about to jump due to demand... This is a perfect example of foreigners taking good paying American jobs away from Americans, they are not all landscapers and maids or doing jobs others don't want, they just work cheaper! permalink award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 8 hours ago Swell.  Now how exactly will you get them off the road? permalink award report block reply AllisterTwo 3 points 8 hours ago Seizing the trucks and cargo and auctioning it off as well as BIG fines on the companies seems like a good start... permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 1 points 7 hours ago Get all Weigh Stations and Inspection Stations opened.  Put Fed details at or near major truck stops. Give local leos a bounty payment, perhaps allow them any proceeds from sale of vehicle. If shipper doesn't claim their load, sell it, too. permalink parent award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer 1 points 3 hours ago "California admits they illegally issued 17,000 non-domiciled Commercial Driver’s Licenses to “dangerous foreign drivers.”" Aw, man, we can't arrest and jail a state. Too bad there aren't actual people who run California that made this happen who should be held accountable. Darn the luck. permalink award report block reply
AllisterTwo 4 points 8 hours ago As a CDL holder, I have to wonder if the pay scale is about to jump due to demand... This is a perfect example of foreigners taking good paying American jobs away from Americans, they are not all landscapers and maids or doing jobs others don't want, they just work cheaper! permalink award report block reply
Datamancer 1 points 8 hours ago Swell.  Now how exactly will you get them off the road? permalink award report block reply AllisterTwo 3 points 8 hours ago Seizing the trucks and cargo and auctioning it off as well as BIG fines on the companies seems like a good start... permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 1 points 7 hours ago Get all Weigh Stations and Inspection Stations opened.  Put Fed details at or near major truck stops. Give local leos a bounty payment, perhaps allow them any proceeds from sale of vehicle. If shipper doesn't claim their load, sell it, too. permalink parent award report block reply
AllisterTwo 3 points 8 hours ago Seizing the trucks and cargo and auctioning it off as well as BIG fines on the companies seems like a good start... permalink parent award report block reply
Pederella 1 points 7 hours ago Get all Weigh Stations and Inspection Stations opened.  Put Fed details at or near major truck stops. Give local leos a bounty payment, perhaps allow them any proceeds from sale of vehicle. If shipper doesn't claim their load, sell it, too. permalink parent award report block reply
LiteraIIyHitIer 1 points 3 hours ago "California admits they illegally issued 17,000 non-domiciled Commercial Driver’s Licenses to “dangerous foreign drivers.”" Aw, man, we can't arrest and jail a state. Too bad there aren't actual people who run California that made this happen who should be held accountable. Darn the luck. permalink award report block reply