1013 If a company can’t survive without foreign labor, it should fail.
If a farm can’t survive without foreign labor, it should fail.
If a school can’t survive without foreign students, it should fail. posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 53 comments award share report block Bad Hombre @joma_gc • 1d If a company can’t survive without foreign labor, it should fail. If a farm can’t survive without foreign labor, it should fail. If a school can’t survive without foreign students, it should fail.
53 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save -Evspra 46 points 13 hours ago Telling Americans that they're not talented enough to work at a CAR PLANT is probably the most out of touch and insulting thing he's recently said. This is America. We voted for America FIRST. Americans FIRST. I don't believe that importing third worlders to replace Americans is MAGA. I know I didn't vote to get replaced by some Indian or Mexican, or Venezuelan, or Chinaman. I don't believe Americans should be second to foreigners. I don't believe that Americans can't be taught how to do an industrial job. I don't believe that we're "lacking talent", nor should we be able to justify importing half a million Chinese for any reason, when OUR UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS NOW AT THE HIGHEST POINT SINCE OCTOBER, 2021. permalink award report block reply Dwoj 19 points 11 hours ago Yeah, I don’t know what’s going on with President Trump. I was really offended by that too. I don’t know why he would say shit like that. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 6 points 7 hours ago Vivek Ramswamy runs the party? permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 12 points 11 hours ago I love shitting on schools and it's true that most people that go in come out stupider. Yet even despite that we have some smart people that went to a trade school instead and have the skills. The problem is companies discriminate against them and refuse to hire them because they're talented White men. So we have two problems: Schools are keeping students stupid and not actually teaching them anything except communism. The ones that do make it out with good skills and degrees in fields that are actually useful aren't being hired because companies refuse to hire talented White men. permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 8 points 10 hours ago If a company can't survive without paying their workers a living wage, it should fail Looking at you Walmart permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 0 points 5 hours ago Wages should be determined by free market forces. Not by what some person thinks is a "living" wage whether that person is a worker or a politician. But naturally, if you fix dumb government policies, wages would rise anyways. permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 2 points 4 hours ago Race to the bottom mentality! Why is it ok for a company to be profitable by paying their employees jack and shit? Congrats, I could run any company in the world with insane margins if I paid my employees basically nothing! permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 4 hours ago The main thing that drives workers into poverty is the over-printing of fiat currency. Capital owners become richer from inflation, whereas workers become poorer. This is unlikely to ever be fixed at the micro economic level of a company paying its own workers more; instead, it is a systemic problem. If we just print less USD, every worker in America will see their purchasing power increase. Then, wage increases won't even be needed. permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus -4 points 8 hours ago walmart is not a career you dope it is a stepping stone on your way to self improvement if you are working at walmart long term to support yourself you failed at life you are lucky to have any job at all permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 2 points 6 hours ago Ur a faggot, if only high schoolers and seniors and stepping stoners worked at walmart, it would eat shit and die. Glad you found your niche or w.e homo permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 5 hours ago Go back to your job stocking shelves loser permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 1 points 5 hours ago Bro more people work at Walmart in this country than any other company If you can't pay your employees enough to live on then your company only exists because it is a step up from slave labor and shouldn't exist permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 2 hours ago It is a retail store, it is not a career destination Great job in a pinch But if you think you should be able to make a living just working at Walmart You are too stupid to succeed permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 5 points 10 hours ago It goes against the ethos of most Automotive Plants: that you train people up.  i.e. Deming/Juran permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 2 points 6 hours ago He said America First, not AMERICANS first. His biggest goal is to bring businesses back to America, and he’s willing to do anything, even screwing over American workers, to make that happen. So he doesn’t mind if corporations staff all of their businesses with foreigners as long as those foreigners are working in America legally where they can be taxed. permalink parent award report block reply load 11 more comments... HostlyMarmless 19 points 11 hours ago If a representative can't be elected without foreign money, THEY should fail. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 15 points 14 hours ago Or government grants or government subsidies. permalink award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 10 hours ago That’s the main trick, government spend is to subsidize prices.  Doesn’t work great if they replace all with foreigners.  You just get poor people and high prices nationally.  Works for the few, screws everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply Throwingway22 12 points 10 hours ago There was no concern from Washington when slave labor and off-shoring where destroying American farms and factories and other small businesses. There is an entire wasteland in CA where the once thriving flower industry, employing thousands, once thrived--we now get our flowers from Argentina. Everyone's grandparents had their house stocked with furniture built by (American) hand in NC--now it's all flatpack assembly slop from China. Small ranchers can't graze their cows because of Climate Commie regulations and they can't process their meat without paying their international conglomerate competitors who own the government authorized meat processing plants. I give zero shits for the short-term pain that it would take to save America from the parasitic globalism that is killing it. permalink award report block reply covok48 12 points 12 hours ago I’m done with this sellout admin. permalink award report block reply GnuYow 12 points 11 hours ago If a country can't survive without constant aid from the U.S., it should fail. permalink award report block reply pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago I'm not against some level of foreign aid if it keeps a failing country from being conquered by the evil forces of Islam. But that aid should be also require that we accept no immigrants, because that country needs its people to rebuild itself rather than flee their homeland. And if the people are leaving, it's counterproductive to enrich a country that's being taken over by child rapists. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 8 points 13 hours ago If a country has too much foreign labor, it will fail. permalink award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 6 points 10 hours ago If it can’t survive without government bailout… should fail permalink parent award report block reply Mulletgunning 5 points 10 hours ago Abso-fucking-lutely! Trumps advisors are an enemy to America First. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 4 points 13 hours ago This should be on everybody's goto speech card  America first! permalink award report block reply RedFoxOnFire 3 points 13 hours ago If a country can't survive without foreign labor... permalink award report block reply QSWO1 3 points 6 hours ago It will fail. permalink parent award report block reply BirthHole 3 points 10 hours ago If a country can’t survive without foreign aid, it should fail. permalink award report block reply Parhelion12 3 points 8 hours ago If a country can't hold elections without foreign voters, it WILL fail. permalink award report block reply Wallllllllllllllllll 2 points 6 hours ago I agree with all of these statements. permalink award report block reply C0drus 2 points 10 hours ago According to this post and all the foreigners in the the US, leaching our tax dollars, taking our jobs and destroying our country, America has failed 😭 Would someone please kick that Hadron Collider again so we can go back to our normal timeline because this 🤡🌎 bullshit sucks permalink award report block reply Wildwind 1 points 7 hours ago One can say that if a company, or a school cant survive without tax payers money it should fail. permalink award report block reply AyChiXuaxua 1 points 9 hours ago People bitch about critical jobs not being filled, but don't mention that those positions require degrees which are increasingly unattainable for most Americans. Trump needs to address the predatory student loan system OR propose a system of apprenticeships as an alternative to school.  I bet you could follow a doctor around for a year and be just as capable as him of doing the job! permalink award report block reply TheTrumpiest 1 points 4 hours ago In most cases, these companies could train for any role with a six week program and be able to place Americans in these positions. If, for some reason, offshore workers are needed, then hire them, but they need to stay in their own country. There’s no reason they need to be here competing for our housing, our healthcare, and our schools. permalink award report block reply sleepinggiant 1 points 4 hours ago All foreign labor is, is a way to avoid modernization. permalink award report block reply Coover 1 points 2 hours ago And if there are open farm jobs welfare ends permalink award report block reply CyanScales 1 points 10 hours ago I dunno, the seasonal farm hands seems like a good thing. Should still offer the jobs to Americans first. permalink award report block reply pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago But without our servant class, who will clean our toilets? permalink award report block reply futuregodemperor2 1 points 10 hours ago just a reminder, foreign labor also includes remote work from foreign countries. Alot of people forget this, but it destroys American jobs as well as creates security risks giving data from American companies to foreign nationals. We HAVE to get this done. permalink award report block reply Trajano 1 points 8 hours ago Yes. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby -3 points 12 hours ago Maybe, just maybe, it’s smarter to not cause them all to fail simultaneously because that will destroy the economy and guarantee democrats win the midterms and next presidency. permalink award report block reply
-Evspra 46 points 13 hours ago Telling Americans that they're not talented enough to work at a CAR PLANT is probably the most out of touch and insulting thing he's recently said. This is America. We voted for America FIRST. Americans FIRST. I don't believe that importing third worlders to replace Americans is MAGA. I know I didn't vote to get replaced by some Indian or Mexican, or Venezuelan, or Chinaman. I don't believe Americans should be second to foreigners. I don't believe that Americans can't be taught how to do an industrial job. I don't believe that we're "lacking talent", nor should we be able to justify importing half a million Chinese for any reason, when OUR UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS NOW AT THE HIGHEST POINT SINCE OCTOBER, 2021. permalink award report block reply Dwoj 19 points 11 hours ago Yeah, I don’t know what’s going on with President Trump. I was really offended by that too. I don’t know why he would say shit like that. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 6 points 7 hours ago Vivek Ramswamy runs the party? permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 12 points 11 hours ago I love shitting on schools and it's true that most people that go in come out stupider. Yet even despite that we have some smart people that went to a trade school instead and have the skills. The problem is companies discriminate against them and refuse to hire them because they're talented White men. So we have two problems: Schools are keeping students stupid and not actually teaching them anything except communism. The ones that do make it out with good skills and degrees in fields that are actually useful aren't being hired because companies refuse to hire talented White men. permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 8 points 10 hours ago If a company can't survive without paying their workers a living wage, it should fail Looking at you Walmart permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 0 points 5 hours ago Wages should be determined by free market forces. Not by what some person thinks is a "living" wage whether that person is a worker or a politician. But naturally, if you fix dumb government policies, wages would rise anyways. permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 2 points 4 hours ago Race to the bottom mentality! Why is it ok for a company to be profitable by paying their employees jack and shit? Congrats, I could run any company in the world with insane margins if I paid my employees basically nothing! permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 4 hours ago The main thing that drives workers into poverty is the over-printing of fiat currency. Capital owners become richer from inflation, whereas workers become poorer. This is unlikely to ever be fixed at the micro economic level of a company paying its own workers more; instead, it is a systemic problem. If we just print less USD, every worker in America will see their purchasing power increase. Then, wage increases won't even be needed. permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus -4 points 8 hours ago walmart is not a career you dope it is a stepping stone on your way to self improvement if you are working at walmart long term to support yourself you failed at life you are lucky to have any job at all permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 2 points 6 hours ago Ur a faggot, if only high schoolers and seniors and stepping stoners worked at walmart, it would eat shit and die. Glad you found your niche or w.e homo permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 5 hours ago Go back to your job stocking shelves loser permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 1 points 5 hours ago Bro more people work at Walmart in this country than any other company If you can't pay your employees enough to live on then your company only exists because it is a step up from slave labor and shouldn't exist permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 2 hours ago It is a retail store, it is not a career destination Great job in a pinch But if you think you should be able to make a living just working at Walmart You are too stupid to succeed permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 5 points 10 hours ago It goes against the ethos of most Automotive Plants: that you train people up.  i.e. Deming/Juran permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 2 points 6 hours ago He said America First, not AMERICANS first. His biggest goal is to bring businesses back to America, and he’s willing to do anything, even screwing over American workers, to make that happen. So he doesn’t mind if corporations staff all of their businesses with foreigners as long as those foreigners are working in America legally where they can be taxed. permalink parent award report block reply load 11 more comments...
Dwoj 19 points 11 hours ago Yeah, I don’t know what’s going on with President Trump. I was really offended by that too. I don’t know why he would say shit like that. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 6 points 7 hours ago Vivek Ramswamy runs the party? permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 6 points 7 hours ago Vivek Ramswamy runs the party? permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 12 points 11 hours ago I love shitting on schools and it's true that most people that go in come out stupider. Yet even despite that we have some smart people that went to a trade school instead and have the skills. The problem is companies discriminate against them and refuse to hire them because they're talented White men. So we have two problems: Schools are keeping students stupid and not actually teaching them anything except communism. The ones that do make it out with good skills and degrees in fields that are actually useful aren't being hired because companies refuse to hire talented White men. permalink parent award report block reply
taxesaretheft 8 points 10 hours ago If a company can't survive without paying their workers a living wage, it should fail Looking at you Walmart permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 0 points 5 hours ago Wages should be determined by free market forces. Not by what some person thinks is a "living" wage whether that person is a worker or a politician. But naturally, if you fix dumb government policies, wages would rise anyways. permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 2 points 4 hours ago Race to the bottom mentality! Why is it ok for a company to be profitable by paying their employees jack and shit? Congrats, I could run any company in the world with insane margins if I paid my employees basically nothing! permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 4 hours ago The main thing that drives workers into poverty is the over-printing of fiat currency. Capital owners become richer from inflation, whereas workers become poorer. This is unlikely to ever be fixed at the micro economic level of a company paying its own workers more; instead, it is a systemic problem. If we just print less USD, every worker in America will see their purchasing power increase. Then, wage increases won't even be needed. permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus -4 points 8 hours ago walmart is not a career you dope it is a stepping stone on your way to self improvement if you are working at walmart long term to support yourself you failed at life you are lucky to have any job at all permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 2 points 6 hours ago Ur a faggot, if only high schoolers and seniors and stepping stoners worked at walmart, it would eat shit and die. Glad you found your niche or w.e homo permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 5 hours ago Go back to your job stocking shelves loser permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 1 points 5 hours ago Bro more people work at Walmart in this country than any other company If you can't pay your employees enough to live on then your company only exists because it is a step up from slave labor and shouldn't exist permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 2 hours ago It is a retail store, it is not a career destination Great job in a pinch But if you think you should be able to make a living just working at Walmart You are too stupid to succeed permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 0 points 5 hours ago Wages should be determined by free market forces. Not by what some person thinks is a "living" wage whether that person is a worker or a politician. But naturally, if you fix dumb government policies, wages would rise anyways. permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 2 points 4 hours ago Race to the bottom mentality! Why is it ok for a company to be profitable by paying their employees jack and shit? Congrats, I could run any company in the world with insane margins if I paid my employees basically nothing! permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 4 hours ago The main thing that drives workers into poverty is the over-printing of fiat currency. Capital owners become richer from inflation, whereas workers become poorer. This is unlikely to ever be fixed at the micro economic level of a company paying its own workers more; instead, it is a systemic problem. If we just print less USD, every worker in America will see their purchasing power increase. Then, wage increases won't even be needed. permalink parent award report block reply
taxesaretheft 2 points 4 hours ago Race to the bottom mentality! Why is it ok for a company to be profitable by paying their employees jack and shit? Congrats, I could run any company in the world with insane margins if I paid my employees basically nothing! permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 1 points 4 hours ago The main thing that drives workers into poverty is the over-printing of fiat currency. Capital owners become richer from inflation, whereas workers become poorer. This is unlikely to ever be fixed at the micro economic level of a company paying its own workers more; instead, it is a systemic problem. If we just print less USD, every worker in America will see their purchasing power increase. Then, wage increases won't even be needed. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 1 points 4 hours ago The main thing that drives workers into poverty is the over-printing of fiat currency. Capital owners become richer from inflation, whereas workers become poorer. This is unlikely to ever be fixed at the micro economic level of a company paying its own workers more; instead, it is a systemic problem. If we just print less USD, every worker in America will see their purchasing power increase. Then, wage increases won't even be needed. permalink parent award report block reply
captflerbus -4 points 8 hours ago walmart is not a career you dope it is a stepping stone on your way to self improvement if you are working at walmart long term to support yourself you failed at life you are lucky to have any job at all permalink parent award report block reply penguinjay1212 2 points 6 hours ago Ur a faggot, if only high schoolers and seniors and stepping stoners worked at walmart, it would eat shit and die. Glad you found your niche or w.e homo permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 5 hours ago Go back to your job stocking shelves loser permalink parent award report block reply taxesaretheft 1 points 5 hours ago Bro more people work at Walmart in this country than any other company If you can't pay your employees enough to live on then your company only exists because it is a step up from slave labor and shouldn't exist permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 2 hours ago It is a retail store, it is not a career destination Great job in a pinch But if you think you should be able to make a living just working at Walmart You are too stupid to succeed permalink parent award report block reply
penguinjay1212 2 points 6 hours ago Ur a faggot, if only high schoolers and seniors and stepping stoners worked at walmart, it would eat shit and die. Glad you found your niche or w.e homo permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 5 hours ago Go back to your job stocking shelves loser permalink parent award report block reply
captflerbus 1 points 5 hours ago Go back to your job stocking shelves loser permalink parent award report block reply
taxesaretheft 1 points 5 hours ago Bro more people work at Walmart in this country than any other company If you can't pay your employees enough to live on then your company only exists because it is a step up from slave labor and shouldn't exist permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 1 points 2 hours ago It is a retail store, it is not a career destination Great job in a pinch But if you think you should be able to make a living just working at Walmart You are too stupid to succeed permalink parent award report block reply
captflerbus 1 points 2 hours ago It is a retail store, it is not a career destination Great job in a pinch But if you think you should be able to make a living just working at Walmart You are too stupid to succeed permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 5 points 10 hours ago It goes against the ethos of most Automotive Plants: that you train people up.  i.e. Deming/Juran permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 2 points 6 hours ago He said America First, not AMERICANS first. His biggest goal is to bring businesses back to America, and he’s willing to do anything, even screwing over American workers, to make that happen. So he doesn’t mind if corporations staff all of their businesses with foreigners as long as those foreigners are working in America legally where they can be taxed. permalink parent award report block reply
HostlyMarmless 19 points 11 hours ago If a representative can't be elected without foreign money, THEY should fail. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 15 points 14 hours ago Or government grants or government subsidies. permalink award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 10 hours ago That’s the main trick, government spend is to subsidize prices.  Doesn’t work great if they replace all with foreigners.  You just get poor people and high prices nationally.  Works for the few, screws everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 2 points 10 hours ago That’s the main trick, government spend is to subsidize prices.  Doesn’t work great if they replace all with foreigners.  You just get poor people and high prices nationally.  Works for the few, screws everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply
Throwingway22 12 points 10 hours ago There was no concern from Washington when slave labor and off-shoring where destroying American farms and factories and other small businesses. There is an entire wasteland in CA where the once thriving flower industry, employing thousands, once thrived--we now get our flowers from Argentina. Everyone's grandparents had their house stocked with furniture built by (American) hand in NC--now it's all flatpack assembly slop from China. Small ranchers can't graze their cows because of Climate Commie regulations and they can't process their meat without paying their international conglomerate competitors who own the government authorized meat processing plants. I give zero shits for the short-term pain that it would take to save America from the parasitic globalism that is killing it. permalink award report block reply
covok48 12 points 12 hours ago I’m done with this sellout admin. permalink award report block reply
GnuYow 12 points 11 hours ago If a country can't survive without constant aid from the U.S., it should fail. permalink award report block reply pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago I'm not against some level of foreign aid if it keeps a failing country from being conquered by the evil forces of Islam. But that aid should be also require that we accept no immigrants, because that country needs its people to rebuild itself rather than flee their homeland. And if the people are leaving, it's counterproductive to enrich a country that's being taken over by child rapists. permalink parent award report block reply
pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago I'm not against some level of foreign aid if it keeps a failing country from being conquered by the evil forces of Islam. But that aid should be also require that we accept no immigrants, because that country needs its people to rebuild itself rather than flee their homeland. And if the people are leaving, it's counterproductive to enrich a country that's being taken over by child rapists. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 8 points 13 hours ago If a country has too much foreign labor, it will fail. permalink award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 6 points 10 hours ago If it can’t survive without government bailout… should fail permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 6 points 10 hours ago If it can’t survive without government bailout… should fail permalink parent award report block reply
Mulletgunning 5 points 10 hours ago Abso-fucking-lutely! Trumps advisors are an enemy to America First. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply
Counterwhat 4 points 13 hours ago This should be on everybody's goto speech card  America first! permalink award report block reply
RedFoxOnFire 3 points 13 hours ago If a country can't survive without foreign labor... permalink award report block reply QSWO1 3 points 6 hours ago It will fail. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 3 points 6 hours ago It will fail. permalink parent award report block reply
BirthHole 3 points 10 hours ago If a country can’t survive without foreign aid, it should fail. permalink award report block reply
Parhelion12 3 points 8 hours ago If a country can't hold elections without foreign voters, it WILL fail. permalink award report block reply
Wallllllllllllllllll 2 points 6 hours ago I agree with all of these statements. permalink award report block reply
C0drus 2 points 10 hours ago According to this post and all the foreigners in the the US, leaching our tax dollars, taking our jobs and destroying our country, America has failed 😭 Would someone please kick that Hadron Collider again so we can go back to our normal timeline because this 🤡🌎 bullshit sucks permalink award report block reply
Wildwind 1 points 7 hours ago One can say that if a company, or a school cant survive without tax payers money it should fail. permalink award report block reply
AyChiXuaxua 1 points 9 hours ago People bitch about critical jobs not being filled, but don't mention that those positions require degrees which are increasingly unattainable for most Americans. Trump needs to address the predatory student loan system OR propose a system of apprenticeships as an alternative to school.  I bet you could follow a doctor around for a year and be just as capable as him of doing the job! permalink award report block reply
TheTrumpiest 1 points 4 hours ago In most cases, these companies could train for any role with a six week program and be able to place Americans in these positions. If, for some reason, offshore workers are needed, then hire them, but they need to stay in their own country. There’s no reason they need to be here competing for our housing, our healthcare, and our schools. permalink award report block reply
sleepinggiant 1 points 4 hours ago All foreign labor is, is a way to avoid modernization. permalink award report block reply
Coover 1 points 2 hours ago And if there are open farm jobs welfare ends permalink award report block reply
CyanScales 1 points 10 hours ago I dunno, the seasonal farm hands seems like a good thing. Should still offer the jobs to Americans first. permalink award report block reply
pococurante 1 points 6 hours ago But without our servant class, who will clean our toilets? permalink award report block reply
futuregodemperor2 1 points 10 hours ago just a reminder, foreign labor also includes remote work from foreign countries. Alot of people forget this, but it destroys American jobs as well as creates security risks giving data from American companies to foreign nationals. We HAVE to get this done. permalink award report block reply
Trajano 1 points 8 hours ago Yes. permalink award report block reply
SanityGumby -3 points 12 hours ago Maybe, just maybe, it’s smarter to not cause them all to fail simultaneously because that will destroy the economy and guarantee democrats win the midterms and next presidency. permalink award report block reply