1029 Harvard’s Hype Heist: Joan Brugge’s Breast Cancer Bullsh*t – My Paper, Her Glory, Zero Lives Saved, All for the Grift! 🚨  LOCK THEM UP  🚨 posted 2 days ago by davidac1982 62 comments award share report block Jason Locasale @LocasaleLab • 2d I am actually the lead and corresponding author on the most cited research paper of this person's career.   Someone told me that today, and I verified it. The claim that her work has had any substantial effect on breast cancer is a dramatic overstatement. Like much of what’s 60 Minutes @60Minutes • 3d Harvard researcher Joan Brugge says her work has the potential to prevent breast cancer, but she was notified last spring that her federal funding was terminated. “It was just like a gut punch. My knees buckled, and I had to sit down,” she says.
62 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save davidac1982 OP 69 points 2 days ago “I am actually the lead and corresponding author on the most cited research paper of this person's career.   Someone told me that today, and I verified it. The claim that her work has had any substantial effect on breast cancer is a dramatic overstatement. Like much of what’s being presented in this 60 Minutes segment, it’s a PR narrative designed to grab money.  It’s dishonesty from these institutions about what technology from the life sciences can actually do—and it says more about the way universities grift the public for sympathy and funding than anything about science itself.” https://x.com/locasalelab/status/1987994762893254754 permalink award report block reply Skogin 53 points 2 days ago Glad he piped up right away. If you’ve been paying attention, this is the same con since the beginning of science funding. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 14 points 2 days ago I like to call this whole grift “Science Inc.” permalink parent award report block reply Bubbahax 8 points 2 days ago My brother is a scientist.  He'll be the first to tell you its almost all a money grab for government funding.  Get a research grant, get paid for a couple of years.  No grant, search for another lab that's hiring. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago Bingo. Academia has become a microcosm of the federal government. Huge layers of bureaucracy, everyone begging Daddy Gubmit for grants, and churning out papers of questionable quality to justify said grants and get more grants. Once I got my PhD i got the fuck out of there and went into industry where I actually made inventions that are used in real-world products. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 6 points 2 days ago It rewards researching forever, not finding a cure. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 10 points 2 days ago I didn't bother to look up her CV and check the citations for each, but I'll trust he did before making that statement on his lab's official Twitter account. If he was wrong on that, there'd be consequences in the Ivory Tower. But I did look up the paper she's referring to with the "breakthrough" she's referring to. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41588-024-01988-0 He's right. She's grossly overstating what she has. permalink parent award report block reply duehuckleberry 40 points 2 days ago Great post, OP. Yet another reason our institutions no longer have our trust. permalink award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 18 points 2 days ago As a scientist who actually got his PhD in chemistry, I feel saddened to hear this. A lot of us want to do good. I was a high school nerd who loved chemistry and just wanted to apply what I like and learned in school to help make my country a better place. But I can totally understand why you feel that way. I also learned it the hard way when I refused to vaxx myself even though every single one of my colleagues and professors all took the jab. It sucks. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 10 points 2 days ago BloodElfSupporter 5 points 2 days ago Terrible. I remember still vividly a postdoc in my lab who was a really good friend of mine (she was a co-author on the paper I published as a grad student in a pretty high impact journal) eagerly asking a visiting scientist from South Korea (who was also a very polite and nice lady) if she’s been vaxxed. The scholar replied she came to the states to be vaxxed because she is more trusting of the tech here in the USA. This whole time they were chatting and giggling and I was sitting there just nodding and smiling but deep down I was feeling kinda sad. Both these women were very kind and friendly and honestly good people. The postdoc helped me out a lot especially with the last figure in my published paper. It was 4 years ago but seems like a lifetime ago. It’s kind of surreal. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 2 days ago view 7 more comments... ianpatrick1966 2 points 1 day ago But yet this chuckle fuck thinks we should still respect academia permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 1 day ago Fuck off, nerd permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 -3 points 2 days ago Boomers gonna bomb permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 21 points 2 days ago Same with the cancer society grifters. Look how much money they take in, and how much they donate towards research. It's a pittance. permalink award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 15 points 2 days ago They've discovered they can scare the shit out of everybody with the idea of cancer. Early detection is a crock; "Survival Rates" are up but mortality to cancer has barely moved, indicating that the cancers that people are "surviving" with early detection weren't actually going to be deadly anyway. permalink parent award report block reply CGIDreams 2 points 2 days ago Mystically, no one ever seems to die of cancer who didn’t know they had cancer. Yet think of the number of times you hear someone was diagnosed with cancer and then died 3 months later. wikipedia alone is full of celebrities who died like this. It just seems an easy way to kill people off: tell them they have cancer, push them into radiation or other ’cures’, weaken them and destroy them. And profit from each step. permalink parent award report block reply Redeemable 0 points 1 day ago Dumbest conspiracy theory I've ever read here. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 1 day ago Eh, not the dumbest. But definitely not very smart. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago CommanderOfCheese 6 points 2 days ago That's a known thing with any kind of testing. There are three numbers you have to know in order to understand this. The first is "sensitivity" -- that is, if you have the cancer, what's the probability that the test will come up positive? Most people get that number and assume that means "accuracy." Nope. The second is "specificity" -- that is, if you do NOT have the cancer, what's the probability that it will come up negative? But that's still not actually accuracy. The third is the actual prevalence. You need this number in order to compute the odds that you actually have the disease given that you tested positive for it. And it turns out specificity is the more important number between sensitivity and specificity when it comes to rare diseases. It's not like you're less likely to have cancer if you test positive for it. It's just much more likely to get a false positive than it is that you get a true positive. permalink parent award report block reply flyover_deplorable 4 points 2 days ago Susan G Komen has entered the chat permalink parent award report block reply NoFats 19 points 2 days ago It's 60 Minutes so you should all just assume it is communist propaganda. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 3 points 2 days ago 59 minutes, they will leave the most consequential minute off permalink parent award report block reply Jbliss 12 points 2 days ago Hey guys. We have been funding her research for 50 years. You should know that in her 51st year she is going to solve breast cancer. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 2 days ago Like Kramer vowing to not speak...... Starting... Now! permalink parent award report block reply dres3 11 points 2 days ago It's ivermectin, isn't it? permalink award report block reply Skogin 11 points 2 days ago Not quite. The chemical 2-Mor-Yeers requires at least two more grants and more time, dammit! permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 10 points 2 days ago Total faggot bitch. Not a scientist. A progressive manager. permalink award report block reply kekranger 12 points 2 days ago She oozes I’m someone with a very important title who doesn’t actually do anything. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 2 points 2 days ago It even starts with a "Did you get my memo?". permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 3 points 2 days ago Her expertise is in applying for and getting grant money, permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 7 points 2 days ago Does eating cottage cheese have the potential to prevent breast cancer? Not getting abortions? Avoiding b/c drugs? How about taking once-a-month antiparasiticals? "Potential" is pretty meaningless. How much progress on the magic cure have all these tireless cancer researchers actually made on billions of taxpayer dollars in, say, the last quarter-century since my grandmother was getting chemo and radiation? permalink award report block reply Emperorvoid 5 points 2 days ago Damage control agent? permalink award report block reply Smurfection 5 points 2 days ago It may be true that every great man has a great woman behind him, that is, a wife that supported him while he went about achieving his stature, but it's also true that great women have problem stolen a man's work and passed it off as her own and he was too much of a ***** to stop her. permalink award report block reply frenacrossthepond 5 points 2 days ago Don't get me started on WHAMIN RESEARCHERS!! Oh boy have they fucked things up royally for everyone. permalink award report block reply Maga_Gator 5 points 2 days ago they have a huge endowment,  why do they need government funding for this.... permalink award report block reply Ifeargovtmorethan 3 points 1 day ago Your research isn't my tax burden permalink award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 3 points 2 days ago I know how to prevent breast cancer, just have them removed as soon as they grow in! Problem solved! permalink award report block reply Husky 1 points 2 days ago A curse on you, a curse in your ancestors, a curse on your descendents.. permalink parent award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 1 points 2 days ago Which goosebumps book did you steal that line from? permalink parent award report block reply Carmen1956 3 points 1 day ago I read “grifter” as soon as she started speaking!  We only need another hundred years and we’ll solve the cancer mystery! permalink award report block reply Redeemable 3 points 1 day ago Liberals can lie without any conscience. permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 3 points 1 day ago DEI bitches riding on the backs of hard working, dedicated men. Not really a new thing. permalink award report block reply Kpak76 2 points 2 days ago Ivermectin and fenbendazol step into the room.  You rang? permalink award report block reply ViagraFalls 2 points 2 days ago There was a man who discovered a substance in apricot seeds cures cancer. They killed him and prevented his research from getting out. Someone found it and started spreading it. The substance is called something like laitrille or vitamin B17. It’s worth a try. All you have to do is eat raw apricot seeds you can get off of amazon. permalink award report block reply fr33d0mTruck 2 points 1 day ago I never give to cancer research because its bullshit Stop eating crap and stop injecting yourself with crap permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 2 points 2 days ago She is just fishing for money with false promises.. Her cure is probably something like removing all baby girls breasts at birth.. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 2 points 1 day ago I thought all of the money the Chinese students brought in would cover it. Sure it will. permalink award report block reply NadlersNads 2 points 2 days ago Bookmarking to pull up any time someone says anything about 60 mins permalink award report block reply Squentin 2 points 1 day ago The fact that an institution that costs 100k a year to attend and has billions in assets is crying poverty to an unquestioning media is large indicator of everything that's wrong. permalink award report block reply hey_spike 2 points 2 days ago I invented a car that gets 100 miles per gallon, burning only water. But the federal government, big car companies, and oil companies have stolen my patents and burned down my research garage. permalink award report block reply amopheldupsidedown 1 points 2 days ago I bet that garage fire got a lot of miles out of the fuel it used too permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Too many women out there think too highly of their tits. permalink award report block reply linthat22 1 points 1 day ago If he's the person, then do the world a favor and start leaking these documents. permalink award report block reply
davidac1982 OP 69 points 2 days ago “I am actually the lead and corresponding author on the most cited research paper of this person's career.   Someone told me that today, and I verified it. The claim that her work has had any substantial effect on breast cancer is a dramatic overstatement. Like much of what’s being presented in this 60 Minutes segment, it’s a PR narrative designed to grab money.  It’s dishonesty from these institutions about what technology from the life sciences can actually do—and it says more about the way universities grift the public for sympathy and funding than anything about science itself.” https://x.com/locasalelab/status/1987994762893254754 permalink award report block reply Skogin 53 points 2 days ago Glad he piped up right away. If you’ve been paying attention, this is the same con since the beginning of science funding. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 14 points 2 days ago I like to call this whole grift “Science Inc.” permalink parent award report block reply Bubbahax 8 points 2 days ago My brother is a scientist.  He'll be the first to tell you its almost all a money grab for government funding.  Get a research grant, get paid for a couple of years.  No grant, search for another lab that's hiring. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago Bingo. Academia has become a microcosm of the federal government. Huge layers of bureaucracy, everyone begging Daddy Gubmit for grants, and churning out papers of questionable quality to justify said grants and get more grants. Once I got my PhD i got the fuck out of there and went into industry where I actually made inventions that are used in real-world products. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 6 points 2 days ago It rewards researching forever, not finding a cure. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 10 points 2 days ago I didn't bother to look up her CV and check the citations for each, but I'll trust he did before making that statement on his lab's official Twitter account. If he was wrong on that, there'd be consequences in the Ivory Tower. But I did look up the paper she's referring to with the "breakthrough" she's referring to. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41588-024-01988-0 He's right. She's grossly overstating what she has. permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 53 points 2 days ago Glad he piped up right away. If you’ve been paying attention, this is the same con since the beginning of science funding. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 14 points 2 days ago I like to call this whole grift “Science Inc.” permalink parent award report block reply Bubbahax 8 points 2 days ago My brother is a scientist.  He'll be the first to tell you its almost all a money grab for government funding.  Get a research grant, get paid for a couple of years.  No grant, search for another lab that's hiring. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago Bingo. Academia has become a microcosm of the federal government. Huge layers of bureaucracy, everyone begging Daddy Gubmit for grants, and churning out papers of questionable quality to justify said grants and get more grants. Once I got my PhD i got the fuck out of there and went into industry where I actually made inventions that are used in real-world products. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 6 points 2 days ago It rewards researching forever, not finding a cure. permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 14 points 2 days ago I like to call this whole grift “Science Inc.” permalink parent award report block reply Bubbahax 8 points 2 days ago My brother is a scientist.  He'll be the first to tell you its almost all a money grab for government funding.  Get a research grant, get paid for a couple of years.  No grant, search for another lab that's hiring. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago Bingo. Academia has become a microcosm of the federal government. Huge layers of bureaucracy, everyone begging Daddy Gubmit for grants, and churning out papers of questionable quality to justify said grants and get more grants. Once I got my PhD i got the fuck out of there and went into industry where I actually made inventions that are used in real-world products. permalink parent award report block reply
Bubbahax 8 points 2 days ago My brother is a scientist.  He'll be the first to tell you its almost all a money grab for government funding.  Get a research grant, get paid for a couple of years.  No grant, search for another lab that's hiring. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago Bingo. Academia has become a microcosm of the federal government. Huge layers of bureaucracy, everyone begging Daddy Gubmit for grants, and churning out papers of questionable quality to justify said grants and get more grants. Once I got my PhD i got the fuck out of there and went into industry where I actually made inventions that are used in real-world products. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago Bingo. Academia has become a microcosm of the federal government. Huge layers of bureaucracy, everyone begging Daddy Gubmit for grants, and churning out papers of questionable quality to justify said grants and get more grants. Once I got my PhD i got the fuck out of there and went into industry where I actually made inventions that are used in real-world products. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 6 points 2 days ago It rewards researching forever, not finding a cure. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 10 points 2 days ago I didn't bother to look up her CV and check the citations for each, but I'll trust he did before making that statement on his lab's official Twitter account. If he was wrong on that, there'd be consequences in the Ivory Tower. But I did look up the paper she's referring to with the "breakthrough" she's referring to. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41588-024-01988-0 He's right. She's grossly overstating what she has. permalink parent award report block reply
duehuckleberry 40 points 2 days ago Great post, OP. Yet another reason our institutions no longer have our trust. permalink award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 18 points 2 days ago As a scientist who actually got his PhD in chemistry, I feel saddened to hear this. A lot of us want to do good. I was a high school nerd who loved chemistry and just wanted to apply what I like and learned in school to help make my country a better place. But I can totally understand why you feel that way. I also learned it the hard way when I refused to vaxx myself even though every single one of my colleagues and professors all took the jab. It sucks. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 10 points 2 days ago BloodElfSupporter 5 points 2 days ago Terrible. I remember still vividly a postdoc in my lab who was a really good friend of mine (she was a co-author on the paper I published as a grad student in a pretty high impact journal) eagerly asking a visiting scientist from South Korea (who was also a very polite and nice lady) if she’s been vaxxed. The scholar replied she came to the states to be vaxxed because she is more trusting of the tech here in the USA. This whole time they were chatting and giggling and I was sitting there just nodding and smiling but deep down I was feeling kinda sad. Both these women were very kind and friendly and honestly good people. The postdoc helped me out a lot especially with the last figure in my published paper. It was 4 years ago but seems like a lifetime ago. It’s kind of surreal. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 2 days ago view 7 more comments... ianpatrick1966 2 points 1 day ago But yet this chuckle fuck thinks we should still respect academia permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 1 day ago Fuck off, nerd permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 -3 points 2 days ago Boomers gonna bomb permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 18 points 2 days ago As a scientist who actually got his PhD in chemistry, I feel saddened to hear this. A lot of us want to do good. I was a high school nerd who loved chemistry and just wanted to apply what I like and learned in school to help make my country a better place. But I can totally understand why you feel that way. I also learned it the hard way when I refused to vaxx myself even though every single one of my colleagues and professors all took the jab. It sucks. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 10 points 2 days ago BloodElfSupporter 5 points 2 days ago Terrible. I remember still vividly a postdoc in my lab who was a really good friend of mine (she was a co-author on the paper I published as a grad student in a pretty high impact journal) eagerly asking a visiting scientist from South Korea (who was also a very polite and nice lady) if she’s been vaxxed. The scholar replied she came to the states to be vaxxed because she is more trusting of the tech here in the USA. This whole time they were chatting and giggling and I was sitting there just nodding and smiling but deep down I was feeling kinda sad. Both these women were very kind and friendly and honestly good people. The postdoc helped me out a lot especially with the last figure in my published paper. It was 4 years ago but seems like a lifetime ago. It’s kind of surreal. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 2 days ago view 7 more comments... ianpatrick1966 2 points 1 day ago But yet this chuckle fuck thinks we should still respect academia permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 1 day ago Fuck off, nerd permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 10 points 2 days ago BloodElfSupporter 5 points 2 days ago Terrible. I remember still vividly a postdoc in my lab who was a really good friend of mine (she was a co-author on the paper I published as a grad student in a pretty high impact journal) eagerly asking a visiting scientist from South Korea (who was also a very polite and nice lady) if she’s been vaxxed. The scholar replied she came to the states to be vaxxed because she is more trusting of the tech here in the USA. This whole time they were chatting and giggling and I was sitting there just nodding and smiling but deep down I was feeling kinda sad. Both these women were very kind and friendly and honestly good people. The postdoc helped me out a lot especially with the last figure in my published paper. It was 4 years ago but seems like a lifetime ago. It’s kind of surreal. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 2 days ago view 7 more comments... ianpatrick1966 2 points 1 day ago But yet this chuckle fuck thinks we should still respect academia permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 5 points 2 days ago Terrible. I remember still vividly a postdoc in my lab who was a really good friend of mine (she was a co-author on the paper I published as a grad student in a pretty high impact journal) eagerly asking a visiting scientist from South Korea (who was also a very polite and nice lady) if she’s been vaxxed. The scholar replied she came to the states to be vaxxed because she is more trusting of the tech here in the USA. This whole time they were chatting and giggling and I was sitting there just nodding and smiling but deep down I was feeling kinda sad. Both these women were very kind and friendly and honestly good people. The postdoc helped me out a lot especially with the last figure in my published paper. It was 4 years ago but seems like a lifetime ago. It’s kind of surreal. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 7 points 2 days ago view 7 more comments...
deleted 7 points 2 days ago view 7 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 2 points 1 day ago But yet this chuckle fuck thinks we should still respect academia permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 1 day ago Fuck off, nerd permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 -3 points 2 days ago Boomers gonna bomb permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 21 points 2 days ago Same with the cancer society grifters. Look how much money they take in, and how much they donate towards research. It's a pittance. permalink award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 15 points 2 days ago They've discovered they can scare the shit out of everybody with the idea of cancer. Early detection is a crock; "Survival Rates" are up but mortality to cancer has barely moved, indicating that the cancers that people are "surviving" with early detection weren't actually going to be deadly anyway. permalink parent award report block reply CGIDreams 2 points 2 days ago Mystically, no one ever seems to die of cancer who didn’t know they had cancer. Yet think of the number of times you hear someone was diagnosed with cancer and then died 3 months later. wikipedia alone is full of celebrities who died like this. It just seems an easy way to kill people off: tell them they have cancer, push them into radiation or other ’cures’, weaken them and destroy them. And profit from each step. permalink parent award report block reply Redeemable 0 points 1 day ago Dumbest conspiracy theory I've ever read here. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 1 day ago Eh, not the dumbest. But definitely not very smart. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago CommanderOfCheese 6 points 2 days ago That's a known thing with any kind of testing. There are three numbers you have to know in order to understand this. The first is "sensitivity" -- that is, if you have the cancer, what's the probability that the test will come up positive? Most people get that number and assume that means "accuracy." Nope. The second is "specificity" -- that is, if you do NOT have the cancer, what's the probability that it will come up negative? But that's still not actually accuracy. The third is the actual prevalence. You need this number in order to compute the odds that you actually have the disease given that you tested positive for it. And it turns out specificity is the more important number between sensitivity and specificity when it comes to rare diseases. It's not like you're less likely to have cancer if you test positive for it. It's just much more likely to get a false positive than it is that you get a true positive. permalink parent award report block reply flyover_deplorable 4 points 2 days ago Susan G Komen has entered the chat permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 15 points 2 days ago They've discovered they can scare the shit out of everybody with the idea of cancer. Early detection is a crock; "Survival Rates" are up but mortality to cancer has barely moved, indicating that the cancers that people are "surviving" with early detection weren't actually going to be deadly anyway. permalink parent award report block reply CGIDreams 2 points 2 days ago Mystically, no one ever seems to die of cancer who didn’t know they had cancer. Yet think of the number of times you hear someone was diagnosed with cancer and then died 3 months later. wikipedia alone is full of celebrities who died like this. It just seems an easy way to kill people off: tell them they have cancer, push them into radiation or other ’cures’, weaken them and destroy them. And profit from each step. permalink parent award report block reply Redeemable 0 points 1 day ago Dumbest conspiracy theory I've ever read here. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 1 day ago Eh, not the dumbest. But definitely not very smart. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago CommanderOfCheese 6 points 2 days ago That's a known thing with any kind of testing. There are three numbers you have to know in order to understand this. The first is "sensitivity" -- that is, if you have the cancer, what's the probability that the test will come up positive? Most people get that number and assume that means "accuracy." Nope. The second is "specificity" -- that is, if you do NOT have the cancer, what's the probability that it will come up negative? But that's still not actually accuracy. The third is the actual prevalence. You need this number in order to compute the odds that you actually have the disease given that you tested positive for it. And it turns out specificity is the more important number between sensitivity and specificity when it comes to rare diseases. It's not like you're less likely to have cancer if you test positive for it. It's just much more likely to get a false positive than it is that you get a true positive. permalink parent award report block reply
CGIDreams 2 points 2 days ago Mystically, no one ever seems to die of cancer who didn’t know they had cancer. Yet think of the number of times you hear someone was diagnosed with cancer and then died 3 months later. wikipedia alone is full of celebrities who died like this. It just seems an easy way to kill people off: tell them they have cancer, push them into radiation or other ’cures’, weaken them and destroy them. And profit from each step. permalink parent award report block reply Redeemable 0 points 1 day ago Dumbest conspiracy theory I've ever read here. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 1 day ago Eh, not the dumbest. But definitely not very smart. permalink parent award report block reply
Redeemable 0 points 1 day ago Dumbest conspiracy theory I've ever read here. permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 3 points 1 day ago Eh, not the dumbest. But definitely not very smart. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 3 points 1 day ago Eh, not the dumbest. But definitely not very smart. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 0 points 2 days ago CommanderOfCheese 6 points 2 days ago That's a known thing with any kind of testing. There are three numbers you have to know in order to understand this. The first is "sensitivity" -- that is, if you have the cancer, what's the probability that the test will come up positive? Most people get that number and assume that means "accuracy." Nope. The second is "specificity" -- that is, if you do NOT have the cancer, what's the probability that it will come up negative? But that's still not actually accuracy. The third is the actual prevalence. You need this number in order to compute the odds that you actually have the disease given that you tested positive for it. And it turns out specificity is the more important number between sensitivity and specificity when it comes to rare diseases. It's not like you're less likely to have cancer if you test positive for it. It's just much more likely to get a false positive than it is that you get a true positive. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 6 points 2 days ago That's a known thing with any kind of testing. There are three numbers you have to know in order to understand this. The first is "sensitivity" -- that is, if you have the cancer, what's the probability that the test will come up positive? Most people get that number and assume that means "accuracy." Nope. The second is "specificity" -- that is, if you do NOT have the cancer, what's the probability that it will come up negative? But that's still not actually accuracy. The third is the actual prevalence. You need this number in order to compute the odds that you actually have the disease given that you tested positive for it. And it turns out specificity is the more important number between sensitivity and specificity when it comes to rare diseases. It's not like you're less likely to have cancer if you test positive for it. It's just much more likely to get a false positive than it is that you get a true positive. permalink parent award report block reply
flyover_deplorable 4 points 2 days ago Susan G Komen has entered the chat permalink parent award report block reply
NoFats 19 points 2 days ago It's 60 Minutes so you should all just assume it is communist propaganda. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 3 points 2 days ago 59 minutes, they will leave the most consequential minute off permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 3 points 2 days ago 59 minutes, they will leave the most consequential minute off permalink parent award report block reply
Jbliss 12 points 2 days ago Hey guys. We have been funding her research for 50 years. You should know that in her 51st year she is going to solve breast cancer. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 2 days ago Like Kramer vowing to not speak...... Starting... Now! permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 5 points 2 days ago Like Kramer vowing to not speak...... Starting... Now! permalink parent award report block reply
dres3 11 points 2 days ago It's ivermectin, isn't it? permalink award report block reply Skogin 11 points 2 days ago Not quite. The chemical 2-Mor-Yeers requires at least two more grants and more time, dammit! permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 11 points 2 days ago Not quite. The chemical 2-Mor-Yeers requires at least two more grants and more time, dammit! permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 10 points 2 days ago Total faggot bitch. Not a scientist. A progressive manager. permalink award report block reply kekranger 12 points 2 days ago She oozes I’m someone with a very important title who doesn’t actually do anything. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 2 points 2 days ago It even starts with a "Did you get my memo?". permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 3 points 2 days ago Her expertise is in applying for and getting grant money, permalink parent award report block reply
kekranger 12 points 2 days ago She oozes I’m someone with a very important title who doesn’t actually do anything. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 2 points 2 days ago It even starts with a "Did you get my memo?". permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 3 points 2 days ago Her expertise is in applying for and getting grant money, permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 2 points 2 days ago It even starts with a "Did you get my memo?". permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 3 points 2 days ago Her expertise is in applying for and getting grant money, permalink parent award report block reply
kekranger 3 points 2 days ago Her expertise is in applying for and getting grant money, permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 7 points 2 days ago Does eating cottage cheese have the potential to prevent breast cancer? Not getting abortions? Avoiding b/c drugs? How about taking once-a-month antiparasiticals? "Potential" is pretty meaningless. How much progress on the magic cure have all these tireless cancer researchers actually made on billions of taxpayer dollars in, say, the last quarter-century since my grandmother was getting chemo and radiation? permalink award report block reply
Emperorvoid 5 points 2 days ago Damage control agent? permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 5 points 2 days ago It may be true that every great man has a great woman behind him, that is, a wife that supported him while he went about achieving his stature, but it's also true that great women have problem stolen a man's work and passed it off as her own and he was too much of a ***** to stop her. permalink award report block reply
frenacrossthepond 5 points 2 days ago Don't get me started on WHAMIN RESEARCHERS!! Oh boy have they fucked things up royally for everyone. permalink award report block reply
Maga_Gator 5 points 2 days ago they have a huge endowment,  why do they need government funding for this.... permalink award report block reply
Ifeargovtmorethan 3 points 1 day ago Your research isn't my tax burden permalink award report block reply
Gfloydvotestrump 3 points 2 days ago I know how to prevent breast cancer, just have them removed as soon as they grow in! Problem solved! permalink award report block reply Husky 1 points 2 days ago A curse on you, a curse in your ancestors, a curse on your descendents.. permalink parent award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 1 points 2 days ago Which goosebumps book did you steal that line from? permalink parent award report block reply
Husky 1 points 2 days ago A curse on you, a curse in your ancestors, a curse on your descendents.. permalink parent award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 1 points 2 days ago Which goosebumps book did you steal that line from? permalink parent award report block reply
Gfloydvotestrump 1 points 2 days ago Which goosebumps book did you steal that line from? permalink parent award report block reply
Carmen1956 3 points 1 day ago I read “grifter” as soon as she started speaking!  We only need another hundred years and we’ll solve the cancer mystery! permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 3 points 1 day ago Liberals can lie without any conscience. permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 3 points 1 day ago DEI bitches riding on the backs of hard working, dedicated men. Not really a new thing. permalink award report block reply
Kpak76 2 points 2 days ago Ivermectin and fenbendazol step into the room.  You rang? permalink award report block reply
ViagraFalls 2 points 2 days ago There was a man who discovered a substance in apricot seeds cures cancer. They killed him and prevented his research from getting out. Someone found it and started spreading it. The substance is called something like laitrille or vitamin B17. It’s worth a try. All you have to do is eat raw apricot seeds you can get off of amazon. permalink award report block reply
fr33d0mTruck 2 points 1 day ago I never give to cancer research because its bullshit Stop eating crap and stop injecting yourself with crap permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 2 points 2 days ago She is just fishing for money with false promises.. Her cure is probably something like removing all baby girls breasts at birth.. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 2 points 1 day ago I thought all of the money the Chinese students brought in would cover it. Sure it will. permalink award report block reply
NadlersNads 2 points 2 days ago Bookmarking to pull up any time someone says anything about 60 mins permalink award report block reply
Squentin 2 points 1 day ago The fact that an institution that costs 100k a year to attend and has billions in assets is crying poverty to an unquestioning media is large indicator of everything that's wrong. permalink award report block reply
hey_spike 2 points 2 days ago I invented a car that gets 100 miles per gallon, burning only water. But the federal government, big car companies, and oil companies have stolen my patents and burned down my research garage. permalink award report block reply amopheldupsidedown 1 points 2 days ago I bet that garage fire got a lot of miles out of the fuel it used too permalink parent award report block reply
amopheldupsidedown 1 points 2 days ago I bet that garage fire got a lot of miles out of the fuel it used too permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Too many women out there think too highly of their tits. permalink award report block reply
linthat22 1 points 1 day ago If he's the person, then do the world a favor and start leaking these documents. permalink award report block reply