769 On his first day as Czech Parliament Speaker, Tomio Okamura orders the Ukrainian flag removed from the building. Europe is healing posted 5 days ago by Bidensuckscocks 28 comments award share report block
28 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style glow-operator-2-0 14 points 5 days ago Czech Parliament Tomio Okamura WAT It reminds me of President Fujimori from one of those South American countries or Sheinbaum from Mexico. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 9 points 5 days ago Wouldn't mind a Jap becoming the mayor of NYC. Much better than imported black/brown third world trash. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 5 days ago Because after all, it's not about race it's about culture. If you can not commit crime, assimilate to your new country, and be a productive member of society I don't have any problem with you (unless you're bringing one of my daughters home sorry not sorry). permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 5 days ago Culture is downstream from race. That said, a "good neighborhood with good schools" would mean something much different if there were more Robert Cardinal Sarahs in the world and blacks actually listened. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 5 days ago Welp someone fucked up all the popular culture and their music and aggravated their tendancy to 'boon it up. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 5 days ago Japs outside Japan have an irritating tendency to be far left.  Koreans are generally fairly based.  Idk what causes it either. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 4 points 5 days ago My wife is of Japanese descent and the vast majority of her family here are lefties. Her parents, aunts, and uncles were based, but most of their kids turned out to be lefties. I attribute it to them going through the same indoctrination and being exposed to the same leftist media and entertainment here. That's the only explanation I can think of. It really frustrates my wife that her family supports the same Democrats that sent her grandparents, father, and other family members to internment camps. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 5 days ago Correct... the west can use a bit of bushido in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Hi! permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 6 points 5 days ago His mom is Moravian, dad is half Jap, half Korean.   He is 100% based. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 0 points 5 days ago 0 actual Czech? permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 7 points 5 days ago Moravian is czech. Historic name for the Czech Republic was the Kingdom of Bohemia of which Moravia was one of the two crown lands. Basically bohemia is westen part of current day Czech Republic while Moravia is the eastern part. Czech silesia is to the north. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 2 points 5 days ago Ah, Silesia... permalink parent award report block reply ganachain 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm turning Japanese permalink parent award report block reply Ryan282 3 points 5 days ago I really think so! permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 2 points 5 days ago It was Peru. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Peru permalink parent award report block reply starjello 4 points 5 days ago LOL Europe is far from healing. I'm glad he did what he did and more needs to be done but please don't tell me Europe is healing it's like pissing on me and telling me it's a nice soft morning rain permalink award report block reply Electrocutioner 4 points 5 days ago But a flag was removed! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 3 points 5 days ago Well around here that's considered a boom a big win healing meanwhile Tuesday's election results kind of show the opposite around this country and most of Europe permalink parent award report block reply NickAtNight 1 points 5 days ago Japanese name? permalink award report block reply KarameloKamala 2 points 5 days ago Japan is Polands longest standing ally since the russian-japanese war.  They refused to help Hitler invade Poland, refused to go to war with them when Britain forced Poland to declare war on Japan. We slavs and japs have liked each other for generations.  Its not surprising to me that a Jap would get somewhere in Slav politics as we see the world in a similar way and naturally are more conservative than our counterparts. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 5 days ago CIA will be calling him shortly permalink award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago And he ends by referring to his ballsack!  Legand!  LOLOL permalink award report block reply hnoble444 1 points 5 days ago Why is there a JAP in Bohemia? permalink award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 14 points 5 days ago Czech Parliament Tomio Okamura WAT It reminds me of President Fujimori from one of those South American countries or Sheinbaum from Mexico. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 9 points 5 days ago Wouldn't mind a Jap becoming the mayor of NYC. Much better than imported black/brown third world trash. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 5 days ago Because after all, it's not about race it's about culture. If you can not commit crime, assimilate to your new country, and be a productive member of society I don't have any problem with you (unless you're bringing one of my daughters home sorry not sorry). permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 5 days ago Culture is downstream from race. That said, a "good neighborhood with good schools" would mean something much different if there were more Robert Cardinal Sarahs in the world and blacks actually listened. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 5 days ago Welp someone fucked up all the popular culture and their music and aggravated their tendancy to 'boon it up. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 5 days ago Japs outside Japan have an irritating tendency to be far left.  Koreans are generally fairly based.  Idk what causes it either. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 4 points 5 days ago My wife is of Japanese descent and the vast majority of her family here are lefties. Her parents, aunts, and uncles were based, but most of their kids turned out to be lefties. I attribute it to them going through the same indoctrination and being exposed to the same leftist media and entertainment here. That's the only explanation I can think of. It really frustrates my wife that her family supports the same Democrats that sent her grandparents, father, and other family members to internment camps. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 5 days ago Correct... the west can use a bit of bushido in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Hi! permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 6 points 5 days ago His mom is Moravian, dad is half Jap, half Korean.   He is 100% based. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 0 points 5 days ago 0 actual Czech? permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 7 points 5 days ago Moravian is czech. Historic name for the Czech Republic was the Kingdom of Bohemia of which Moravia was one of the two crown lands. Basically bohemia is westen part of current day Czech Republic while Moravia is the eastern part. Czech silesia is to the north. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 2 points 5 days ago Ah, Silesia... permalink parent award report block reply ganachain 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm turning Japanese permalink parent award report block reply Ryan282 3 points 5 days ago I really think so! permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 2 points 5 days ago It was Peru. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Peru permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 9 points 5 days ago Wouldn't mind a Jap becoming the mayor of NYC. Much better than imported black/brown third world trash. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 5 days ago Because after all, it's not about race it's about culture. If you can not commit crime, assimilate to your new country, and be a productive member of society I don't have any problem with you (unless you're bringing one of my daughters home sorry not sorry). permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 5 days ago Culture is downstream from race. That said, a "good neighborhood with good schools" would mean something much different if there were more Robert Cardinal Sarahs in the world and blacks actually listened. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 5 days ago Welp someone fucked up all the popular culture and their music and aggravated their tendancy to 'boon it up. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 5 days ago Japs outside Japan have an irritating tendency to be far left.  Koreans are generally fairly based.  Idk what causes it either. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 4 points 5 days ago My wife is of Japanese descent and the vast majority of her family here are lefties. Her parents, aunts, and uncles were based, but most of their kids turned out to be lefties. I attribute it to them going through the same indoctrination and being exposed to the same leftist media and entertainment here. That's the only explanation I can think of. It really frustrates my wife that her family supports the same Democrats that sent her grandparents, father, and other family members to internment camps. permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 5 days ago Correct... the west can use a bit of bushido in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Hi! permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 7 points 5 days ago Because after all, it's not about race it's about culture. If you can not commit crime, assimilate to your new country, and be a productive member of society I don't have any problem with you (unless you're bringing one of my daughters home sorry not sorry). permalink parent award report block reply PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 5 days ago Culture is downstream from race. That said, a "good neighborhood with good schools" would mean something much different if there were more Robert Cardinal Sarahs in the world and blacks actually listened. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 5 days ago Welp someone fucked up all the popular culture and their music and aggravated their tendancy to 'boon it up. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
PM-Melania-feet-pics 2 points 5 days ago Culture is downstream from race. That said, a "good neighborhood with good schools" would mean something much different if there were more Robert Cardinal Sarahs in the world and blacks actually listened. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 5 days ago Welp someone fucked up all the popular culture and their music and aggravated their tendancy to 'boon it up. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 0 points 5 days ago Welp someone fucked up all the popular culture and their music and aggravated their tendancy to 'boon it up. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
PM-Melania-feet-pics 3 points 5 days ago Japs outside Japan have an irritating tendency to be far left.  Koreans are generally fairly based.  Idk what causes it either. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 4 points 5 days ago My wife is of Japanese descent and the vast majority of her family here are lefties. Her parents, aunts, and uncles were based, but most of their kids turned out to be lefties. I attribute it to them going through the same indoctrination and being exposed to the same leftist media and entertainment here. That's the only explanation I can think of. It really frustrates my wife that her family supports the same Democrats that sent her grandparents, father, and other family members to internment camps. permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 4 points 5 days ago My wife is of Japanese descent and the vast majority of her family here are lefties. Her parents, aunts, and uncles were based, but most of their kids turned out to be lefties. I attribute it to them going through the same indoctrination and being exposed to the same leftist media and entertainment here. That's the only explanation I can think of. It really frustrates my wife that her family supports the same Democrats that sent her grandparents, father, and other family members to internment camps. permalink parent award report block reply
asiandood 1 points 5 days ago Correct... the west can use a bit of bushido in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago Hi! permalink parent award report block reply
Ligersrule1 6 points 5 days ago His mom is Moravian, dad is half Jap, half Korean.   He is 100% based. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 0 points 5 days ago 0 actual Czech? permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 7 points 5 days ago Moravian is czech. Historic name for the Czech Republic was the Kingdom of Bohemia of which Moravia was one of the two crown lands. Basically bohemia is westen part of current day Czech Republic while Moravia is the eastern part. Czech silesia is to the north. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 2 points 5 days ago Ah, Silesia... permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 0 points 5 days ago 0 actual Czech? permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 7 points 5 days ago Moravian is czech. Historic name for the Czech Republic was the Kingdom of Bohemia of which Moravia was one of the two crown lands. Basically bohemia is westen part of current day Czech Republic while Moravia is the eastern part. Czech silesia is to the north. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 2 points 5 days ago Ah, Silesia... permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 7 points 5 days ago Moravian is czech. Historic name for the Czech Republic was the Kingdom of Bohemia of which Moravia was one of the two crown lands. Basically bohemia is westen part of current day Czech Republic while Moravia is the eastern part. Czech silesia is to the north. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 2 points 5 days ago Ah, Silesia... permalink parent award report block reply
Ligersrule1 2 points 5 days ago Ah, Silesia... permalink parent award report block reply
ganachain 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm turning Japanese permalink parent award report block reply Ryan282 3 points 5 days ago I really think so! permalink parent award report block reply
Ryan282 3 points 5 days ago I really think so! permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 2 points 5 days ago It was Peru. permalink parent award report block reply
clownworld30330 1 points 5 days ago Peru permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 4 points 5 days ago LOL Europe is far from healing. I'm glad he did what he did and more needs to be done but please don't tell me Europe is healing it's like pissing on me and telling me it's a nice soft morning rain permalink award report block reply Electrocutioner 4 points 5 days ago But a flag was removed! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 3 points 5 days ago Well around here that's considered a boom a big win healing meanwhile Tuesday's election results kind of show the opposite around this country and most of Europe permalink parent award report block reply
Electrocutioner 4 points 5 days ago But a flag was removed! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 3 points 5 days ago Well around here that's considered a boom a big win healing meanwhile Tuesday's election results kind of show the opposite around this country and most of Europe permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 3 points 5 days ago Well around here that's considered a boom a big win healing meanwhile Tuesday's election results kind of show the opposite around this country and most of Europe permalink parent award report block reply
NickAtNight 1 points 5 days ago Japanese name? permalink award report block reply KarameloKamala 2 points 5 days ago Japan is Polands longest standing ally since the russian-japanese war.  They refused to help Hitler invade Poland, refused to go to war with them when Britain forced Poland to declare war on Japan. We slavs and japs have liked each other for generations.  Its not surprising to me that a Jap would get somewhere in Slav politics as we see the world in a similar way and naturally are more conservative than our counterparts. permalink parent award report block reply
KarameloKamala 2 points 5 days ago Japan is Polands longest standing ally since the russian-japanese war.  They refused to help Hitler invade Poland, refused to go to war with them when Britain forced Poland to declare war on Japan. We slavs and japs have liked each other for generations.  Its not surprising to me that a Jap would get somewhere in Slav politics as we see the world in a similar way and naturally are more conservative than our counterparts. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 1 points 5 days ago CIA will be calling him shortly permalink award report block reply
chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago And he ends by referring to his ballsack!  Legand!  LOLOL permalink award report block reply
hnoble444 1 points 5 days ago Why is there a JAP in Bohemia? permalink award report block reply