1369 'Begin repatriating': German chancellor admits it's time to give Syrian migrants the boot (www.theblaze.com) posted 1 day ago by ThePopCan 104 comments award share report block 'Begin repatriating': German chancellor admits it's time to give Syrian migrants the boot | Blaze Media Now that the pro-deportation AFD party is set to eclipse the ruling coalition, Merz is singing a different tune. www.theblaze.com
104 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save airborne3502 96 points 1 day ago Good luck with that. They're dug in like ticks. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 33 points 1 day ago You mean cancer permalink parent award report block reply lostremote- 25 points 1 day ago Guess its time to put the band back together permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 9 points 1 day ago We are on a mission from God! permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 11 points 1 day ago Time for a Holy War. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 1 day ago Get in hoser! Sabaton intensifies permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... DogPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 0 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 1 points 1 day ago It’s going to get awful campy in there permalink parent award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 1 day ago Amon Goeth enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 4 points 1 day ago Cancer perfectly describes how the german gov and media brainwashed the young White woman to betray the White european man by mudsharking with these brown vermin permalink parent award report block reply ResortPede303 4 points 1 day ago Deport the ones that have stooped down to sleeping with or even dating a 3rd worlder. You want that culture? Go live in it, the civilized world wants no part of that contamination. permalink parent award report block reply Ricky_CIA 2 points 1 day ago What's the german word for chemotherapy? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 4 points 1 day ago Die Chemotherapie. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago I'll be there with my son. So, I'll help hack out the cancer if it FA anywhere near him. permalink parent award report block reply togtfo 1 points 1 day ago Tick cancer. permalink parent award report block reply rambler045 4 points 1 day ago I'm sure they remember how to load people into cattle cars. permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 3 points 1 day ago Yes, they remember, but the Russians likely removed them back to the USSR to copy their designs and reuse them. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 3 points 1 day ago There will be violence, worse than in the US. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago Its why Im trying to get a permanent visa there. My son lives in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 2 points 1 day ago The upside is that the new leader of Syria already called them home. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago LOL if there is one group of people that I think knows how to get a ethnic group out of their country..money is on the germans lol. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago You sure? It was the Germans who were so scared of their own history that they refused any imagery of the Swastika in documentaries, games, movies and miniatures. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago I remember when the US was also not for massive government. Times change. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 0 points 1 day ago Valid Point! 1 6-pointed Gold Star for You! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Oye vey! permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... SubmarineGuy 50 points 1 day ago Islam is a cancerous poison to any infidel society foolish enough to import it. The Islamic world should be isolated and cut off from the civilized world the way the Soviet Union once was. Acceptance of intolerance means intolerance eventually wins. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago Tell israel and the MIC to stop displacing them, ffs. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago Worst part is how the young White woman have been braonwashed to mudshark with these invader scum. Berlin for instance is full of these mudsharks and their halfbreed mulatto goblin permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 5 points 1 day ago You can thank the schools and media for that. The left infiltrated these institutions a long time ago in order to psychologically manipulate people. And sadly it worked really well. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago I want both those scum and the mudsharks executed permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The really dumb women will get married then move with their Islamic husband to Islamoland. Then they find out, the hard way , that are now essentially slaves. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 5 hours ago And the browns win as White man remain single as they cant get a wife of our own race permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago Im in Germany 1/2 the year, 20 mins outside of Berlin. Wtf are you even talking about??? permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 -2 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago West is only dependent on oil as long as the world markets remain strong. rather then using energy products locally to produce shit its being sold raw because its cheaper and easier and plentiful. America literally has more energy then it needs. permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 29 points 1 day ago Can't say it often enough: Merz is a fraud. He talks big for the polls but ALWAYS acts like the leftist globalist that he is. Literally just today another plane with Afghans from Pakistan arrived in Germany. permalink award report block reply rambler045 10 points 1 day ago Much like the Tories in the UK, they think you are too stupid to remember that they supported all this shit less than 6 months ago. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 1 day ago Trying to placate their voters with strong talk to remain in power. It might work, once permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 day ago Elections are on the horizon, Jan I believe. His tune will change after bamboozling some folks who were thinking of voting AfD. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 24 points 1 day ago Too little to late. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago With God on your side, all things are possible. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 21 points 1 day ago President Obama let thousands of them into our country too, at the time it was at war and they could not vet them with the Syrian government. If President Trump can host their president at the White House, it's safe enough for them all to go home. permalink award report block reply HeinzHummer 11 points 1 day ago I mean what options would Germans have, I suppose they could build facilities of some sort that could help detain undesirables? They would have to impose some sort of train-like system to even move these people, I don’t think it’s ever been done in history. The solutions are there, they just haven’t thought of them yet. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 1 day ago Start up the cattle cars and furnaces. Also give the same ounishment to any race traitor White woman who spresd their legs for these brown roaches permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 9 points 1 day ago I am not islamaphobic. I am anti islam.  Whatever that takes. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 8 points 1 day ago Denmark is also fatigued enough that the mainstream parties stole the deport kebab platform from the right leaning party. Probably won't be the last govt to cave to what their constituents actually want permalink award report block reply Easzq8 7 points 1 day ago The whole idea was to help the Syrians. Meanwhile every other goat humper flooded in. The Syrian war is over, send them ALLLLLLLLLLLLLL back. permalink award report block reply Seeker_17 6 points 1 day ago That's actually a good point. If the Syrians are no longer 'refugees', we would all the others? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 7 points 1 day ago Germany's borders are still open.  They aren't serious. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 1 day ago Any country in the EU has very little recourse when these people just stream over the border like we can move between states. permalink parent award report block reply dirtysanchez69 6 points 1 day ago In order to stay in Germany, they must take the schweinshaxe test. permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 6 points 1 day ago REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!! permalink award report block reply Comanche_Moon 4 points 1 day ago Don't stop there!  Give the boot to all the invaders. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 4 points 1 day ago If you don't read the article, this is the important part. Most of them didn't even try to assimilate. Marc Bernhard, an AFD lawmaker, recently told PBS' "Frontline" that of the 1 to 1.2 million Syrians now in Germany, "Most of them don't have jobs. Most of them are not well integrated. That's exactly the issue." Fewer than 290,000 Syrian nationals were reportedly employed in Germany last year. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 1 day ago All of them should go. Otherwise most of the young White woman there will be stupid enough to mudshark with them permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 1 day ago They have to all go because otherwise they just start the process of bringing people over through their credentials. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 4 points 1 day ago And Afghans, and Pakis, and all Muslims permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 4 points 1 day ago I know a cop in Germany who does deportations. He's deported the same few people multiple times LMAO permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 1 day ago Germany needs to get in on the deal Trump and Bukele made.....Germany pays El Salvador to incarcerate criminal Moslems at CECOT, then pays to deport them from El Salvador when the sentences are completed. Actual punishment, THEN deportation, is the way to discourage them from coming back. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago El Salvador is a tiny Country, DJT should get a non-compete agreement signed. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 4 points 1 day ago Whatever happened to the rail cars? permalink award report block reply journalist 3 points 1 day ago Too late, Germany is dead as a Christmas Market in Hamburg. permalink award report block reply Agent_86 3 points 1 day ago The article was written with a ton of em dashes. It's how you know people are using ai to write their stuff. permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 1 day ago We are in the mid twenties and the Germans are starting to get froggy again. Surely this will end well. permalink award report block reply Dem_slayer 3 points 1 day ago don't discriminate by country.... kick out all the Muslims and Africans. permalink award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 3 points 1 day ago way too late. permalink award report block reply kjj9 2 points 1 day ago In the 1990s, the problem was "the turks".  Kicking out the Syrians is like phase 0 of saving Germany. permalink award report block reply ragnarokrobo 2 points 1 day ago Now that the one guy protecting Christians is gone and the west pretends a terrorist is okay now while inviting them to the white house, they have to go back. permalink award report block reply buster2209 2 points 1 day ago Weimar problems require Weimar solutions permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 1 day ago Should have done that the moment Assad was removed from the picture. Remember this when Maduro has been dealt with and the Venezuelan cockroaches in America become highly reluctant to go back. permalink award report block reply HellNoKameltoe 2 points 1 day ago and Turks permalink award report block reply Seeker_17 2 points 1 day ago Problem is these Syrians came after Merkel opened the borders and are only a small portion. This means all the others won't be affected by this. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago A journey of 1,000 kilometers  begins with a single step. permalink parent award report block reply Zippythekid 2 points 1 day ago I like that term Repaitriating. If the left likes to change and soften language so much stop deportations and begin mass Repatriations. permalink award report block reply ThePopCan OP 2 points 1 day ago I also support de-helicoptering for communists. permalink parent award report block reply Zippythekid 1 points 1 day ago Me too!! permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 1 day ago Ok permalink award report block reply Edge9876 1 points 22 hours ago Yeah they keep saying that. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 1 day ago This is why everyone was in such a rush to normalize relations with Al Joulani and just brush his past under the rug. permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 24 hours ago Neine neine neine!! permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 1 day ago Angela Merkel was the architect of the invasion permalink award report block reply Grond999 1 points 23 hours ago The wests non-stop wars in the Middle East are part of the picture. War for resources. That is what Venezuela is REALLY all about too. permalink parent award report block reply Redeemable 1 points 1 day ago I'll believe it when I see it. permalink award report block reply Boruzu 1 points 1 day ago They all look like the Fagge in New York City permalink award report block reply Bazhosh 1 points 1 day ago All talk, no action. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 1 points 1 day ago Seria is free of Assad. That was the pretext. The pretext is gone. permalink award report block reply Grond999 1 points 23 hours ago If they are German citizens they won't be going anywhere. permalink award report block reply krepoisbest 1 points 1 day ago All talk permalink award report block reply Covfefe_And_Justice 1 points 19 hours ago Guaranteed they're on social welfare of some form. So the government must have their address.  Chuck them in a van (much like a side of beef once was) and ship 'em out! permalink award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 1 day ago I mean, seriously, what the fuck even was the plan here?? What did they think was going to happen?? permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 1 points 21 hours ago Das Boot! Ouslander Raus! permalink award report block reply BeekeepingPatriot 1 points 1 day ago Too late permalink award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 1 points 1 day ago Pretty sure germany will just replace them with jeets or more africans. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 1 day ago Way too late the gernan stste nedia has already brainwashed many of their young White woman to be race traitors who racemix/nudshark with the brown invaders. berlin is full of these scum and mulatto-arab halfbreed goblons permalink award report block reply SmokeyAF 1 points 1 day ago Only because AfD is becoming the top party to which Germans have any hope whatsoever to stem the invasion. permalink award report block reply Ferzth 0 points 1 day ago Well, German industry and government has a long history of their trains running on time, to remove the "undesirables" from Germany. Only this time, Germany, you just deport them, not exterminate them. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 0 points 1 day ago Should have thought of that sooner Wilhelm! permalink award report block reply covok48 -2 points 1 day ago Hope you like trench warfare. Again. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 96 points 1 day ago Good luck with that. They're dug in like ticks. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 33 points 1 day ago You mean cancer permalink parent award report block reply lostremote- 25 points 1 day ago Guess its time to put the band back together permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 9 points 1 day ago We are on a mission from God! permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 11 points 1 day ago Time for a Holy War. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 1 day ago Get in hoser! Sabaton intensifies permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... DogPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 0 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 1 points 1 day ago It’s going to get awful campy in there permalink parent award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 1 day ago Amon Goeth enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 4 points 1 day ago Cancer perfectly describes how the german gov and media brainwashed the young White woman to betray the White european man by mudsharking with these brown vermin permalink parent award report block reply ResortPede303 4 points 1 day ago Deport the ones that have stooped down to sleeping with or even dating a 3rd worlder. You want that culture? Go live in it, the civilized world wants no part of that contamination. permalink parent award report block reply Ricky_CIA 2 points 1 day ago What's the german word for chemotherapy? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 4 points 1 day ago Die Chemotherapie. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago I'll be there with my son. So, I'll help hack out the cancer if it FA anywhere near him. permalink parent award report block reply togtfo 1 points 1 day ago Tick cancer. permalink parent award report block reply rambler045 4 points 1 day ago I'm sure they remember how to load people into cattle cars. permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 3 points 1 day ago Yes, they remember, but the Russians likely removed them back to the USSR to copy their designs and reuse them. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 3 points 1 day ago There will be violence, worse than in the US. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago Its why Im trying to get a permanent visa there. My son lives in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 2 points 1 day ago The upside is that the new leader of Syria already called them home. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago LOL if there is one group of people that I think knows how to get a ethnic group out of their country..money is on the germans lol. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago You sure? It was the Germans who were so scared of their own history that they refused any imagery of the Swastika in documentaries, games, movies and miniatures. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago I remember when the US was also not for massive government. Times change. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 0 points 1 day ago Valid Point! 1 6-pointed Gold Star for You! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Oye vey! permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments...
redditadminssuckit 33 points 1 day ago You mean cancer permalink parent award report block reply lostremote- 25 points 1 day ago Guess its time to put the band back together permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 9 points 1 day ago We are on a mission from God! permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 11 points 1 day ago Time for a Holy War. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 1 day ago Get in hoser! Sabaton intensifies permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... DogPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 0 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 1 points 1 day ago It’s going to get awful campy in there permalink parent award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 1 day ago Amon Goeth enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 4 points 1 day ago Cancer perfectly describes how the german gov and media brainwashed the young White woman to betray the White european man by mudsharking with these brown vermin permalink parent award report block reply ResortPede303 4 points 1 day ago Deport the ones that have stooped down to sleeping with or even dating a 3rd worlder. You want that culture? Go live in it, the civilized world wants no part of that contamination. permalink parent award report block reply Ricky_CIA 2 points 1 day ago What's the german word for chemotherapy? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 4 points 1 day ago Die Chemotherapie. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago I'll be there with my son. So, I'll help hack out the cancer if it FA anywhere near him. permalink parent award report block reply togtfo 1 points 1 day ago Tick cancer. permalink parent award report block reply
lostremote- 25 points 1 day ago Guess its time to put the band back together permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 9 points 1 day ago We are on a mission from God! permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 11 points 1 day ago Time for a Holy War. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 1 day ago Get in hoser! Sabaton intensifies permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... DogPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 0 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 1 points 1 day ago It’s going to get awful campy in there permalink parent award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 1 day ago Amon Goeth enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 9 points 1 day ago We are on a mission from God! permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 11 points 1 day ago Time for a Holy War. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 5 points 1 day ago Get in hoser! Sabaton intensifies permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... DogPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 0 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Youngman1234 11 points 1 day ago Time for a Holy War. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 5 points 1 day ago Get in hoser! Sabaton intensifies permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DogPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Deportthemall23 0 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAPlenty 1 points 1 day ago It’s going to get awful campy in there permalink parent award report block reply
Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 1 day ago Amon Goeth enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 4 points 1 day ago Cancer perfectly describes how the german gov and media brainwashed the young White woman to betray the White european man by mudsharking with these brown vermin permalink parent award report block reply ResortPede303 4 points 1 day ago Deport the ones that have stooped down to sleeping with or even dating a 3rd worlder. You want that culture? Go live in it, the civilized world wants no part of that contamination. permalink parent award report block reply
ResortPede303 4 points 1 day ago Deport the ones that have stooped down to sleeping with or even dating a 3rd worlder. You want that culture? Go live in it, the civilized world wants no part of that contamination. permalink parent award report block reply
Ricky_CIA 2 points 1 day ago What's the german word for chemotherapy? permalink parent award report block reply Nikola_S1 4 points 1 day ago Die Chemotherapie. permalink parent award report block reply
Nikola_S1 4 points 1 day ago Die Chemotherapie. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago I'll be there with my son. So, I'll help hack out the cancer if it FA anywhere near him. permalink parent award report block reply
togtfo 1 points 1 day ago Tick cancer. permalink parent award report block reply
rambler045 4 points 1 day ago I'm sure they remember how to load people into cattle cars. permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 3 points 1 day ago Yes, they remember, but the Russians likely removed them back to the USSR to copy their designs and reuse them. permalink parent award report block reply
Youngman1234 3 points 1 day ago Yes, they remember, but the Russians likely removed them back to the USSR to copy their designs and reuse them. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 3 points 1 day ago There will be violence, worse than in the US. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago Its why Im trying to get a permanent visa there. My son lives in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago Its why Im trying to get a permanent visa there. My son lives in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply
Transparency 2 points 1 day ago The upside is that the new leader of Syria already called them home. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago LOL if there is one group of people that I think knows how to get a ethnic group out of their country..money is on the germans lol. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago You sure? It was the Germans who were so scared of their own history that they refused any imagery of the Swastika in documentaries, games, movies and miniatures. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago I remember when the US was also not for massive government. Times change. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 0 points 1 day ago Valid Point! 1 6-pointed Gold Star for You! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Oye vey! permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago You sure? It was the Germans who were so scared of their own history that they refused any imagery of the Swastika in documentaries, games, movies and miniatures. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago I remember when the US was also not for massive government. Times change. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago I remember when the US was also not for massive government. Times change. permalink parent award report block reply
Transparency 0 points 1 day ago Valid Point! 1 6-pointed Gold Star for You! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Oye vey! permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 3 points 1 day ago Oye vey! permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 50 points 1 day ago Islam is a cancerous poison to any infidel society foolish enough to import it. The Islamic world should be isolated and cut off from the civilized world the way the Soviet Union once was. Acceptance of intolerance means intolerance eventually wins. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago Tell israel and the MIC to stop displacing them, ffs. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago Worst part is how the young White woman have been braonwashed to mudshark with these invader scum. Berlin for instance is full of these mudsharks and their halfbreed mulatto goblin permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 5 points 1 day ago You can thank the schools and media for that. The left infiltrated these institutions a long time ago in order to psychologically manipulate people. And sadly it worked really well. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago I want both those scum and the mudsharks executed permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The really dumb women will get married then move with their Islamic husband to Islamoland. Then they find out, the hard way , that are now essentially slaves. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 5 hours ago And the browns win as White man remain single as they cant get a wife of our own race permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago Im in Germany 1/2 the year, 20 mins outside of Berlin. Wtf are you even talking about??? permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 -2 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago West is only dependent on oil as long as the world markets remain strong. rather then using energy products locally to produce shit its being sold raw because its cheaper and easier and plentiful. America literally has more energy then it needs. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 1 day ago Tell israel and the MIC to stop displacing them, ffs. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago Worst part is how the young White woman have been braonwashed to mudshark with these invader scum. Berlin for instance is full of these mudsharks and their halfbreed mulatto goblin permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 5 points 1 day ago You can thank the schools and media for that. The left infiltrated these institutions a long time ago in order to psychologically manipulate people. And sadly it worked really well. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago I want both those scum and the mudsharks executed permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The really dumb women will get married then move with their Islamic husband to Islamoland. Then they find out, the hard way , that are now essentially slaves. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 5 hours ago And the browns win as White man remain single as they cant get a wife of our own race permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago Im in Germany 1/2 the year, 20 mins outside of Berlin. Wtf are you even talking about??? permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 5 points 1 day ago You can thank the schools and media for that. The left infiltrated these institutions a long time ago in order to psychologically manipulate people. And sadly it worked really well. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago I want both those scum and the mudsharks executed permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 3 points 1 day ago I want both those scum and the mudsharks executed permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The really dumb women will get married then move with their Islamic husband to Islamoland. Then they find out, the hard way , that are now essentially slaves. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 5 hours ago And the browns win as White man remain single as they cant get a wife of our own race permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 5 hours ago And the browns win as White man remain single as they cant get a wife of our own race permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 1 day ago Im in Germany 1/2 the year, 20 mins outside of Berlin. Wtf are you even talking about??? permalink parent award report block reply
Deportthemall23 -2 points 1 day ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago West is only dependent on oil as long as the world markets remain strong. rather then using energy products locally to produce shit its being sold raw because its cheaper and easier and plentiful. America literally has more energy then it needs. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 1 day ago West is only dependent on oil as long as the world markets remain strong. rather then using energy products locally to produce shit its being sold raw because its cheaper and easier and plentiful. America literally has more energy then it needs. permalink parent award report block reply
Lurker404 29 points 1 day ago Can't say it often enough: Merz is a fraud. He talks big for the polls but ALWAYS acts like the leftist globalist that he is. Literally just today another plane with Afghans from Pakistan arrived in Germany. permalink award report block reply rambler045 10 points 1 day ago Much like the Tories in the UK, they think you are too stupid to remember that they supported all this shit less than 6 months ago. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 1 day ago Trying to placate their voters with strong talk to remain in power. It might work, once permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 day ago Elections are on the horizon, Jan I believe. His tune will change after bamboozling some folks who were thinking of voting AfD. permalink parent award report block reply
rambler045 10 points 1 day ago Much like the Tories in the UK, they think you are too stupid to remember that they supported all this shit less than 6 months ago. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 2 points 1 day ago Trying to placate their voters with strong talk to remain in power. It might work, once permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 2 points 1 day ago Elections are on the horizon, Jan I believe. His tune will change after bamboozling some folks who were thinking of voting AfD. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 24 points 1 day ago Too little to late. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago With God on your side, all things are possible. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 3 points 1 day ago With God on your side, all things are possible. permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 21 points 1 day ago President Obama let thousands of them into our country too, at the time it was at war and they could not vet them with the Syrian government. If President Trump can host their president at the White House, it's safe enough for them all to go home. permalink award report block reply
HeinzHummer 11 points 1 day ago I mean what options would Germans have, I suppose they could build facilities of some sort that could help detain undesirables? They would have to impose some sort of train-like system to even move these people, I don’t think it’s ever been done in history. The solutions are there, they just haven’t thought of them yet. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 1 day ago Start up the cattle cars and furnaces. Also give the same ounishment to any race traitor White woman who spresd their legs for these brown roaches permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 1 day ago Start up the cattle cars and furnaces. Also give the same ounishment to any race traitor White woman who spresd their legs for these brown roaches permalink parent award report block reply
Pederella 9 points 1 day ago I am not islamaphobic. I am anti islam.  Whatever that takes. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 8 points 1 day ago Denmark is also fatigued enough that the mainstream parties stole the deport kebab platform from the right leaning party. Probably won't be the last govt to cave to what their constituents actually want permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 7 points 1 day ago The whole idea was to help the Syrians. Meanwhile every other goat humper flooded in. The Syrian war is over, send them ALLLLLLLLLLLLLL back. permalink award report block reply Seeker_17 6 points 1 day ago That's actually a good point. If the Syrians are no longer 'refugees', we would all the others? permalink parent award report block reply
Seeker_17 6 points 1 day ago That's actually a good point. If the Syrians are no longer 'refugees', we would all the others? permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 7 points 1 day ago Germany's borders are still open.  They aren't serious. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 1 day ago Any country in the EU has very little recourse when these people just stream over the border like we can move between states. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 1 day ago Any country in the EU has very little recourse when these people just stream over the border like we can move between states. permalink parent award report block reply
dirtysanchez69 6 points 1 day ago In order to stay in Germany, they must take the schweinshaxe test. permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 6 points 1 day ago REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!! permalink award report block reply
Comanche_Moon 4 points 1 day ago Don't stop there!  Give the boot to all the invaders. permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 4 points 1 day ago If you don't read the article, this is the important part. Most of them didn't even try to assimilate. Marc Bernhard, an AFD lawmaker, recently told PBS' "Frontline" that of the 1 to 1.2 million Syrians now in Germany, "Most of them don't have jobs. Most of them are not well integrated. That's exactly the issue." Fewer than 290,000 Syrian nationals were reportedly employed in Germany last year. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 1 day ago All of them should go. Otherwise most of the young White woman there will be stupid enough to mudshark with them permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 1 day ago They have to all go because otherwise they just start the process of bringing people over through their credentials. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 2 points 1 day ago All of them should go. Otherwise most of the young White woman there will be stupid enough to mudshark with them permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 1 day ago They have to all go because otherwise they just start the process of bringing people over through their credentials. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 1 day ago They have to all go because otherwise they just start the process of bringing people over through their credentials. permalink parent award report block reply
DefenderDad 4 points 1 day ago And Afghans, and Pakis, and all Muslims permalink award report block reply
SqRt7744 4 points 1 day ago I know a cop in Germany who does deportations. He's deported the same few people multiple times LMAO permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 1 day ago Germany needs to get in on the deal Trump and Bukele made.....Germany pays El Salvador to incarcerate criminal Moslems at CECOT, then pays to deport them from El Salvador when the sentences are completed. Actual punishment, THEN deportation, is the way to discourage them from coming back. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago El Salvador is a tiny Country, DJT should get a non-compete agreement signed. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 3 points 1 day ago Germany needs to get in on the deal Trump and Bukele made.....Germany pays El Salvador to incarcerate criminal Moslems at CECOT, then pays to deport them from El Salvador when the sentences are completed. Actual punishment, THEN deportation, is the way to discourage them from coming back. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago El Salvador is a tiny Country, DJT should get a non-compete agreement signed. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago El Salvador is a tiny Country, DJT should get a non-compete agreement signed. permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 4 points 1 day ago Whatever happened to the rail cars? permalink award report block reply
journalist 3 points 1 day ago Too late, Germany is dead as a Christmas Market in Hamburg. permalink award report block reply
Agent_86 3 points 1 day ago The article was written with a ton of em dashes. It's how you know people are using ai to write their stuff. permalink award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 1 day ago We are in the mid twenties and the Germans are starting to get froggy again. Surely this will end well. permalink award report block reply
Dem_slayer 3 points 1 day ago don't discriminate by country.... kick out all the Muslims and Africans. permalink award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 3 points 1 day ago way too late. permalink award report block reply
kjj9 2 points 1 day ago In the 1990s, the problem was "the turks".  Kicking out the Syrians is like phase 0 of saving Germany. permalink award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 2 points 1 day ago Now that the one guy protecting Christians is gone and the west pretends a terrorist is okay now while inviting them to the white house, they have to go back. permalink award report block reply
buster2209 2 points 1 day ago Weimar problems require Weimar solutions permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 1 day ago Should have done that the moment Assad was removed from the picture. Remember this when Maduro has been dealt with and the Venezuelan cockroaches in America become highly reluctant to go back. permalink award report block reply
HellNoKameltoe 2 points 1 day ago and Turks permalink award report block reply
Seeker_17 2 points 1 day ago Problem is these Syrians came after Merkel opened the borders and are only a small portion. This means all the others won't be affected by this. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago A journey of 1,000 kilometers  begins with a single step. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 4 points 1 day ago A journey of 1,000 kilometers  begins with a single step. permalink parent award report block reply
Zippythekid 2 points 1 day ago I like that term Repaitriating. If the left likes to change and soften language so much stop deportations and begin mass Repatriations. permalink award report block reply ThePopCan OP 2 points 1 day ago I also support de-helicoptering for communists. permalink parent award report block reply Zippythekid 1 points 1 day ago Me too!! permalink parent award report block reply
ThePopCan OP 2 points 1 day ago I also support de-helicoptering for communists. permalink parent award report block reply Zippythekid 1 points 1 day ago Me too!! permalink parent award report block reply
Zippythekid 1 points 1 day ago Me too!! permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 1 points 1 day ago Ok permalink award report block reply
Edge9876 1 points 22 hours ago Yeah they keep saying that. permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 1 day ago This is why everyone was in such a rush to normalize relations with Al Joulani and just brush his past under the rug. permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 24 hours ago Neine neine neine!! permalink award report block reply
RoughBoy 1 points 1 day ago Angela Merkel was the architect of the invasion permalink award report block reply Grond999 1 points 23 hours ago The wests non-stop wars in the Middle East are part of the picture. War for resources. That is what Venezuela is REALLY all about too. permalink parent award report block reply
Grond999 1 points 23 hours ago The wests non-stop wars in the Middle East are part of the picture. War for resources. That is what Venezuela is REALLY all about too. permalink parent award report block reply
Redeemable 1 points 1 day ago I'll believe it when I see it. permalink award report block reply
Boruzu 1 points 1 day ago They all look like the Fagge in New York City permalink award report block reply
Bazhosh 1 points 1 day ago All talk, no action. permalink award report block reply
Counterwhat 1 points 1 day ago Seria is free of Assad. That was the pretext. The pretext is gone. permalink award report block reply
Grond999 1 points 23 hours ago If they are German citizens they won't be going anywhere. permalink award report block reply
krepoisbest 1 points 1 day ago All talk permalink award report block reply
Covfefe_And_Justice 1 points 19 hours ago Guaranteed they're on social welfare of some form. So the government must have their address.  Chuck them in a van (much like a side of beef once was) and ship 'em out! permalink award report block reply
MediaBro 1 points 1 day ago I mean, seriously, what the fuck even was the plan here?? What did they think was going to happen?? permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 1 points 21 hours ago Das Boot! Ouslander Raus! permalink award report block reply
BeekeepingPatriot 1 points 1 day ago Too late permalink award report block reply
alucard13mmfmj 1 points 1 day ago Pretty sure germany will just replace them with jeets or more africans. permalink award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 1 day ago Way too late the gernan stste nedia has already brainwashed many of their young White woman to be race traitors who racemix/nudshark with the brown invaders. berlin is full of these scum and mulatto-arab halfbreed goblons permalink award report block reply
SmokeyAF 1 points 1 day ago Only because AfD is becoming the top party to which Germans have any hope whatsoever to stem the invasion. permalink award report block reply
Ferzth 0 points 1 day ago Well, German industry and government has a long history of their trains running on time, to remove the "undesirables" from Germany. Only this time, Germany, you just deport them, not exterminate them. permalink award report block reply
DCYR66 0 points 1 day ago Should have thought of that sooner Wilhelm! permalink award report block reply
covok48 -2 points 1 day ago Hope you like trench warfare. Again. permalink award report block reply