89 Flush the H1-B visas! posted 11 hours ago by grandfather_nurgle 5 comments award share download report block
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Wexit-Delecto 4 points 10 hours ago Who’s going to make America great again if not the Indian H1Bs? It’s preposterous to think the Americans who once made America great could do it again. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 11 hours ago Its so sad Trump has caved to the dems on H1Bs and "legal" immigration... permalink award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 9 hours ago Dems don't support H1B. A plurality of Americans, on the left, center and right oppose H1B. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 8 hours ago The only ones who want to replace Americans are the left, and the globhomo elite, including the RINOs... permalink parent award report block reply hazelknut 1 points 3 hours ago THIS SHOULD BE THE TOP STICKY. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 4 points 10 hours ago Who’s going to make America great again if not the Indian H1Bs? It’s preposterous to think the Americans who once made America great could do it again. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 11 hours ago Its so sad Trump has caved to the dems on H1Bs and "legal" immigration... permalink award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 9 hours ago Dems don't support H1B. A plurality of Americans, on the left, center and right oppose H1B. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 8 hours ago The only ones who want to replace Americans are the left, and the globhomo elite, including the RINOs... permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 1 points 9 hours ago Dems don't support H1B. A plurality of Americans, on the left, center and right oppose H1B. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 8 hours ago The only ones who want to replace Americans are the left, and the globhomo elite, including the RINOs... permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 8 hours ago The only ones who want to replace Americans are the left, and the globhomo elite, including the RINOs... permalink parent award report block reply
hazelknut 1 points 3 hours ago THIS SHOULD BE THE TOP STICKY. permalink award report block reply