365 Female influencer says influencers are being paid to publicly support H1B posted 13 hours ago by AVeryNakedMan 15 comments award share report block Olivia Krolczyk ✞ @oliviakrolczyk_ • 1d The amount of money I’ve been offered to promote HB-1 is crazy. So just remember that a lot of these “influencers” are just bought and paid for. And my message to influencers: don’t accept money to promote anything that you don’t ACTUALLY support/agree with. Keep your morals.
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style magapatriot_pa 19 points 13 hours ago So it's not about saving a few bucks after all. They just hate Whites, especially White men and double-especially White Christian men, and want us gone at any cost. Remember that, then act accordingly permalink award report block reply AVeryNakedMan OP 13 points 13 hours ago It's most likely that India is paying people to support H1B because India is the primary beneficiary of it. Most H1B's are Indians and they send home a lot of money, which boosts the economy of India. Supposedly the Indian government even has an official program that tries to convince other governments to let more Indian immigrants into their countries. permalink parent award report block reply Shmioighan 9 points 12 hours ago It is a disturbing trend that people are consistently getting offered life changing amounts of money from those controlling massive fortunes to sell out for dangerous and harmful causes. A good example is the gambling industry. They make so much money they can easily afford to change the lives and fortunes of hundreds of even very well known individuals, because it is peanuts to what they stand to and do bilk out of everyone else. An incredible test of character, for sure... Then there is congress, kek. permalink award report block reply projectarcturus1 9 points 13 hours ago Nobody likes these retards in their countries or businesses. No one likes the extra work that comes with working with them and constantly fixing their mistakes. They are a net loss. permalink award report block reply Marat1792 6 points 12 hours ago Ok, that fucking tears it. H1B is an attack on america. This is not a money game, this is a culture war and no one in DC is on our side. permalink award report block reply mastermeatlock 5 points 12 hours ago The fact that people have enough free time to waste watching "influencers" is fucking sad. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 4 points 10 hours ago If you read PDW, you are guaranteed to be reading some paid influencers. permalink parent award report block reply Combat_Hamster 4 points 13 hours ago Money being offered by whom? permalink award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 10 hours ago India. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 3 points 12 hours ago No shit permalink award report block reply GontMawr 1 points 30 minutes ago Influencer....morales..... HAHAHAHAHA! permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 9 hours ago Paid by who? permalink award report block reply hopefulG 1 points 4 hours ago Who or what instituted what is called "influencer?"  I have lived many decades without an influencer to influence my thought and opinion.  Are we in the stupidest era in history? permalink award report block reply Chachiex 0 points 13 hours ago Yeah but is it taxpayer paid 7k, oh wait..... permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -2 points 12 hours ago Attention whore pushing a fake hoax. Like a typical woman she wants all the attention to herself. Either she shuts up or she can suck my dick. Revoke the 19th amendment! permalink award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 19 points 13 hours ago So it's not about saving a few bucks after all. They just hate Whites, especially White men and double-especially White Christian men, and want us gone at any cost. Remember that, then act accordingly permalink award report block reply AVeryNakedMan OP 13 points 13 hours ago It's most likely that India is paying people to support H1B because India is the primary beneficiary of it. Most H1B's are Indians and they send home a lot of money, which boosts the economy of India. Supposedly the Indian government even has an official program that tries to convince other governments to let more Indian immigrants into their countries. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan OP 13 points 13 hours ago It's most likely that India is paying people to support H1B because India is the primary beneficiary of it. Most H1B's are Indians and they send home a lot of money, which boosts the economy of India. Supposedly the Indian government even has an official program that tries to convince other governments to let more Indian immigrants into their countries. permalink parent award report block reply
Shmioighan 9 points 12 hours ago It is a disturbing trend that people are consistently getting offered life changing amounts of money from those controlling massive fortunes to sell out for dangerous and harmful causes. A good example is the gambling industry. They make so much money they can easily afford to change the lives and fortunes of hundreds of even very well known individuals, because it is peanuts to what they stand to and do bilk out of everyone else. An incredible test of character, for sure... Then there is congress, kek. permalink award report block reply
projectarcturus1 9 points 13 hours ago Nobody likes these retards in their countries or businesses. No one likes the extra work that comes with working with them and constantly fixing their mistakes. They are a net loss. permalink award report block reply
Marat1792 6 points 12 hours ago Ok, that fucking tears it. H1B is an attack on america. This is not a money game, this is a culture war and no one in DC is on our side. permalink award report block reply
mastermeatlock 5 points 12 hours ago The fact that people have enough free time to waste watching "influencers" is fucking sad. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 4 points 10 hours ago If you read PDW, you are guaranteed to be reading some paid influencers. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 4 points 10 hours ago If you read PDW, you are guaranteed to be reading some paid influencers. permalink parent award report block reply
Combat_Hamster 4 points 13 hours ago Money being offered by whom? permalink award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 10 hours ago India. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 2 points 10 hours ago India. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 3 points 12 hours ago No shit permalink award report block reply
GontMawr 1 points 30 minutes ago Influencer....morales..... HAHAHAHAHA! permalink award report block reply
RoughBoy 1 points 9 hours ago Paid by who? permalink award report block reply
hopefulG 1 points 4 hours ago Who or what instituted what is called "influencer?"  I have lived many decades without an influencer to influence my thought and opinion.  Are we in the stupidest era in history? permalink award report block reply
Chachiex 0 points 13 hours ago Yeah but is it taxpayer paid 7k, oh wait..... permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -2 points 12 hours ago Attention whore pushing a fake hoax. Like a typical woman she wants all the attention to herself. Either she shuts up or she can suck my dick. Revoke the 19th amendment! permalink award report block reply