254 I dont even know who this guy is anymore posted 5 hours ago by MAG-n-KAG 32 comments award share download report block
32 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save FusionBlack 18 points 5 hours ago Absolutely . permalink award report block reply RejectoftheRepublic 11 points 5 hours ago Facts permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 8 points 4 hours ago I expected this from Jeb, not Trump. permalink award report block reply FKH2 7 points 4 hours ago I voted for Trump and still got Kamala permalink award report block reply SCP0073 3 points 2 hours ago Not even a year in permalink award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 2 points 1 hour ago Reminder to deport the left wing shills like this permalink award report block reply elgordo 2 points 4 hours ago I will give him some slack, because he is all we got and he is doing a lot of great things. He has to navigate the swamp and it may not always go our way. Deals need to be made because he is not the king. Not happy about it but I have no problem with people calling him out either. permalink award report block reply justicein2020 1 points 1 hour ago Spend 40 days screaming 'clean bill'. Can't even do that. Hemp ban! Just slide that right in there. Alcohol lobby said so. Can't do shit about voting, or the border, or the 3rd worlder flood. locked up none of the criminals. 50 year mortgages and 15 year car loans! 80 billion to bailout blackrock exposed argentina! smh permalink award report block reply Adaudeh 1 points 15 minutes ago We’ve been lied to permalink award report block reply mojorisen -8 points 4 hours ago I dont even know what this forum is anymore. Looks like the concern trolls, undercover leftists and bots have taken over the forum. READ THE RULES:  Be here for MAGA and Trump There are countless forums for concern trolling, anti-Trump sentiment etc.  You might even try Hasan Piker's stream.  It seems to align more closely to your feelings on Trump. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 12 points 4 hours ago Trump is currently not here for MAGA or Trump. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 hour ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply EuphoricTrillby 8 points 4 hours ago We’re not a cult. Stop acting like how Leftists talk about Obama. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 3 points 2 hours ago If we want to keep cheering for Trump, he needs to not do this kind of shit with no explanation as to how it might be necessary to open up 50 year mortgages and bring in more chinese spies to our universities. At least on the H1b topic he told us why, and apparently its because we is retarded and sheeet. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -20 points 5 hours ago fag Cry harder that Trump has completely confused you. I’m thrilled that the trolls are completely COMPLETELY! out of the loop and have no idea what he will do or suggest next. Remember: All his remarks are 100% LEGAL, thx to the GAY muslim Kenyan fucking with Smith-Mundt 😆 permalink award report block reply brutustyberius -20 points 5 hours ago Since when is this an anti trump site. Almost worse than CNN. What the fuck people? Through thick and thin. Don't you think he needs a little support right now. Don't you think that you, yourself could be doing more instead of piling on. Summer soldiers, all of you. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 26 points 5 hours ago Cheerleading for loser policies is not 'pro Trump'.  Getting him to course correct is. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 17 points 5 hours ago We're not married to the fucking guy. We've been duped. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 2 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 15 points 5 hours ago Nobody is above criticism. If he suddenly turned around and say whites are born evil and this is a black world, would you still blindly throw in with him? permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -10 points 4 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 3 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 12 points 5 hours ago MAGA > Trump permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 10 points 5 hours ago Don't you think he needs a little support right now WTF I love H1Bs and Chinese spies! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Be_The_Change 0 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG OP 6 points 5 hours ago Imo, I think he was MAGA.  But he made deals with the devil to get reelected, and now he's beholden to them. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 5 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 4 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 18 points 5 hours ago Absolutely . permalink award report block reply
RejectoftheRepublic 11 points 5 hours ago Facts permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 8 points 4 hours ago I expected this from Jeb, not Trump. permalink award report block reply
FKH2 7 points 4 hours ago I voted for Trump and still got Kamala permalink award report block reply
SCP0073 3 points 2 hours ago Not even a year in permalink award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 2 points 1 hour ago Reminder to deport the left wing shills like this permalink award report block reply
elgordo 2 points 4 hours ago I will give him some slack, because he is all we got and he is doing a lot of great things. He has to navigate the swamp and it may not always go our way. Deals need to be made because he is not the king. Not happy about it but I have no problem with people calling him out either. permalink award report block reply
justicein2020 1 points 1 hour ago Spend 40 days screaming 'clean bill'. Can't even do that. Hemp ban! Just slide that right in there. Alcohol lobby said so. Can't do shit about voting, or the border, or the 3rd worlder flood. locked up none of the criminals. 50 year mortgages and 15 year car loans! 80 billion to bailout blackrock exposed argentina! smh permalink award report block reply
Adaudeh 1 points 15 minutes ago We’ve been lied to permalink award report block reply
mojorisen -8 points 4 hours ago I dont even know what this forum is anymore. Looks like the concern trolls, undercover leftists and bots have taken over the forum. READ THE RULES:  Be here for MAGA and Trump There are countless forums for concern trolling, anti-Trump sentiment etc.  You might even try Hasan Piker's stream.  It seems to align more closely to your feelings on Trump. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 12 points 4 hours ago Trump is currently not here for MAGA or Trump. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 hour ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply EuphoricTrillby 8 points 4 hours ago We’re not a cult. Stop acting like how Leftists talk about Obama. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 3 points 2 hours ago If we want to keep cheering for Trump, he needs to not do this kind of shit with no explanation as to how it might be necessary to open up 50 year mortgages and bring in more chinese spies to our universities. At least on the H1b topic he told us why, and apparently its because we is retarded and sheeet. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 12 points 4 hours ago Trump is currently not here for MAGA or Trump. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 hour ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 hour ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply
EuphoricTrillby 8 points 4 hours ago We’re not a cult. Stop acting like how Leftists talk about Obama. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 3 points 2 hours ago If we want to keep cheering for Trump, he needs to not do this kind of shit with no explanation as to how it might be necessary to open up 50 year mortgages and bring in more chinese spies to our universities. At least on the H1b topic he told us why, and apparently its because we is retarded and sheeet. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -20 points 5 hours ago fag Cry harder that Trump has completely confused you. I’m thrilled that the trolls are completely COMPLETELY! out of the loop and have no idea what he will do or suggest next. Remember: All his remarks are 100% LEGAL, thx to the GAY muslim Kenyan fucking with Smith-Mundt 😆 permalink award report block reply
brutustyberius -20 points 5 hours ago Since when is this an anti trump site. Almost worse than CNN. What the fuck people? Through thick and thin. Don't you think he needs a little support right now. Don't you think that you, yourself could be doing more instead of piling on. Summer soldiers, all of you. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 26 points 5 hours ago Cheerleading for loser policies is not 'pro Trump'.  Getting him to course correct is. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 17 points 5 hours ago We're not married to the fucking guy. We've been duped. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 2 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 15 points 5 hours ago Nobody is above criticism. If he suddenly turned around and say whites are born evil and this is a black world, would you still blindly throw in with him? permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -10 points 4 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 3 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 12 points 5 hours ago MAGA > Trump permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 10 points 5 hours ago Don't you think he needs a little support right now WTF I love H1Bs and Chinese spies! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
Datamancer 26 points 5 hours ago Cheerleading for loser policies is not 'pro Trump'.  Getting him to course correct is. permalink parent award report block reply
LiquidSun 17 points 5 hours ago We're not married to the fucking guy. We've been duped. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 2 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 1 points 2 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply
brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 15 points 5 hours ago Nobody is above criticism. If he suddenly turned around and say whites are born evil and this is a black world, would you still blindly throw in with him? permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -10 points 4 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 3 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
mojorisen -10 points 4 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 3 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 4 points 3 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 12 points 5 hours ago MAGA > Trump permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply
brutustyberius 1 points 21 minutes ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 10 points 5 hours ago Don't you think he needs a little support right now WTF I love H1Bs and Chinese spies! permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 0 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG OP 6 points 5 hours ago Imo, I think he was MAGA.  But he made deals with the devil to get reelected, and now he's beholden to them. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 5 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 4 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG OP 6 points 5 hours ago Imo, I think he was MAGA.  But he made deals with the devil to get reelected, and now he's beholden to them. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 5 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 4 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 6 points 5 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 3 points 4 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply