79 Hey Kash, who built the gallows? posted 13 hours ago by Tailgunnerjoe 15 comments award share report block C3 @C_3C_3 • 3d Help! Find out who this is and January 6th crumbles. How is it possible this person has not been identified? (Hint: it’s not) Way easier than the Pipe Bomber.
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style x79q3pb 5 points 13 hours ago Should have been a real one, I don't care. I only care if this was a fed op. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 4 points 12 hours ago They guy is part of a Fed Op.   Mike Benz did a whole video proving, well, almost proving, the scaffold and everyone who was part of the construction of it, was a Fed. permalink parent award report block reply FromTheTopRope 3 points 13 hours ago This is a pivotal part of the false insurrection narrative. permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Did Pelosi’s daughter catch anything on her prepared documentary footage with her scripted film crew? permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 3 points 13 hours ago How is it they didn’t arrest The Scaffold Commander. All they had to do is wait for him at the bottom of the scaffold. You know, the one screaming to go into the capital…using a megaphone…on top of a tower. One way up, one way down?  How did they miss him? Eventually, he would get hungry, right? permalink award report block reply TGNX 2 points 11 hours ago That "gallows" wasn't even 10 feet tall. No trapdoor, rope and construction so flimsy that a human weight dropping down would likely yank it apart. permalink award report block reply 2FBIAgents1Cup 1 points 10 hours ago Well.... to be fair..... they are feds.... Did you actually expect them to know anything practical? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 12 hours ago Kash is busy with the young hottie that’s attracted to guys that look like bream in an overstocked pond. permalink award report block reply JesusisLordofAll777 2 points 12 hours ago Where was shane gillis that day? permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 2 points 12 hours ago I don’t know a single MAGAdonian who even owns shoes like that. permalink award report block reply RichardCranium88 1 points 8 hours ago who wears dress shoes to a protest? permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Quislings permalink parent award report block reply 2FBIAgents1Cup 1 points 10 hours ago Simple rule of thumb: Every single part of J6 that was sensationalized in the media was a psy-op. Every. Single. Part. permalink award report block reply brutustyberius 1 points 13 hours ago Is that an anchor on his hat? Poor pick of foot ware. Black socks? If they don’t get him for treason, throw him in jail for poor fashion sense. Sheesh! permalink award report block reply TGNX 1 points 11 hours ago Don't you remember? It was incredibly cold that day because of all the global warming. I mean climate change. permalink parent award report block reply Salty_Sailor 1 points 13 hours ago The shoes are a clue permalink award report block reply
x79q3pb 5 points 13 hours ago Should have been a real one, I don't care. I only care if this was a fed op. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 4 points 12 hours ago They guy is part of a Fed Op.   Mike Benz did a whole video proving, well, almost proving, the scaffold and everyone who was part of the construction of it, was a Fed. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 4 points 12 hours ago They guy is part of a Fed Op.   Mike Benz did a whole video proving, well, almost proving, the scaffold and everyone who was part of the construction of it, was a Fed. permalink parent award report block reply
FromTheTopRope 3 points 13 hours ago This is a pivotal part of the false insurrection narrative. permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Did Pelosi’s daughter catch anything on her prepared documentary footage with her scripted film crew? permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Did Pelosi’s daughter catch anything on her prepared documentary footage with her scripted film crew? permalink parent award report block reply
brutustyberius 3 points 13 hours ago How is it they didn’t arrest The Scaffold Commander. All they had to do is wait for him at the bottom of the scaffold. You know, the one screaming to go into the capital…using a megaphone…on top of a tower. One way up, one way down?  How did they miss him? Eventually, he would get hungry, right? permalink award report block reply
TGNX 2 points 11 hours ago That "gallows" wasn't even 10 feet tall. No trapdoor, rope and construction so flimsy that a human weight dropping down would likely yank it apart. permalink award report block reply 2FBIAgents1Cup 1 points 10 hours ago Well.... to be fair..... they are feds.... Did you actually expect them to know anything practical? permalink parent award report block reply
2FBIAgents1Cup 1 points 10 hours ago Well.... to be fair..... they are feds.... Did you actually expect them to know anything practical? permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 12 hours ago Kash is busy with the young hottie that’s attracted to guys that look like bream in an overstocked pond. permalink award report block reply
JesusisLordofAll777 2 points 12 hours ago Where was shane gillis that day? permalink award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 2 points 12 hours ago I don’t know a single MAGAdonian who even owns shoes like that. permalink award report block reply RichardCranium88 1 points 8 hours ago who wears dress shoes to a protest? permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Quislings permalink parent award report block reply
RichardCranium88 1 points 8 hours ago who wears dress shoes to a protest? permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Quislings permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 7 hours ago Quislings permalink parent award report block reply
2FBIAgents1Cup 1 points 10 hours ago Simple rule of thumb: Every single part of J6 that was sensationalized in the media was a psy-op. Every. Single. Part. permalink award report block reply
brutustyberius 1 points 13 hours ago Is that an anchor on his hat? Poor pick of foot ware. Black socks? If they don’t get him for treason, throw him in jail for poor fashion sense. Sheesh! permalink award report block reply TGNX 1 points 11 hours ago Don't you remember? It was incredibly cold that day because of all the global warming. I mean climate change. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 11 hours ago Don't you remember? It was incredibly cold that day because of all the global warming. I mean climate change. permalink parent award report block reply
Salty_Sailor 1 points 13 hours ago The shoes are a clue permalink award report block reply