397 Someone Find 2016 Trump Could Really Use That Guy Right Now posted 6 hours ago by flashersenpai 51 comments award share download report block
51 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save South_Florida_Guy 22 points 5 hours ago Abolish the H1B visa program for good and send every one back IMMEDIATELY. Anything less is not good enough and a half measure at best. permalink award report block reply It_takes_10_years 1 points 4 hours ago Our country and colleges would FAIL without foreigners. Trump said this verbatim. Trump said he knows MAGA better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 6 points 3 hours ago For that you need Congress. But what Trump is doing but should do more is enforce the law that requires them to look for Americans first. Automatically you’ll get far less H-1Bs. Just enforce the current law and stop the cheating permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 4 hours ago Fuck off shill permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -2 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 2 hours ago I think everyone here is fine with colleges failing, they won't be missed. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 2 hours ago That's not what Trump is saying. He said he knows what  MAGA wants better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 2 hours ago Course correction is a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 0 points 43 minutes ago They'd fail because foreign students pay full price. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 2 points 41 minutes ago Yup and that's why we need Chinese oligarchs to send their kids to our schools. We would fail with out their money. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 2 points 39 minutes ago Well.. the schools would fail or have to stop adding overpriced buildings. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 4 hours ago that's not going to happen..that is political suicide. better to force them all to pay 100k renewal fee and force all of them to expire/reapply within the next year. at least give the jeets time to sell and get out... permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 4 points 4 hours ago It should make it completely cost prohibitive to ever hire one over any American permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 4 hours ago 1000% agree. When did we ever start prioritizing foreigners who send their money to another country over AMERICANS who bleed RED WHITE and BLUE permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 3 points 4 hours ago If you think about it, this is much like an occupation. When Spain conquered Latin America, all the gold went to Spain. Under this new version of whatever we want to call it, US dollars are being sent across the globe. Either through wages of foreigners, or welfare benefits including welfare fraud. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 4 points 4 hours ago If I hire an Indian for $86,000 instead of an American for $120,000 in 3 years that $100,000 H1B1 fee pays for itself. What incentive is there to hire Americans? permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago uh we don't smell like shit all day every day? we don't do interview fraud and try to scam everyone? we eat american food and make good friends if you are ever stuck in a jam.  An american will spend 2-3% of his salary entertaining his coworkers, inviting them over for dinner, etc. The indian will send 90% of their gross back to india. make that $100k fee annual permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 4 hours ago Dude, I run a business.
I don’t give a fuck what my employees eat, smell like, who they invite to dinner or what they spend their paychecks on. I care about numbers. If someone does the same job for less, they win. That’s capitalism. You think friendship and barbecue offset a $34k pay gap? Get real. Loyalty doesn’t pay payroll. Efficiency does. So again what incentive is their to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... General_Grievance 1 points 43 minutes ago It's not an annual renewal fee though, it's one time. If I'm not mistaken, the visa period is Max 5 years, so 20k annually, which does nothing but generate a little more income for the government without changing the incentive structure for corporations. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_Centurion 10 points 5 hours ago Bunch of soyboi comments not saying how OP is wrong, but instead, schitzo posting about how a random post on a dinky website with no real world reach anymore is the subject of a conspiracy to split the entire Trump base. The absolute state of the dom. permalink award report block reply cosmos411 9 points 4 hours ago Being in IT I worked with many H1-B streetshitters. Every single one had the company apply (as quickly as possible) for a green card and I never heard of one being denied. The H1-B is FAR from temporary. permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 5 points 3 hours ago Things have moved quickly from "I voted for this!" to "What the fuck is this?" permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 3 points 4 hours ago i miss OG Trump.  if only cuck ryan wasnt the spit polisher of the house we could have had good things done permalink award report block reply Orlando_Doom 3 points 5 hours ago "first" If it's not "only" then the system can still be abused. Under the current system, pajeet hiring managers post the job first on American boards as legally required. Entry level pay, 20 years of experience and skills in xyz needed. When they can't get an applicant they offer a higher wage + travel and immigration expenses on the indian job board, only now it's ZERO experience required and free training in xyz after being hired. permalink award report block reply General_Grievance 2 points 47 minutes ago Promises made... Promises... Made... Doomerjak.jpeg permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 4 hours ago Who is this new Trump.  This imposter is a giant faggot permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 21 minutes ago Wonder what Miller has to say about Trumps H1B 180 permalink award report block reply cbonez416 1 points 2 hours ago Didn't he make h1b visas cost 150k per application? It use to be 1000 bucks!!!  I believe it should be ended as well but we all know Trump is to scare to actually change this counties economy!! So much potential going to waste right now!! permalink award report block reply Dallasguy 1 points 12 minutes ago Need proof they got to him?  This is it. permalink award report block reply happyfave -4 points 5 hours ago Yawn permalink award report block reply Girthquakes -7 points 6 hours ago Interesting how the sea of posts above and below this one only have like 4-8 upvotes yet somehow this has 18. Definitely organic. permalink award report block reply Braineack 7 points 5 hours ago The problem with the republican party, and maga, is that we think for ourselves.  so when geotus goes out and starts saying the dumbest shit ever, like 50yr mortgages and import more h1bs, we all dont fall in line -- like the democrats would do when their latest update installs -- and criticize him. permalink parent award report block reply Girthquakes -5 points 5 hours ago Criticism is one thing. But we all know this isn't "just criticism" lets not play games here permalink parent award report block reply Braineack 3 points 4 hours ago oh no, someone found a quote and why we voted for him in 2016! permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago who cares. deport the jeets and give jobs and houses back to americans.  you might have to replace all your drywall to get rid of the curry smell, though permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard -4 points 6 hours ago 💯 operation break up MAGA in full effect permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago the people who consistently push America First policies are trying to break up MAGA k permalink parent award report block reply Girthquakes -6 points 6 hours ago It's extremely transparent and astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 6 points 5 hours ago You're just lying to yourself. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp -14 points 5 hours ago Oh look guys! Another organic, really, really, bash Trump post with lots of real uptoots. Even though we have virtually no factory experience in some segments, we can do it all ourselves.  Who needs real life expertise in areas where we have none. Really, OP is one of us.  LOL permalink award report block reply Orlando_Doom 7 points 5 hours ago Indians with zero experience are trained after being hired. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 5 points 5 hours ago 2016 Trump was right, how is saying that considered "anti-Trump"? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago really, really, bash my criticism is mild compared to the level of betrayal H1B represents permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 4 hours ago what are you talking about. who gives a fuck about how many upvotes. the content of the thread stands on its own merit permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 1 points 2 hours ago Even though we have virtually no factory experience in some segments, Yes we are incapable of starting again, must bring in chinks and jeets. Another organic, really, really, bash Trump post with lots of real uptoots. You write like a jeet. I still support him, I never have and never will support h1b's, it's not America first. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 22 points 5 hours ago Abolish the H1B visa program for good and send every one back IMMEDIATELY. Anything less is not good enough and a half measure at best. permalink award report block reply It_takes_10_years 1 points 4 hours ago Our country and colleges would FAIL without foreigners. Trump said this verbatim. Trump said he knows MAGA better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 6 points 3 hours ago For that you need Congress. But what Trump is doing but should do more is enforce the law that requires them to look for Americans first. Automatically you’ll get far less H-1Bs. Just enforce the current law and stop the cheating permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 4 hours ago Fuck off shill permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -2 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 2 hours ago I think everyone here is fine with colleges failing, they won't be missed. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 2 hours ago That's not what Trump is saying. He said he knows what  MAGA wants better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 2 hours ago Course correction is a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 0 points 43 minutes ago They'd fail because foreign students pay full price. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 2 points 41 minutes ago Yup and that's why we need Chinese oligarchs to send their kids to our schools. We would fail with out their money. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 2 points 39 minutes ago Well.. the schools would fail or have to stop adding overpriced buildings. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 4 hours ago that's not going to happen..that is political suicide. better to force them all to pay 100k renewal fee and force all of them to expire/reapply within the next year. at least give the jeets time to sell and get out... permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 4 points 4 hours ago It should make it completely cost prohibitive to ever hire one over any American permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 4 hours ago 1000% agree. When did we ever start prioritizing foreigners who send their money to another country over AMERICANS who bleed RED WHITE and BLUE permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 3 points 4 hours ago If you think about it, this is much like an occupation. When Spain conquered Latin America, all the gold went to Spain. Under this new version of whatever we want to call it, US dollars are being sent across the globe. Either through wages of foreigners, or welfare benefits including welfare fraud. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 4 points 4 hours ago If I hire an Indian for $86,000 instead of an American for $120,000 in 3 years that $100,000 H1B1 fee pays for itself. What incentive is there to hire Americans? permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago uh we don't smell like shit all day every day? we don't do interview fraud and try to scam everyone? we eat american food and make good friends if you are ever stuck in a jam.  An american will spend 2-3% of his salary entertaining his coworkers, inviting them over for dinner, etc. The indian will send 90% of their gross back to india. make that $100k fee annual permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 4 hours ago Dude, I run a business.
I don’t give a fuck what my employees eat, smell like, who they invite to dinner or what they spend their paychecks on. I care about numbers. If someone does the same job for less, they win. That’s capitalism. You think friendship and barbecue offset a $34k pay gap? Get real. Loyalty doesn’t pay payroll. Efficiency does. So again what incentive is their to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... General_Grievance 1 points 43 minutes ago It's not an annual renewal fee though, it's one time. If I'm not mistaken, the visa period is Max 5 years, so 20k annually, which does nothing but generate a little more income for the government without changing the incentive structure for corporations. permalink parent award report block reply
It_takes_10_years 1 points 4 hours ago Our country and colleges would FAIL without foreigners. Trump said this verbatim. Trump said he knows MAGA better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 6 points 3 hours ago For that you need Congress. But what Trump is doing but should do more is enforce the law that requires them to look for Americans first. Automatically you’ll get far less H-1Bs. Just enforce the current law and stop the cheating permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 5 points 4 hours ago Fuck off shill permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -2 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 2 hours ago I think everyone here is fine with colleges failing, they won't be missed. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 2 hours ago That's not what Trump is saying. He said he knows what  MAGA wants better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 2 hours ago Course correction is a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 0 points 43 minutes ago They'd fail because foreign students pay full price. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 2 points 41 minutes ago Yup and that's why we need Chinese oligarchs to send their kids to our schools. We would fail with out their money. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 2 points 39 minutes ago Well.. the schools would fail or have to stop adding overpriced buildings. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 6 points 3 hours ago For that you need Congress. But what Trump is doing but should do more is enforce the law that requires them to look for Americans first. Automatically you’ll get far less H-1Bs. Just enforce the current law and stop the cheating permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 5 points 4 hours ago Fuck off shill permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -2 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
It_takes_10_years -2 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 2 hours ago I think everyone here is fine with colleges failing, they won't be missed. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 2 hours ago That's not what Trump is saying. He said he knows what  MAGA wants better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply
It_takes_10_years -1 points 2 hours ago That's not what Trump is saying. He said he knows what  MAGA wants better than anyone else. permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 2 hours ago Course correction is a good thing. permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 0 points 43 minutes ago They'd fail because foreign students pay full price. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 2 points 41 minutes ago Yup and that's why we need Chinese oligarchs to send their kids to our schools. We would fail with out their money. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 2 points 39 minutes ago Well.. the schools would fail or have to stop adding overpriced buildings. permalink parent award report block reply
It_takes_10_years 2 points 41 minutes ago Yup and that's why we need Chinese oligarchs to send their kids to our schools. We would fail with out their money. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 2 points 39 minutes ago Well.. the schools would fail or have to stop adding overpriced buildings. permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 2 points 39 minutes ago Well.. the schools would fail or have to stop adding overpriced buildings. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 2 points 4 hours ago that's not going to happen..that is political suicide. better to force them all to pay 100k renewal fee and force all of them to expire/reapply within the next year. at least give the jeets time to sell and get out... permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 4 points 4 hours ago It should make it completely cost prohibitive to ever hire one over any American permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 4 hours ago 1000% agree. When did we ever start prioritizing foreigners who send their money to another country over AMERICANS who bleed RED WHITE and BLUE permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 3 points 4 hours ago If you think about it, this is much like an occupation. When Spain conquered Latin America, all the gold went to Spain. Under this new version of whatever we want to call it, US dollars are being sent across the globe. Either through wages of foreigners, or welfare benefits including welfare fraud. permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years 4 points 4 hours ago If I hire an Indian for $86,000 instead of an American for $120,000 in 3 years that $100,000 H1B1 fee pays for itself. What incentive is there to hire Americans? permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago uh we don't smell like shit all day every day? we don't do interview fraud and try to scam everyone? we eat american food and make good friends if you are ever stuck in a jam.  An american will spend 2-3% of his salary entertaining his coworkers, inviting them over for dinner, etc. The indian will send 90% of their gross back to india. make that $100k fee annual permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 4 hours ago Dude, I run a business.
I don’t give a fuck what my employees eat, smell like, who they invite to dinner or what they spend their paychecks on. I care about numbers. If someone does the same job for less, they win. That’s capitalism. You think friendship and barbecue offset a $34k pay gap? Get real. Loyalty doesn’t pay payroll. Efficiency does. So again what incentive is their to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... General_Grievance 1 points 43 minutes ago It's not an annual renewal fee though, it's one time. If I'm not mistaken, the visa period is Max 5 years, so 20k annually, which does nothing but generate a little more income for the government without changing the incentive structure for corporations. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 4 points 4 hours ago It should make it completely cost prohibitive to ever hire one over any American permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 4 hours ago 1000% agree. When did we ever start prioritizing foreigners who send their money to another country over AMERICANS who bleed RED WHITE and BLUE permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 3 points 4 hours ago If you think about it, this is much like an occupation. When Spain conquered Latin America, all the gold went to Spain. Under this new version of whatever we want to call it, US dollars are being sent across the globe. Either through wages of foreigners, or welfare benefits including welfare fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 5 points 4 hours ago 1000% agree. When did we ever start prioritizing foreigners who send their money to another country over AMERICANS who bleed RED WHITE and BLUE permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 3 points 4 hours ago If you think about it, this is much like an occupation. When Spain conquered Latin America, all the gold went to Spain. Under this new version of whatever we want to call it, US dollars are being sent across the globe. Either through wages of foreigners, or welfare benefits including welfare fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
MoldyLocksNesMonste 3 points 4 hours ago If you think about it, this is much like an occupation. When Spain conquered Latin America, all the gold went to Spain. Under this new version of whatever we want to call it, US dollars are being sent across the globe. Either through wages of foreigners, or welfare benefits including welfare fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
It_takes_10_years 4 points 4 hours ago If I hire an Indian for $86,000 instead of an American for $120,000 in 3 years that $100,000 H1B1 fee pays for itself. What incentive is there to hire Americans? permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago uh we don't smell like shit all day every day? we don't do interview fraud and try to scam everyone? we eat american food and make good friends if you are ever stuck in a jam.  An american will spend 2-3% of his salary entertaining his coworkers, inviting them over for dinner, etc. The indian will send 90% of their gross back to india. make that $100k fee annual permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 4 hours ago Dude, I run a business.
I don’t give a fuck what my employees eat, smell like, who they invite to dinner or what they spend their paychecks on. I care about numbers. If someone does the same job for less, they win. That’s capitalism. You think friendship and barbecue offset a $34k pay gap? Get real. Loyalty doesn’t pay payroll. Efficiency does. So again what incentive is their to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago uh we don't smell like shit all day every day? we don't do interview fraud and try to scam everyone? we eat american food and make good friends if you are ever stuck in a jam.  An american will spend 2-3% of his salary entertaining his coworkers, inviting them over for dinner, etc. The indian will send 90% of their gross back to india. make that $100k fee annual permalink parent award report block reply It_takes_10_years -1 points 4 hours ago Dude, I run a business.
I don’t give a fuck what my employees eat, smell like, who they invite to dinner or what they spend their paychecks on. I care about numbers. If someone does the same job for less, they win. That’s capitalism. You think friendship and barbecue offset a $34k pay gap? Get real. Loyalty doesn’t pay payroll. Efficiency does. So again what incentive is their to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
It_takes_10_years -1 points 4 hours ago Dude, I run a business.
I don’t give a fuck what my employees eat, smell like, who they invite to dinner or what they spend their paychecks on. I care about numbers. If someone does the same job for less, they win. That’s capitalism. You think friendship and barbecue offset a $34k pay gap? Get real. Loyalty doesn’t pay payroll. Efficiency does. So again what incentive is their to hire an American? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
General_Grievance 1 points 43 minutes ago It's not an annual renewal fee though, it's one time. If I'm not mistaken, the visa period is Max 5 years, so 20k annually, which does nothing but generate a little more income for the government without changing the incentive structure for corporations. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_Centurion 10 points 5 hours ago Bunch of soyboi comments not saying how OP is wrong, but instead, schitzo posting about how a random post on a dinky website with no real world reach anymore is the subject of a conspiracy to split the entire Trump base. The absolute state of the dom. permalink award report block reply
cosmos411 9 points 4 hours ago Being in IT I worked with many H1-B streetshitters. Every single one had the company apply (as quickly as possible) for a green card and I never heard of one being denied. The H1-B is FAR from temporary. permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 5 points 3 hours ago Things have moved quickly from "I voted for this!" to "What the fuck is this?" permalink award report block reply
mty_green_go 3 points 4 hours ago i miss OG Trump.  if only cuck ryan wasnt the spit polisher of the house we could have had good things done permalink award report block reply
Orlando_Doom 3 points 5 hours ago "first" If it's not "only" then the system can still be abused. Under the current system, pajeet hiring managers post the job first on American boards as legally required. Entry level pay, 20 years of experience and skills in xyz needed. When they can't get an applicant they offer a higher wage + travel and immigration expenses on the indian job board, only now it's ZERO experience required and free training in xyz after being hired. permalink award report block reply
General_Grievance 2 points 47 minutes ago Promises made... Promises... Made... Doomerjak.jpeg permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 4 hours ago Who is this new Trump.  This imposter is a giant faggot permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 21 minutes ago Wonder what Miller has to say about Trumps H1B 180 permalink award report block reply
cbonez416 1 points 2 hours ago Didn't he make h1b visas cost 150k per application? It use to be 1000 bucks!!!  I believe it should be ended as well but we all know Trump is to scare to actually change this counties economy!! So much potential going to waste right now!! permalink award report block reply
Dallasguy 1 points 12 minutes ago Need proof they got to him?  This is it. permalink award report block reply
happyfave -4 points 5 hours ago Yawn permalink award report block reply
Girthquakes -7 points 6 hours ago Interesting how the sea of posts above and below this one only have like 4-8 upvotes yet somehow this has 18. Definitely organic. permalink award report block reply Braineack 7 points 5 hours ago The problem with the republican party, and maga, is that we think for ourselves.  so when geotus goes out and starts saying the dumbest shit ever, like 50yr mortgages and import more h1bs, we all dont fall in line -- like the democrats would do when their latest update installs -- and criticize him. permalink parent award report block reply Girthquakes -5 points 5 hours ago Criticism is one thing. But we all know this isn't "just criticism" lets not play games here permalink parent award report block reply Braineack 3 points 4 hours ago oh no, someone found a quote and why we voted for him in 2016! permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago who cares. deport the jeets and give jobs and houses back to americans.  you might have to replace all your drywall to get rid of the curry smell, though permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard -4 points 6 hours ago 💯 operation break up MAGA in full effect permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago the people who consistently push America First policies are trying to break up MAGA k permalink parent award report block reply Girthquakes -6 points 6 hours ago It's extremely transparent and astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 6 points 5 hours ago You're just lying to yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
Braineack 7 points 5 hours ago The problem with the republican party, and maga, is that we think for ourselves.  so when geotus goes out and starts saying the dumbest shit ever, like 50yr mortgages and import more h1bs, we all dont fall in line -- like the democrats would do when their latest update installs -- and criticize him. permalink parent award report block reply Girthquakes -5 points 5 hours ago Criticism is one thing. But we all know this isn't "just criticism" lets not play games here permalink parent award report block reply Braineack 3 points 4 hours ago oh no, someone found a quote and why we voted for him in 2016! permalink parent award report block reply
Girthquakes -5 points 5 hours ago Criticism is one thing. But we all know this isn't "just criticism" lets not play games here permalink parent award report block reply Braineack 3 points 4 hours ago oh no, someone found a quote and why we voted for him in 2016! permalink parent award report block reply
Braineack 3 points 4 hours ago oh no, someone found a quote and why we voted for him in 2016! permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 4 points 4 hours ago who cares. deport the jeets and give jobs and houses back to americans.  you might have to replace all your drywall to get rid of the curry smell, though permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard -4 points 6 hours ago 💯 operation break up MAGA in full effect permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago the people who consistently push America First policies are trying to break up MAGA k permalink parent award report block reply Girthquakes -6 points 6 hours ago It's extremely transparent and astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 6 points 5 hours ago You're just lying to yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago the people who consistently push America First policies are trying to break up MAGA k permalink parent award report block reply
Girthquakes -6 points 6 hours ago It's extremely transparent and astroturfed. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 6 points 5 hours ago You're just lying to yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
YouEssAye 6 points 5 hours ago You're just lying to yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
grassshrimp -14 points 5 hours ago Oh look guys! Another organic, really, really, bash Trump post with lots of real uptoots. Even though we have virtually no factory experience in some segments, we can do it all ourselves.  Who needs real life expertise in areas where we have none. Really, OP is one of us.  LOL permalink award report block reply Orlando_Doom 7 points 5 hours ago Indians with zero experience are trained after being hired. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 5 points 5 hours ago 2016 Trump was right, how is saying that considered "anti-Trump"? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago really, really, bash my criticism is mild compared to the level of betrayal H1B represents permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 4 hours ago what are you talking about. who gives a fuck about how many upvotes. the content of the thread stands on its own merit permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 1 points 2 hours ago Even though we have virtually no factory experience in some segments, Yes we are incapable of starting again, must bring in chinks and jeets. Another organic, really, really, bash Trump post with lots of real uptoots. You write like a jeet. I still support him, I never have and never will support h1b's, it's not America first. permalink parent award report block reply
Orlando_Doom 7 points 5 hours ago Indians with zero experience are trained after being hired. permalink parent award report block reply
YouEssAye 5 points 5 hours ago 2016 Trump was right, how is saying that considered "anti-Trump"? permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 4 points 5 hours ago really, really, bash my criticism is mild compared to the level of betrayal H1B represents permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 2 points 4 hours ago what are you talking about. who gives a fuck about how many upvotes. the content of the thread stands on its own merit permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder 1 points 2 hours ago Even though we have virtually no factory experience in some segments, Yes we are incapable of starting again, must bring in chinks and jeets. Another organic, really, really, bash Trump post with lots of real uptoots. You write like a jeet. I still support him, I never have and never will support h1b's, it's not America first. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 0 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply