217 This Guy is a Rockstar!  🎸 🤘 YES posted 1 day ago by MAGASquatch 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style DogFart_ 2 points 1 day ago yes! permalink award report block reply Comanche_Moon 2 points 24 hours ago Harris county used to set up large tents with food and drinks for the illegals to gather and wait for contractors to come and pick them up to work.  I remember people complaining about the amount of money going to support and encourage all those illegals to come to Houston. permalink award report block reply RandoBudster 2 points 21 hours ago Wonder if he would pass the Senate for Blondis job permalink award report block reply MAGASquatch OP 1 points 11 hours ago I have been hearing the AG from Missouri may possibly be in line to replace Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 1 points 10 hours ago That woukd be great permalink parent award report block reply MAGASquatch OP 1 points 1 day ago GP article: TX AG Ken Paxton sues Harris County permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 18 hours ago For suing instead of arresting?!?! GTFOH! permalink award report block reply
DogFart_ 2 points 1 day ago yes! permalink award report block reply
Comanche_Moon 2 points 24 hours ago Harris county used to set up large tents with food and drinks for the illegals to gather and wait for contractors to come and pick them up to work.  I remember people complaining about the amount of money going to support and encourage all those illegals to come to Houston. permalink award report block reply
RandoBudster 2 points 21 hours ago Wonder if he would pass the Senate for Blondis job permalink award report block reply MAGASquatch OP 1 points 11 hours ago I have been hearing the AG from Missouri may possibly be in line to replace Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 1 points 10 hours ago That woukd be great permalink parent award report block reply
MAGASquatch OP 1 points 11 hours ago I have been hearing the AG from Missouri may possibly be in line to replace Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 1 points 10 hours ago That woukd be great permalink parent award report block reply
RandoBudster 1 points 10 hours ago That woukd be great permalink parent award report block reply
MAGASquatch OP 1 points 1 day ago GP article: TX AG Ken Paxton sues Harris County permalink award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 18 hours ago For suing instead of arresting?!?! GTFOH! permalink award report block reply