1400 WOW  James O’Keefe has a Democrat insider revealing on hidden camera Gavin Newsom is funneling the money donated to his Prop 50 Redistricting Election into a Presidential Campaign fund for himself

This is money laundering posted 6 days ago by kinbergfan 82 comments award share report block Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 7d WOW 🚨 James O’Keefe has a Democrat insider revealing on hidden camera Gavin Newsom is funneling the money donated to his Prop 50 Redistricting Election into a Presidential Campaign fund for himself This is money laundering
82 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Iremembermypassword 80 points 6 days ago Thank God we have a Federal Bureau tasked with Investigating such things. permalink award report block reply Lelleck 33 points 5 days ago I am confused. That bureau is for the average joe. Not the higher ups. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 5 points 5 days ago Well, the FBI can charge higher up republicans. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 5 days ago Only after spying on them extensively! permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 5 days ago No, no, no....you're wrong! They'll investigate, and after he's elected President, Congress will investigate more....and his campaign will eventually be fined a fraction of the amount they embezzled. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 18 points 5 days ago Ah yes the good old federal bureau of incompetence permalink parent award report block reply madeaprofilejustforu 9 points 5 days ago Simply nothing will be done permalink parent award report block reply Washington_Redskins 6 points 5 days ago Not to worry, Pam.Bondi will.all.over this, after Fox releases her.from their.contract.. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 5 days ago It's kinda her job permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Democrats have no consequences when they are above the law.  This is why the US is slowly being conquered by them. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 1 points 5 days ago Sorry but Kashjeet is too busy flying around with his booty call. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Femprep 37 points 6 days ago That’s alright, I’m sure Pam will take action. It’ll only be about 2 weeks or so. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 12 points 5 days ago Its on her desk. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 5 days ago Under Epstein files permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 2 points 5 days ago You’re still talking about that guy?!?! permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 25 points 5 days ago It's really just too bad nobody in any significant position is ever held accountable for anything. permalink award report block reply SDsc0rch 3 points 5 days ago @everybody: they keep doing this because you didn't hang them last time you know that right?? permalink parent award report block reply Votingnerd 19 points 6 days ago Nobody ever dared something like that before 🙄 permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 7 points 6 days ago Really. I'm sure they'll jump right on it..... permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm -11 points 5 days ago Surely Trump would never do something like that, like using campaign contributions to pay for personal legal bills. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Personal legal bills........ Are they really fucking personal legal bills when they would have never happened in the first place if he didn't choose to run for President?? that sounds more like the bills tied directly to his campaign running for president...... And nothing at all like what newsom  is doing where one campaign has absolutely nothing to do with the other permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 5 days ago There is no redemption on this plane of existence for you. Seek God. permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm 1 points 4 days ago Lol, there's no god permalink parent award report block reply HeatherSwanson 15 points 5 days ago Does it matter really? Pam Bondi and and Mike Johnson are actively stonewalling Donald. They would rather have a king Gavin presidency. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 14 points 5 days ago The GOP would far rather have Gavin than Trump or Vance. permalink parent award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 4 points 5 days ago Johnson has an effimate appearance. He looked so out of place in the airplane photo of Trump, JD, RFK, and Musk. permalink parent award report block reply homertone 3 points 5 days ago Looks like a Keebler elf.. permalink parent award report block reply Lelleck 8 points 5 days ago Bannon talked about how all of them Block Trump and just wait for three years. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 11 points 6 days ago I'm sure the Federal Elections Commission will jump right on this. /s permalink award report block reply HKFan 7 points 5 days ago Bondi nor Patel has the balls to arrest their likely presidential candidate.  Not like Garland and Wray had. Newsom coudl shoot someone and get caught smoking gun in hand and they wouldn't do it. Our side is totally fuckign cucked permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 5 points 5 days ago They were installed precisely for inaction... permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 1 points 5 days ago We are being played bigly. permalink parent award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 5 days ago I see right through all their shit.. Its why magically the government reopens tomorrow and they throw a big party and we GI back to paying gibmedats for millions of illegals and sheeboons to get their nails did permalink parent award report block reply MaBaker 5 points 5 days ago And guess what will happen now....nothing permalink award report block reply emorphia 4 points 5 days ago who cares , nothing is done about it but complaining. permalink award report block reply LongerThanTheNile 3 points 5 days ago Total nothing burger. He says Newsom CAN do that, not that he DID do that. I hate the greasy fuck as much as anyone, but there's plenty of shit to attack him on without having to make stuff up or embellish. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago O'Keefe is a publicity whore and a clown. permalink parent award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 3 points 5 days ago Can't wait to see zero consequences. Can America and Canada borrow Bukele? permalink award report block reply ElectionMeddler 2 points 5 days ago That should be enough for a warrant and possible arrest.  This is the level of war we need to maintain to win the culture battle permalink award report block reply doomerglowie2 2 points 5 days ago There are 42+ million people in this country waiting on their cut of the money laundering. (EBT) Does anyone really expect anyone to care enough to do anything about what Newsom is doing here? America is this age's Rome and has finally reached the edge before the tip of collapse from corruption and degeneracy permalink award report block reply plasticglock 2 points 5 days ago Oh wow. Anyway... I am so tired of hearing about criminal shit, and no shitty criminals get arrested. I am black pulled so bad I might steal someone's bike. permalink award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 5 days ago SO WHAT? Name one major arrest of political interest due to O'Keefe. If anything, the DOJ will just arrest O'Keefe to shut him up. permalink award report block reply Cuck-WTF 2 points 5 days ago And not a single arrest will be ma(D)e permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 5 days ago Like Sands Through The Hourglass permalink award report block reply Dev404 1 points 5 days ago Learned that trick from his aunt Pelosi. permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago only see screenshot think to myself ...."O'Keefe is still having success through Grindr?!?" permalink award report block reply Kiwipede22 1 points 5 days ago And will the republicans do anything about it….NO!!  Cos sad to say they do nothing about anything… they are useless. At least the Dems have worked out that they have to appear to be fighting for their voter base.  Republicans not so much 😠 they just want to be frightfully awfully gentlemen and we are all supposed to look up to them and faun over them. permalink award report block reply Trumpwonbidencheated 1 points 5 days ago The left is a criminal organization. permalink award report block reply Fromseatoshinningsea 1 points 5 days ago So what are the consequences? We'll ask Pam as soon as she gets off her knees at the men's club of the intelligence agencies. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 5 days ago The people that care don't matter, and the people that matter don't care. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 5 days ago Newsom seems to be all in on the fraud. permalink award report block reply SaxonRealm 1 points 5 days ago Nothing ever happens after any of these videos. permalink award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 5 days ago Why come does Okeefe continuously expose these people, but nothing happens? Wild permalink award report block reply harryparatestes 1 points 5 days ago Gavin can't cheat if he doesn't steal first. permalink award report block reply AndyCuomoIsAMobster 1 points 5 days ago Another Fitton O'Keefe BOMBSHELL!!!!!!🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 that leads to absolutely nothing. permalink award report block reply curiousorganelle 1 points 5 days ago Newsome has been laundering taxpayer monies since before "covid". We just aren't allowed to arrest white collar criminals called politicians as it would set a bad precedent of equal justice under the law. permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 1 points 5 days ago Oh wow I'm sure something will happen permalink award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 1 points 5 days ago A brave conservative politician needs to come forward and be the target of a fake, huge election scam. When the liberals are at full battle cry, state the actual Democrat who engaged in the fraud. Oops, our bad... Guess we know already, however,  no one will care  if reversed permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 1 points 5 days ago Perhaps this is how Blondi's planning on taking him down? permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 1 points 5 days ago James O'Keefe should be running the FBI. The number of revelations he's uncovered are practically beyond count. The fact that he's able to do this, but law enforcement refuses to - and also refuses to do anything about what is learned is quite illustrative of just how bad our situation is right now. permalink award report block reply TrumpTank 1 points 5 days ago Nobody cares. We've had footage like this for years. Nobody cares. They know what they are, and we don't do anything about it. Nobody cares. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 days ago Arrest when!? permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 1 points 5 days ago Bets on nothing happening? permalink award report block reply BrionK 1 points 5 days ago I'm sure the chick AG and Sand Digger will arrest the centery old crime family. Oh wait nope, it's all a fag show for wage slaves. Get back to work cunts millions of illegals are depending on your taxed time.
Wake me went the bunker busters drop on US soil. permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 5 days ago This is normal practice in EVERY grant-like process: roll yesterday$ into tomorrow$, using today to rai$e more. Accomplishing a purpose, if done at all, is just a side effect. I'm not saying this is not contemptible . I am saying this is ubiquitous . permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 1 points 5 days ago Let me know when they arrest the career criminal. permalink award report block reply BrewSwillis 1 points 5 days ago Money laundering?? That's cute that you think a politician would be punished for something as trite as money laundering. permalink award report block reply billybaldwin2 1 points 5 days ago "You can't lawsuit me for this interview. I was the victim of an undercover camera," - everyone who does a sit down interview with James or one of his people. permalink award report block reply ravonaf 1 points 5 days ago We don't have a Democrat problem. We have a crime enforcement problem. These cunts wouldn't scare me nearly so much if I had confidence they could be held accountable when they broke the law. All protected by the brainwashed masses who vote for them, the media who pushes them, the Judges who protect them, and the RINO's who turn a blind eye. All designed to ignore the fact that we are a Constitutional Republic held together by the rule of law. This is the problem with America and this is what keeps me up at night. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 5 days ago Fools donating to funds in D states... permalink award report block reply 559throw 1 points 5 days ago Too bad nobody will ever do anything about it permalink award report block reply least_counties_ever 1 points 5 days ago Wow, that's a big deal.  How long before they arrest...James O'Keefe? permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 1 points 5 days ago If it's true then he should be arrested. What are the betting odds on that happening? What was that app where you can bet on anything? permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 0 points 5 days ago 2 weeks permalink award report block reply cyber_acolyte 0 points 5 days ago Aaaand nothing will be done about it. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply NowTheyAllLose 2 points 5 days ago If this is another FagBot9000 account, then at least they picked a good username this time…. permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 80 points 6 days ago Thank God we have a Federal Bureau tasked with Investigating such things. permalink award report block reply Lelleck 33 points 5 days ago I am confused. That bureau is for the average joe. Not the higher ups. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 5 points 5 days ago Well, the FBI can charge higher up republicans. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 5 days ago Only after spying on them extensively! permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 5 days ago No, no, no....you're wrong! They'll investigate, and after he's elected President, Congress will investigate more....and his campaign will eventually be fined a fraction of the amount they embezzled. permalink parent award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 18 points 5 days ago Ah yes the good old federal bureau of incompetence permalink parent award report block reply madeaprofilejustforu 9 points 5 days ago Simply nothing will be done permalink parent award report block reply Washington_Redskins 6 points 5 days ago Not to worry, Pam.Bondi will.all.over this, after Fox releases her.from their.contract.. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 5 days ago It's kinda her job permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Democrats have no consequences when they are above the law.  This is why the US is slowly being conquered by them. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 1 points 5 days ago Sorry but Kashjeet is too busy flying around with his booty call. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
Lelleck 33 points 5 days ago I am confused. That bureau is for the average joe. Not the higher ups. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 5 points 5 days ago Well, the FBI can charge higher up republicans. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 5 days ago Only after spying on them extensively! permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 5 days ago No, no, no....you're wrong! They'll investigate, and after he's elected President, Congress will investigate more....and his campaign will eventually be fined a fraction of the amount they embezzled. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 5 points 5 days ago Well, the FBI can charge higher up republicans. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 5 days ago Only after spying on them extensively! permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 1 points 5 days ago Only after spying on them extensively! permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 5 days ago No, no, no....you're wrong! They'll investigate, and after he's elected President, Congress will investigate more....and his campaign will eventually be fined a fraction of the amount they embezzled. permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 18 points 5 days ago Ah yes the good old federal bureau of incompetence permalink parent award report block reply
madeaprofilejustforu 9 points 5 days ago Simply nothing will be done permalink parent award report block reply Washington_Redskins 6 points 5 days ago Not to worry, Pam.Bondi will.all.over this, after Fox releases her.from their.contract.. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 5 days ago It's kinda her job permalink parent award report block reply
Washington_Redskins 6 points 5 days ago Not to worry, Pam.Bondi will.all.over this, after Fox releases her.from their.contract.. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 5 days ago It's kinda her job permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 0 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 5 days ago It's kinda her job permalink parent award report block reply
EdBuck 1 points 5 days ago It's kinda her job permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Democrats have no consequences when they are above the law.  This is why the US is slowly being conquered by them. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 1 points 5 days ago Sorry but Kashjeet is too busy flying around with his booty call. permalink parent award report block reply
Femprep 37 points 6 days ago That’s alright, I’m sure Pam will take action. It’ll only be about 2 weeks or so. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 12 points 5 days ago Its on her desk. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 5 days ago Under Epstein files permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 2 points 5 days ago You’re still talking about that guy?!?! permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 12 points 5 days ago Its on her desk. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 2 points 5 days ago Under Epstein files permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 2 points 5 days ago You’re still talking about that guy?!?! permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 2 points 5 days ago Under Epstein files permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 2 points 5 days ago You’re still talking about that guy?!?! permalink parent award report block reply
BoatingAccident 2 points 5 days ago You’re still talking about that guy?!?! permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 25 points 5 days ago It's really just too bad nobody in any significant position is ever held accountable for anything. permalink award report block reply SDsc0rch 3 points 5 days ago @everybody: they keep doing this because you didn't hang them last time you know that right?? permalink parent award report block reply
SDsc0rch 3 points 5 days ago @everybody: they keep doing this because you didn't hang them last time you know that right?? permalink parent award report block reply
Votingnerd 19 points 6 days ago Nobody ever dared something like that before 🙄 permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 7 points 6 days ago Really. I'm sure they'll jump right on it..... permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm -11 points 5 days ago Surely Trump would never do something like that, like using campaign contributions to pay for personal legal bills. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Personal legal bills........ Are they really fucking personal legal bills when they would have never happened in the first place if he didn't choose to run for President?? that sounds more like the bills tied directly to his campaign running for president...... And nothing at all like what newsom  is doing where one campaign has absolutely nothing to do with the other permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 5 days ago There is no redemption on this plane of existence for you. Seek God. permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm 1 points 4 days ago Lol, there's no god permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 7 points 6 days ago Really. I'm sure they'll jump right on it..... permalink parent award report block reply
stayfckingcalm -11 points 5 days ago Surely Trump would never do something like that, like using campaign contributions to pay for personal legal bills. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Personal legal bills........ Are they really fucking personal legal bills when they would have never happened in the first place if he didn't choose to run for President?? that sounds more like the bills tied directly to his campaign running for president...... And nothing at all like what newsom  is doing where one campaign has absolutely nothing to do with the other permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 5 days ago There is no redemption on this plane of existence for you. Seek God. permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm 1 points 4 days ago Lol, there's no god permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 11 points 5 days ago Personal legal bills........ Are they really fucking personal legal bills when they would have never happened in the first place if he didn't choose to run for President?? that sounds more like the bills tied directly to his campaign running for president...... And nothing at all like what newsom  is doing where one campaign has absolutely nothing to do with the other permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 5 days ago There is no redemption on this plane of existence for you. Seek God. permalink parent award report block reply stayfckingcalm 1 points 4 days ago Lol, there's no god permalink parent award report block reply
stayfckingcalm 1 points 4 days ago Lol, there's no god permalink parent award report block reply
HeatherSwanson 15 points 5 days ago Does it matter really? Pam Bondi and and Mike Johnson are actively stonewalling Donald. They would rather have a king Gavin presidency. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 14 points 5 days ago The GOP would far rather have Gavin than Trump or Vance. permalink parent award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 4 points 5 days ago Johnson has an effimate appearance. He looked so out of place in the airplane photo of Trump, JD, RFK, and Musk. permalink parent award report block reply homertone 3 points 5 days ago Looks like a Keebler elf.. permalink parent award report block reply Lelleck 8 points 5 days ago Bannon talked about how all of them Block Trump and just wait for three years. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 14 points 5 days ago The GOP would far rather have Gavin than Trump or Vance. permalink parent award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 4 points 5 days ago Johnson has an effimate appearance. He looked so out of place in the airplane photo of Trump, JD, RFK, and Musk. permalink parent award report block reply homertone 3 points 5 days ago Looks like a Keebler elf.. permalink parent award report block reply
A_Little_White_Duck 4 points 5 days ago Johnson has an effimate appearance. He looked so out of place in the airplane photo of Trump, JD, RFK, and Musk. permalink parent award report block reply homertone 3 points 5 days ago Looks like a Keebler elf.. permalink parent award report block reply
homertone 3 points 5 days ago Looks like a Keebler elf.. permalink parent award report block reply
Lelleck 8 points 5 days ago Bannon talked about how all of them Block Trump and just wait for three years. permalink parent award report block reply
Hantif 11 points 6 days ago I'm sure the Federal Elections Commission will jump right on this. /s permalink award report block reply
HKFan 7 points 5 days ago Bondi nor Patel has the balls to arrest their likely presidential candidate.  Not like Garland and Wray had. Newsom coudl shoot someone and get caught smoking gun in hand and they wouldn't do it. Our side is totally fuckign cucked permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 5 points 5 days ago They were installed precisely for inaction... permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 1 points 5 days ago We are being played bigly. permalink parent award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 5 days ago I see right through all their shit.. Its why magically the government reopens tomorrow and they throw a big party and we GI back to paying gibmedats for millions of illegals and sheeboons to get their nails did permalink parent award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 5 points 5 days ago They were installed precisely for inaction... permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 1 points 5 days ago We are being played bigly. permalink parent award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 5 days ago I see right through all their shit.. Its why magically the government reopens tomorrow and they throw a big party and we GI back to paying gibmedats for millions of illegals and sheeboons to get their nails did permalink parent award report block reply
JDVance4President28 1 points 5 days ago We are being played bigly. permalink parent award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 5 days ago I see right through all their shit.. Its why magically the government reopens tomorrow and they throw a big party and we GI back to paying gibmedats for millions of illegals and sheeboons to get their nails did permalink parent award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 5 days ago I see right through all their shit.. Its why magically the government reopens tomorrow and they throw a big party and we GI back to paying gibmedats for millions of illegals and sheeboons to get their nails did permalink parent award report block reply
MaBaker 5 points 5 days ago And guess what will happen now....nothing permalink award report block reply
emorphia 4 points 5 days ago who cares , nothing is done about it but complaining. permalink award report block reply
LongerThanTheNile 3 points 5 days ago Total nothing burger. He says Newsom CAN do that, not that he DID do that. I hate the greasy fuck as much as anyone, but there's plenty of shit to attack him on without having to make stuff up or embellish. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago O'Keefe is a publicity whore and a clown. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago O'Keefe is a publicity whore and a clown. permalink parent award report block reply
JesusTheOnlyWay 3 points 5 days ago Can't wait to see zero consequences. Can America and Canada borrow Bukele? permalink award report block reply
ElectionMeddler 2 points 5 days ago That should be enough for a warrant and possible arrest.  This is the level of war we need to maintain to win the culture battle permalink award report block reply
doomerglowie2 2 points 5 days ago There are 42+ million people in this country waiting on their cut of the money laundering. (EBT) Does anyone really expect anyone to care enough to do anything about what Newsom is doing here? America is this age's Rome and has finally reached the edge before the tip of collapse from corruption and degeneracy permalink award report block reply
plasticglock 2 points 5 days ago Oh wow. Anyway... I am so tired of hearing about criminal shit, and no shitty criminals get arrested. I am black pulled so bad I might steal someone's bike. permalink award report block reply
JDVance4President28 2 points 5 days ago SO WHAT? Name one major arrest of political interest due to O'Keefe. If anything, the DOJ will just arrest O'Keefe to shut him up. permalink award report block reply
Cuck-WTF 2 points 5 days ago And not a single arrest will be ma(D)e permalink award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 1 points 5 days ago Like Sands Through The Hourglass permalink award report block reply
Dev404 1 points 5 days ago Learned that trick from his aunt Pelosi. permalink award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago only see screenshot think to myself ...."O'Keefe is still having success through Grindr?!?" permalink award report block reply
Kiwipede22 1 points 5 days ago And will the republicans do anything about it….NO!!  Cos sad to say they do nothing about anything… they are useless. At least the Dems have worked out that they have to appear to be fighting for their voter base.  Republicans not so much 😠 they just want to be frightfully awfully gentlemen and we are all supposed to look up to them and faun over them. permalink award report block reply
Trumpwonbidencheated 1 points 5 days ago The left is a criminal organization. permalink award report block reply
Fromseatoshinningsea 1 points 5 days ago So what are the consequences? We'll ask Pam as soon as she gets off her knees at the men's club of the intelligence agencies. permalink award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 5 days ago The people that care don't matter, and the people that matter don't care. permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 5 days ago Newsom seems to be all in on the fraud. permalink award report block reply
SaxonRealm 1 points 5 days ago Nothing ever happens after any of these videos. permalink award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 1 points 5 days ago Why come does Okeefe continuously expose these people, but nothing happens? Wild permalink award report block reply
harryparatestes 1 points 5 days ago Gavin can't cheat if he doesn't steal first. permalink award report block reply
AndyCuomoIsAMobster 1 points 5 days ago Another Fitton O'Keefe BOMBSHELL!!!!!!🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 that leads to absolutely nothing. permalink award report block reply
curiousorganelle 1 points 5 days ago Newsome has been laundering taxpayer monies since before "covid". We just aren't allowed to arrest white collar criminals called politicians as it would set a bad precedent of equal justice under the law. permalink award report block reply
MemeLawd 1 points 5 days ago Oh wow I'm sure something will happen permalink award report block reply
A_Little_White_Duck 1 points 5 days ago A brave conservative politician needs to come forward and be the target of a fake, huge election scam. When the liberals are at full battle cry, state the actual Democrat who engaged in the fraud. Oops, our bad... Guess we know already, however,  no one will care  if reversed permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 1 points 5 days ago Perhaps this is how Blondi's planning on taking him down? permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 1 points 5 days ago James O'Keefe should be running the FBI. The number of revelations he's uncovered are practically beyond count. The fact that he's able to do this, but law enforcement refuses to - and also refuses to do anything about what is learned is quite illustrative of just how bad our situation is right now. permalink award report block reply
TrumpTank 1 points 5 days ago Nobody cares. We've had footage like this for years. Nobody cares. They know what they are, and we don't do anything about it. Nobody cares. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 5 days ago Arrest when!? permalink award report block reply
TrumpYouMagaFrenner 1 points 5 days ago Bets on nothing happening? permalink award report block reply
BrionK 1 points 5 days ago I'm sure the chick AG and Sand Digger will arrest the centery old crime family. Oh wait nope, it's all a fag show for wage slaves. Get back to work cunts millions of illegals are depending on your taxed time.
Wake me went the bunker busters drop on US soil. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 5 days ago This is normal practice in EVERY grant-like process: roll yesterday$ into tomorrow$, using today to rai$e more. Accomplishing a purpose, if done at all, is just a side effect. I'm not saying this is not contemptible . I am saying this is ubiquitous . permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 1 points 5 days ago Let me know when they arrest the career criminal. permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 1 points 5 days ago Money laundering?? That's cute that you think a politician would be punished for something as trite as money laundering. permalink award report block reply
billybaldwin2 1 points 5 days ago "You can't lawsuit me for this interview. I was the victim of an undercover camera," - everyone who does a sit down interview with James or one of his people. permalink award report block reply
ravonaf 1 points 5 days ago We don't have a Democrat problem. We have a crime enforcement problem. These cunts wouldn't scare me nearly so much if I had confidence they could be held accountable when they broke the law. All protected by the brainwashed masses who vote for them, the media who pushes them, the Judges who protect them, and the RINO's who turn a blind eye. All designed to ignore the fact that we are a Constitutional Republic held together by the rule of law. This is the problem with America and this is what keeps me up at night. permalink award report block reply
The_Emperor 1 points 5 days ago Fools donating to funds in D states... permalink award report block reply
559throw 1 points 5 days ago Too bad nobody will ever do anything about it permalink award report block reply
least_counties_ever 1 points 5 days ago Wow, that's a big deal.  How long before they arrest...James O'Keefe? permalink award report block reply
RusherOfDin 1 points 5 days ago If it's true then he should be arrested. What are the betting odds on that happening? What was that app where you can bet on anything? permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 0 points 5 days ago 2 weeks permalink award report block reply
cyber_acolyte 0 points 5 days ago Aaaand nothing will be done about it. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply NowTheyAllLose 2 points 5 days ago If this is another FagBot9000 account, then at least they picked a good username this time…. permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
NowTheyAllLose 2 points 5 days ago If this is another FagBot9000 account, then at least they picked a good username this time…. permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply