251 Our corporations are SO SCREWED. posted 10 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 19 comments award share report block Mark Mitchell, Rasmussen Reports @honestpollster • 1d Fan 📨 Our corporations are SO SCREWED. How do we even fix this?
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save fskfsk 12 points 9 hours ago The second problem is that the US is no longer a free market.  If it was, all these "white males who can't find a job" would be starting new businesses and running circles around the competition.  The large corporations can afford this inefficiency because they are protected from competition, and there even are various laws demanding anti-White male discrimination.  I.e., if a corporation hires too many White males, they can get sued for "discrimination" and lose, with race and gender quotas being the only way they can prove innocence. Another hilarious bit is that a lot of the "female" programmers I worked with were actually trannies!  I guess that's one way to find a job and get around anti-White male discrimination. permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 4 points 9 hours ago How about move to a mostly white area and hire local? permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 10 points 9 hours ago An if statement is literally like...chapter 2 of "programming for dummies" level stuff. permalink award report block reply user2827 4 points 9 hours ago Which should really be If applicant.isqualified == true then giveJobOffer() permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 2 points 34 minutes ago Reality:
If(applicant.isqualified == true || applicant.hasBobs == true) then giveJobOffer(); permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 3 points 9 hours ago If she's a chick, hire her if white male, than yolo out permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 3 points 7 hours ago There is no IF statement in Pronoun++. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 7 hours ago The difference between a class and a struct is what the object identifies as. permalink parent award report block reply prisoner_of_funk 6 points 8 hours ago Colleges are no different.  If you are a white male, do even bother applying. permalink award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 5 points 8 hours ago White men are better off starting their own thing. Big corporations are retarded and gay. permalink award report block reply Meow4me2 5 points 4 hours ago The Feds were forcing the DEI stuff. We had to report % of minorities and women and had targets to increase it. Now, under Trump, that’s verboten, so companies who are still DEI besotted (HR ladies driving it) are simply hiding it. They’re still doing it, just not showing any metrics or targets. In addition, the H1Bs are turning into offshoring and setting up services teams in India and places like the Philippines. Then American employees lose their jobs, while their American colleagues who remain have to fix all the problems the offshored teams create with their mistakes. We end up having to supervise their work, put in checkpoints to review it and catch the worst ones before they snowball. And then the company brags about efficiencies they’ve achieved by hiring cheaper employees. They don’t count the inefficiencies of poor work quality. Pisses me off. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 5 points 3 hours ago I worked at a place that hired a woman who for 6 months she just surfed the internet because she couldn’t code or program, and I think instead of admitting she lied, she just kept lying and milking the check as much as possible permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 4 points 3 hours ago She will likely turn that into a promotion and will soon be managing a team of developers. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 3 hours ago Perhaps she is today. This was back in 2014 or so and she did get fired. But she probably just went somewhere else and claimed to have 6 months experience lol permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 9 hours ago Force stop DEI hiring initiatives. Reform H1B to fix pay discrepancies. Hire on merit. permalink award report block reply FudgyFudgeBots 3 points 8 hours ago Companies that dont require physical strength to do the job should not have race, age or sex on the application.  Just qualifications. Applicants should be put in a computer lab and be given a project to see who has the best outcome.  Best gets hired. permalink award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 5 hours ago Nah. Let them fuckin fail. permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 1 points 35 minutes ago Because nerds need jobs to force girls to be near them and then they can play who can simp the hardest to get their attention. permalink award report block reply Visceroth 1 points 2 hours ago This must get fixed before midterms. All work visas must be terminated by then or it will be a blowout. permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 12 points 9 hours ago The second problem is that the US is no longer a free market.  If it was, all these "white males who can't find a job" would be starting new businesses and running circles around the competition.  The large corporations can afford this inefficiency because they are protected from competition, and there even are various laws demanding anti-White male discrimination.  I.e., if a corporation hires too many White males, they can get sued for "discrimination" and lose, with race and gender quotas being the only way they can prove innocence. Another hilarious bit is that a lot of the "female" programmers I worked with were actually trannies!  I guess that's one way to find a job and get around anti-White male discrimination. permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 4 points 9 hours ago How about move to a mostly white area and hire local? permalink parent award report block reply
freedom-thinker 4 points 9 hours ago How about move to a mostly white area and hire local? permalink parent award report block reply
mykillk 10 points 9 hours ago An if statement is literally like...chapter 2 of "programming for dummies" level stuff. permalink award report block reply user2827 4 points 9 hours ago Which should really be If applicant.isqualified == true then giveJobOffer() permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 2 points 34 minutes ago Reality:
If(applicant.isqualified == true || applicant.hasBobs == true) then giveJobOffer(); permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 3 points 9 hours ago If she's a chick, hire her if white male, than yolo out permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 3 points 7 hours ago There is no IF statement in Pronoun++. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 7 hours ago The difference between a class and a struct is what the object identifies as. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 4 points 9 hours ago Which should really be If applicant.isqualified == true then giveJobOffer() permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 2 points 34 minutes ago Reality:
If(applicant.isqualified == true || applicant.hasBobs == true) then giveJobOffer(); permalink parent award report block reply
throwaway777b 2 points 34 minutes ago Reality:
If(applicant.isqualified == true || applicant.hasBobs == true) then giveJobOffer(); permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriotParrot OP 3 points 9 hours ago If she's a chick, hire her if white male, than yolo out permalink parent award report block reply
raptormissle 3 points 7 hours ago There is no IF statement in Pronoun++. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 7 hours ago The difference between a class and a struct is what the object identifies as. permalink parent award report block reply
mykillk 4 points 7 hours ago The difference between a class and a struct is what the object identifies as. permalink parent award report block reply
prisoner_of_funk 6 points 8 hours ago Colleges are no different.  If you are a white male, do even bother applying. permalink award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD 5 points 8 hours ago White men are better off starting their own thing. Big corporations are retarded and gay. permalink award report block reply
Meow4me2 5 points 4 hours ago The Feds were forcing the DEI stuff. We had to report % of minorities and women and had targets to increase it. Now, under Trump, that’s verboten, so companies who are still DEI besotted (HR ladies driving it) are simply hiding it. They’re still doing it, just not showing any metrics or targets. In addition, the H1Bs are turning into offshoring and setting up services teams in India and places like the Philippines. Then American employees lose their jobs, while their American colleagues who remain have to fix all the problems the offshored teams create with their mistakes. We end up having to supervise their work, put in checkpoints to review it and catch the worst ones before they snowball. And then the company brags about efficiencies they’ve achieved by hiring cheaper employees. They don’t count the inefficiencies of poor work quality. Pisses me off. permalink award report block reply
lifeisahologram 5 points 3 hours ago I worked at a place that hired a woman who for 6 months she just surfed the internet because she couldn’t code or program, and I think instead of admitting she lied, she just kept lying and milking the check as much as possible permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 4 points 3 hours ago She will likely turn that into a promotion and will soon be managing a team of developers. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 3 hours ago Perhaps she is today. This was back in 2014 or so and she did get fired. But she probably just went somewhere else and claimed to have 6 months experience lol permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 4 points 3 hours ago She will likely turn that into a promotion and will soon be managing a team of developers. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 3 hours ago Perhaps she is today. This was back in 2014 or so and she did get fired. But she probably just went somewhere else and claimed to have 6 months experience lol permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 2 points 3 hours ago Perhaps she is today. This was back in 2014 or so and she did get fired. But she probably just went somewhere else and claimed to have 6 months experience lol permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 3 points 9 hours ago Force stop DEI hiring initiatives. Reform H1B to fix pay discrepancies. Hire on merit. permalink award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 3 points 8 hours ago Companies that dont require physical strength to do the job should not have race, age or sex on the application.  Just qualifications. Applicants should be put in a computer lab and be given a project to see who has the best outcome.  Best gets hired. permalink award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 5 hours ago Nah. Let them fuckin fail. permalink parent award report block reply
AngeredKabar 3 points 5 hours ago Nah. Let them fuckin fail. permalink parent award report block reply
throwaway777b 1 points 35 minutes ago Because nerds need jobs to force girls to be near them and then they can play who can simp the hardest to get their attention. permalink award report block reply
Visceroth 1 points 2 hours ago This must get fixed before midterms. All work visas must be terminated by then or it will be a blowout. permalink award report block reply