1165 Another reason to say fuck Canada, 200% tariffs now. posted 5 days ago by footinmouth 45 comments award share report block Matt Maddock @matthewmaddock • 6d Another scam. Michigan commercial fishers can’t catch Walleye but Canadians catch 14 million pounds of it and sell it back to us at $8 lb. Gets worse. Michigan Taxpayers pay 1.5 million to restock Walleye in our lakes so only Canada can catch them. @MichiganDNR
45 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save newestofnew 79 points 5 days ago wait til you find out about lobsters and tuna fish in the gulf of Maine permalink award report block reply footinmouth OP 42 points 5 days ago Day of the Rake. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 35 points 5 days ago Didn't know what this meant, so I looked it up. Wasn't disappointed. Lol. "Day of the Rake Future annexation of Canada by America. It comes from the fact that canada's national flag is of a fucking leaf." -Urban Dictionary permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 13 points 5 days ago We just need to annex their oil fields, Alberta wants out anyway. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago It's also a reference to the Day of the Rope from the novel The Turner Diaries, where race traitors were rounded up and hanged. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 5 days ago based & redpilled permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago That's fucking hilarious XD permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 6 points 5 days ago As a Canadian I find the "elbows up" pants shitting of Canadian liberals, about potential annexation, to be hilarious given that 1) Canada is effectively still a colony of the UK given that the wife killer and alleged pedo-sadist[1] Charles still has "reserve power" that allows him to dissolve any government and 2) the aim of corporate globalists, like the WEF proxy currently running Canada, is to subsume Canada into a North American Union. [1] https://kundaliniandcelltowers.com/Beyond%20the%20Dutroux%20Affair%20-%20The%20Reality%20of%20Protected%20Child%20Abuse%20and%20Snuff%20Networks.pdf permalink parent award report block reply user2827 2 points 5 days ago The only catch with the NAU is that the original plan ALSO involved folding in Mexico. permalink parent award report block reply BillGateCanSuckIt 8 points 5 days ago I haven't found out yet, what's up with them? permalink parent award report block reply toobaditworks 8 points 5 days ago Tell us about it. permalink parent award report block reply snuggs316 41 points 5 days ago and yesterday they killed a slew of healthy ostriches that had recovered from "bird flu."  so much for herd immunity and "following the science." permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 31 points 5 days ago I'm starting to find out Canada is like a bad neighbor in Minnesota: friendly on the surface, but will screw you at any opportunity. permalink award report block reply Hugs 34 points 5 days ago Canada isn't friendly on the surface. We're a judgmental, holier-than-thou tyrannical faggotfest. permalink parent award report block reply AndyCuomoIsAMobster 3 points 5 days ago Get this a lot in the South too. Backhanded hospitality bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 28 points 5 days ago Just stop trading with them altogether. Drink good Pennsylvania rye instead of Canadian. Or bourbon. No American should be paying for anything called "Crown Royal" anyway. permalink award report block reply GTHAYS 10 points 5 days ago Saw something a few weeks ago where "Crown" is moving South of their current border.  Fat fukin FORD is pissed. permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago Canadian whisky is the world's worst anyway. Seriously. Even Japanese whisky absolutely obliterates it. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 5 days ago Old Overholt enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 23 points 5 days ago OH FKING HELL!!!  MI is retarded as fk!! permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 14 points 5 days ago You mean any and all government programs. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefeandcream 1 points 5 days ago its has alot of blue reps, not a stretch lol permalink parent award report block reply MAGAHANS 19 points 5 days ago AS A MICHIGANDER I WILL MURDER DNR ASKING FOR LOICENSE AT THIS POINT. I WILL NOT BE A CONQUERED SUBJECT permalink award report block reply IPMang 14 points 5 days ago Reminds me of the "you need a license to fish, why don't you need a license to own a gun..." and the politician says "yeah, we should look into needing a license to fish" I mean they're shared lakes. Sounds like the US should allow commercial fishing there. Case closed. permalink award report block reply nmipede 14 points 5 days ago https://medium.com/michigan-news/michigan-house-passes-bill-damaging-to-commercial-fishing-faceoff-coming-in-senate-73e088674af0 That piece of shit coward Jack O'Malley cosponsored the House bills. Not just walleye. Perch and lake trout too. “There are not game fish versus commercial fish — there are fish. All these bills do is eliminate commercial fishing,” Petersen said. “If you want to buy Michigan-caught fish, you can’t unless you want whitefish. If you want any other fish, buy a pole and go catch it yourself.” permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 10 points 5 days ago That's basically the EU as well. UK fisherman couldn't even fish off their own waters while foreigners were fishing there instead and selling it back to the EU markets. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 4 points 5 days ago I remember that.  I was kinda shocked by that. permalink parent award report block reply PhantomShield72 7 points 5 days ago So many people with hands in our pockets it's hard to keep up... permalink award report block reply TrumpIsTheVictor 6 points 5 days ago Why hasn't Canada been conquered? It is easy prey. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 6 points 5 days ago Have you seen their top general? https://patriots.win/p/1ARJvkWdZR/this-is-canadas-top-military-gen/c permalink parent award report block reply Pelosi_Halitosis 5 points 5 days ago Eh, I've caught a lot of walleye. Lake Erie, Lake of the Woods, Lake Winnebago, Leach Lake, and many lesser known lakes. I didn't think they commercially fish them with nets, etc. However, I think the Canadians farm commercial walleye for export. permalink award report block reply Amway 3 points 5 days ago Don't blame the world for the stupid decisions of our 'bone headed politicians'. permalink award report block reply learntocode 3 points 5 days ago Globohomo has enslaved us. We need to kick the British financial system off this continent. permalink award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 3 points 5 days ago Get Greenland first, then squeeze. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 1 points 5 days ago Our base(s) there mean we de facto own it but our operations are not self sufficient. But Alberta ... now that is a prize. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 2 points 5 days ago Just thank the commie faggots that run Michigan. permalink award report block reply UltraMagaWA 2 points 5 days ago Time bomb fishing boats from enemies up north permalink award report block reply 1776Widowmaker 2 points 5 days ago Michiganistan. permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 2 points 5 days ago This is a good example of regulatory capture at work guaranteed permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 2 points 5 days ago The oh so corrupt, DNR! permalink award report block reply MAGA-2028 2 points 5 days ago SCOTUS is preparing to rape Trump in the ass over tariffs. Just listen to the arguments those pedos are making and it’s obvious. permalink award report block reply Trajano 2 points 5 days ago Why are we restocking the lakes? permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Commercial fishing vs recreational? permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 1 points 5 days ago Fuck this noise. Turn off the electric fences and let the Asian carp take over the lakes. We already know it's inevitable. permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 2 points 5 days ago Fuck that.  Walleye are good eats. permalink parent award report block reply FreeLemons 1 points 5 days ago I can't say for sure but most of the carte blanch fishing practices that go on have something to do with the natives,  in my experience. At least in Alberta the only people allowed to fish with nets are the natives.  Also anyone who isn't native has pretty strict lobster rules out east.  Its an ongoing thing where the government continually supports every kind of insult they can fling at us.  They have even started "claiming" land which is fomenting all sorts of chaos because the courts are full of useless pansies that give way at every little push. permalink award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 9 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
newestofnew 79 points 5 days ago wait til you find out about lobsters and tuna fish in the gulf of Maine permalink award report block reply footinmouth OP 42 points 5 days ago Day of the Rake. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 35 points 5 days ago Didn't know what this meant, so I looked it up. Wasn't disappointed. Lol. "Day of the Rake Future annexation of Canada by America. It comes from the fact that canada's national flag is of a fucking leaf." -Urban Dictionary permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 13 points 5 days ago We just need to annex their oil fields, Alberta wants out anyway. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago It's also a reference to the Day of the Rope from the novel The Turner Diaries, where race traitors were rounded up and hanged. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 5 days ago based & redpilled permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago That's fucking hilarious XD permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 6 points 5 days ago As a Canadian I find the "elbows up" pants shitting of Canadian liberals, about potential annexation, to be hilarious given that 1) Canada is effectively still a colony of the UK given that the wife killer and alleged pedo-sadist[1] Charles still has "reserve power" that allows him to dissolve any government and 2) the aim of corporate globalists, like the WEF proxy currently running Canada, is to subsume Canada into a North American Union. [1] https://kundaliniandcelltowers.com/Beyond%20the%20Dutroux%20Affair%20-%20The%20Reality%20of%20Protected%20Child%20Abuse%20and%20Snuff%20Networks.pdf permalink parent award report block reply user2827 2 points 5 days ago The only catch with the NAU is that the original plan ALSO involved folding in Mexico. permalink parent award report block reply BillGateCanSuckIt 8 points 5 days ago I haven't found out yet, what's up with them? permalink parent award report block reply toobaditworks 8 points 5 days ago Tell us about it. permalink parent award report block reply
footinmouth OP 42 points 5 days ago Day of the Rake. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 35 points 5 days ago Didn't know what this meant, so I looked it up. Wasn't disappointed. Lol. "Day of the Rake Future annexation of Canada by America. It comes from the fact that canada's national flag is of a fucking leaf." -Urban Dictionary permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 13 points 5 days ago We just need to annex their oil fields, Alberta wants out anyway. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago It's also a reference to the Day of the Rope from the novel The Turner Diaries, where race traitors were rounded up and hanged. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 5 days ago based & redpilled permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago That's fucking hilarious XD permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 6 points 5 days ago As a Canadian I find the "elbows up" pants shitting of Canadian liberals, about potential annexation, to be hilarious given that 1) Canada is effectively still a colony of the UK given that the wife killer and alleged pedo-sadist[1] Charles still has "reserve power" that allows him to dissolve any government and 2) the aim of corporate globalists, like the WEF proxy currently running Canada, is to subsume Canada into a North American Union. [1] https://kundaliniandcelltowers.com/Beyond%20the%20Dutroux%20Affair%20-%20The%20Reality%20of%20Protected%20Child%20Abuse%20and%20Snuff%20Networks.pdf permalink parent award report block reply user2827 2 points 5 days ago The only catch with the NAU is that the original plan ALSO involved folding in Mexico. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 35 points 5 days ago Didn't know what this meant, so I looked it up. Wasn't disappointed. Lol. "Day of the Rake Future annexation of Canada by America. It comes from the fact that canada's national flag is of a fucking leaf." -Urban Dictionary permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 13 points 5 days ago We just need to annex their oil fields, Alberta wants out anyway. permalink parent award report block reply AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago It's also a reference to the Day of the Rope from the novel The Turner Diaries, where race traitors were rounded up and hanged. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 5 days ago based & redpilled permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago That's fucking hilarious XD permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 13 points 5 days ago We just need to annex their oil fields, Alberta wants out anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
AgnosticTemplar 4 points 5 days ago It's also a reference to the Day of the Rope from the novel The Turner Diaries, where race traitors were rounded up and hanged. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 5 days ago based & redpilled permalink parent award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 5 days ago based & redpilled permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago That's fucking hilarious XD permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 6 points 5 days ago As a Canadian I find the "elbows up" pants shitting of Canadian liberals, about potential annexation, to be hilarious given that 1) Canada is effectively still a colony of the UK given that the wife killer and alleged pedo-sadist[1] Charles still has "reserve power" that allows him to dissolve any government and 2) the aim of corporate globalists, like the WEF proxy currently running Canada, is to subsume Canada into a North American Union. [1] https://kundaliniandcelltowers.com/Beyond%20the%20Dutroux%20Affair%20-%20The%20Reality%20of%20Protected%20Child%20Abuse%20and%20Snuff%20Networks.pdf permalink parent award report block reply user2827 2 points 5 days ago The only catch with the NAU is that the original plan ALSO involved folding in Mexico. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 2 points 5 days ago The only catch with the NAU is that the original plan ALSO involved folding in Mexico. permalink parent award report block reply
BillGateCanSuckIt 8 points 5 days ago I haven't found out yet, what's up with them? permalink parent award report block reply
toobaditworks 8 points 5 days ago Tell us about it. permalink parent award report block reply
snuggs316 41 points 5 days ago and yesterday they killed a slew of healthy ostriches that had recovered from "bird flu."  so much for herd immunity and "following the science." permalink award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 31 points 5 days ago I'm starting to find out Canada is like a bad neighbor in Minnesota: friendly on the surface, but will screw you at any opportunity. permalink award report block reply Hugs 34 points 5 days ago Canada isn't friendly on the surface. We're a judgmental, holier-than-thou tyrannical faggotfest. permalink parent award report block reply AndyCuomoIsAMobster 3 points 5 days ago Get this a lot in the South too. Backhanded hospitality bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
Hugs 34 points 5 days ago Canada isn't friendly on the surface. We're a judgmental, holier-than-thou tyrannical faggotfest. permalink parent award report block reply
AndyCuomoIsAMobster 3 points 5 days ago Get this a lot in the South too. Backhanded hospitality bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 28 points 5 days ago Just stop trading with them altogether. Drink good Pennsylvania rye instead of Canadian. Or bourbon. No American should be paying for anything called "Crown Royal" anyway. permalink award report block reply GTHAYS 10 points 5 days ago Saw something a few weeks ago where "Crown" is moving South of their current border.  Fat fukin FORD is pissed. permalink parent award report block reply freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago Canadian whisky is the world's worst anyway. Seriously. Even Japanese whisky absolutely obliterates it. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 5 days ago Old Overholt enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
GTHAYS 10 points 5 days ago Saw something a few weeks ago where "Crown" is moving South of their current border.  Fat fukin FORD is pissed. permalink parent award report block reply
freebirdie 3 points 5 days ago Canadian whisky is the world's worst anyway. Seriously. Even Japanese whisky absolutely obliterates it. permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 2 points 5 days ago Old Overholt enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic 23 points 5 days ago OH FKING HELL!!!  MI is retarded as fk!! permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 14 points 5 days ago You mean any and all government programs. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefeandcream 1 points 5 days ago its has alot of blue reps, not a stretch lol permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 14 points 5 days ago You mean any and all government programs. permalink parent award report block reply
Covfefeandcream 1 points 5 days ago its has alot of blue reps, not a stretch lol permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAHANS 19 points 5 days ago AS A MICHIGANDER I WILL MURDER DNR ASKING FOR LOICENSE AT THIS POINT. I WILL NOT BE A CONQUERED SUBJECT permalink award report block reply
IPMang 14 points 5 days ago Reminds me of the "you need a license to fish, why don't you need a license to own a gun..." and the politician says "yeah, we should look into needing a license to fish" I mean they're shared lakes. Sounds like the US should allow commercial fishing there. Case closed. permalink award report block reply
nmipede 14 points 5 days ago https://medium.com/michigan-news/michigan-house-passes-bill-damaging-to-commercial-fishing-faceoff-coming-in-senate-73e088674af0 That piece of shit coward Jack O'Malley cosponsored the House bills. Not just walleye. Perch and lake trout too. “There are not game fish versus commercial fish — there are fish. All these bills do is eliminate commercial fishing,” Petersen said. “If you want to buy Michigan-caught fish, you can’t unless you want whitefish. If you want any other fish, buy a pole and go catch it yourself.” permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 10 points 5 days ago That's basically the EU as well. UK fisherman couldn't even fish off their own waters while foreigners were fishing there instead and selling it back to the EU markets. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 4 points 5 days ago I remember that.  I was kinda shocked by that. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 4 points 5 days ago I remember that.  I was kinda shocked by that. permalink parent award report block reply
PhantomShield72 7 points 5 days ago So many people with hands in our pockets it's hard to keep up... permalink award report block reply
TrumpIsTheVictor 6 points 5 days ago Why hasn't Canada been conquered? It is easy prey. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 6 points 5 days ago Have you seen their top general? https://patriots.win/p/1ARJvkWdZR/this-is-canadas-top-military-gen/c permalink parent award report block reply
utfanx2 6 points 5 days ago Have you seen their top general? https://patriots.win/p/1ARJvkWdZR/this-is-canadas-top-military-gen/c permalink parent award report block reply
Pelosi_Halitosis 5 points 5 days ago Eh, I've caught a lot of walleye. Lake Erie, Lake of the Woods, Lake Winnebago, Leach Lake, and many lesser known lakes. I didn't think they commercially fish them with nets, etc. However, I think the Canadians farm commercial walleye for export. permalink award report block reply
Amway 3 points 5 days ago Don't blame the world for the stupid decisions of our 'bone headed politicians'. permalink award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 5 days ago Globohomo has enslaved us. We need to kick the British financial system off this continent. permalink award report block reply A_Little_White_Duck 3 points 5 days ago Get Greenland first, then squeeze. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 1 points 5 days ago Our base(s) there mean we de facto own it but our operations are not self sufficient. But Alberta ... now that is a prize. permalink parent award report block reply
A_Little_White_Duck 3 points 5 days ago Get Greenland first, then squeeze. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 1 points 5 days ago Our base(s) there mean we de facto own it but our operations are not self sufficient. But Alberta ... now that is a prize. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 5 days ago Our base(s) there mean we de facto own it but our operations are not self sufficient. But Alberta ... now that is a prize. permalink parent award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 2 points 5 days ago Just thank the commie faggots that run Michigan. permalink award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 2 points 5 days ago Time bomb fishing boats from enemies up north permalink award report block reply
1776Widowmaker 2 points 5 days ago Michiganistan. permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 2 points 5 days ago This is a good example of regulatory capture at work guaranteed permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 2 points 5 days ago The oh so corrupt, DNR! permalink award report block reply
MAGA-2028 2 points 5 days ago SCOTUS is preparing to rape Trump in the ass over tariffs. Just listen to the arguments those pedos are making and it’s obvious. permalink award report block reply
Trajano 2 points 5 days ago Why are we restocking the lakes? permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 5 days ago Commercial fishing vs recreational? permalink award report block reply
RusherOfDin 1 points 5 days ago Fuck this noise. Turn off the electric fences and let the Asian carp take over the lakes. We already know it's inevitable. permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 2 points 5 days ago Fuck that.  Walleye are good eats. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpVoter1 2 points 5 days ago Fuck that.  Walleye are good eats. permalink parent award report block reply
FreeLemons 1 points 5 days ago I can't say for sure but most of the carte blanch fishing practices that go on have something to do with the natives,  in my experience. At least in Alberta the only people allowed to fish with nets are the natives.  Also anyone who isn't native has pretty strict lobster rules out east.  Its an ongoing thing where the government continually supports every kind of insult they can fling at us.  They have even started "claiming" land which is fomenting all sorts of chaos because the courts are full of useless pansies that give way at every little push. permalink award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 9 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply