300 Cows are reportedly collapsing and dying in Denmark after having had their diets switched to Bill Gates’s poison “Bovar” genetic reengineering feed designed to reduce methane production. This is being given to cows in America too. Where is our fucking protection from this maniac? (dailycallernewsfoundation.org) posted 6 days ago by flp999 19 comments award share report block dailycallernewsfoundation.org
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save flp999 OP 8 points 6 days ago This is the one piece that concerns me. I for one do not believe that we are no longer under attack from the Agenda. I believe that we very much are. I think even us pure bloods are being poisoned in many different ways such that at the end of the day it might not much matter in practical terms that we avoided the shot. So that’s pretty upsetting. Because with the power of Trump’s platform, if he just spoke the truth about what’s been going on it would pretty much end the whole thing the next day. But he’s not. I hope he’s able and/or willing to before it’s too late for everyone. For right now, we don’t need complex legislation and investigations that would take decades to complete. We just need that one person with the most powerful voice to simply speak the truth. I think a very large percentage of people would recognize it as being the truth when he said it, probably even a lot of people that think they’re Trump haters. I don’t think the gradualist approach is going to get us anywhere. I really don’t think we have enough time. permalink award report block reply justicein2020 5 points 6 days ago oh it's fine, i'll just go off the grid! live off the land! and the rabbits are growing tentacles, the deer are full of prions and cwd, and the fish are full of heavy metals. And all our food now contains sunflower oil. seen that lately? It's now in everything because it got so (cheap). permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 3 points 6 days ago He's at the white house, dining with Trump. permalink parent award report block reply flp999 OP 5 points 6 days ago I know. And I get that there’s some plan afoot, and I believe that it’s true. But again, do we have the time? They’re putting “bioengineered” material in the food now. This is completely not on the radar. I haven’t seen a single story about this in the alternative media. So many things are being normalized and it’s already too late. Remember when the lockdowns were ending and Bill Gates was all pissed and said, “it’s fine, we’ll just put it in their food?” It contains detectable amounts of “genetic material that has been modified through rDNA.” How is this ok after all that we’ve seen? https://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/be/faq/general permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 6 days ago If American cattle are being given this and aren't "collapsing and dying", then it's something else that's causing Danish cattle to (reportedly) be "collapsing and dying".  Possibly deliberate poisoning of the product in an attempt to stop the government from requiing it be added to feed.  Or possibly some completely unrelated factor. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago What did the 60 million bison eat? permalink parent award report block reply bratt 2 points 6 days ago You are correct. this could be farmer activists sacrificing a few cows for the greater good, knowing how dangerous non farting cows might ultimately be. But it might be explained by different breeds, different genetics. Covid affected people in many different ways. Same with drugs, they need to have trials for years if not decades, so the symptoms for one bad combination is discovered. This is the number one reason I am a pure blood. I said WAIT! What happened to the years of trials and testing for a totally new type of vaccine, for a novel new disease, Now we are going to force billions of people to take it. The risk could make Thalidomide seem like baby aspirin. I think it still may be. The fall out just was not immediate. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago The original article added the facts that the cows recovered when taken off the feed but started getting ill again when back on it. They don't need it so they should not be fed it. This type of  unnecessary interfering is what causes the food chain to be in the cancer inducing state that it is. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 5 days ago I'm not supporting the idea of this feed additive being pushed by government or made mandatory.  Just pointing out that a new report from a few farmers in just one small country is not indicative of the Bovaer feed itself being responsible for the ill effects seen in these cattle.  This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year.  Testing on cattle began in 2010. Denmark just started making use of the additive mandatory this fall, and it's entirely possible that somebody decided to protest that move by contaminating some batches of the product in a way that would drive farmer and public opinion against it.  Some farmers are using it voluntarily because there's some preliminary evidence that it may provide some increase in feed efficiency (same amount of feed producing more weight gain or milk production when Bovaer is added), thus increasing profit margins.  Also probably being used voluntarily by some farmers catering to special markets in which claiming to use this "climate conscious" additive boosts sales among Greta Thunberg fans. There's absolutely no evidence that it ends up in milk or meat, or causes any negative health effects in humans.  But government mandates to use a specific product often result in a windfall to the manufacturer (usually with kickbacks to politicians), and added expense to those mandated to use it and/or to their customers, with no actual benefit at all.  If this product has any actual benefit, no mandate will be needed to get many farmers to start buying and using it. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago My view is that additives to stop cow farts are the ludicrous heights of the climate scam. As such it should be viewed with extreme caution, on the grounds that we are dealing with liars of a global scale. This looks copied from my recent response in a previous post. "This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year". permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BaronFalcon 1 points 5 days ago It's all the chemicals and sugar in the food supply.
Excitotoxins and sugar are poisoning us daily. Alzheimer's is now being listed as type 3 diabetes. Sugar addiction is the same as cocaine addiction, shrinks the brain the same and causes non alcoholic fatty liver disease. Glutamates, cysteine, aspartate  and casein are literally killing neurons and causing Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, and are puberty blockers. Glutamate is hidden in about 10 different names on labels, usually "natural flavoring", or hidden in the amino acid profile. This isn't even touching on the industrial farming chemicals like glyphosates etc. If you didn't grow or raise it using organic methods and feed (beware straw bedding going in to your gardens, it's impossible to find organic straw) it's probably suspect. Organic products are being tested and found to have glyphosates. FDA organic procedures have loopholes. Grow and raise your own food, it's the only truly safe way. permalink parent award report block reply bluedevilga 7 points 6 days ago What we need to remember is that the purpose is to genetically modify the cow, is to genetically modify us. Department of agricultural still has a war on beef permalink award report block reply impera 4 points 6 days ago In the last week or so the 'climate change' scam seems like it has been shelved by its proponents, since the same people who were whining are also the people who own AI datacentres and the huge energy demand these have. Since you know, there is now apparently more $ to be made by ignoring climate than there was previously trying to scam money for green tech nonsense. That being the case, why are ANY of these poisons in the food of any animal any longer? If it was mandated, let the mandate be cancelled, and the poisoners who demanded this all face charges relating to the malicious poisoning of the cattle. permalink parent award report block reply justicein2020 4 points 6 days ago anyone who says 'climate change' you can scream at them about ukraine and russia. if refinerys are valid targets. climate change isn't that serious. either it's bad to burn all this shit. or not. they can't have it both ways. and everyones cheering setting fire to russian stuff... permalink parent award report block reply Tim_Berframer 3 points 6 days ago There's been a terrible mistake. The cows got Bill Gates's VAXXX. permalink award report block reply Intrigued5050 3 points 6 days ago Answer: our protection is in the gun safe next to the rope which is next to the keys to the wood chipper permalink award report block reply onesummerdream 2 points 5 days ago In Bill Gates world, this is a feature not a bug. permalink award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 5 days ago Bill gates has no involvement with the Dutch and Swiss company making bovaer. permalink award report block reply
flp999 OP 8 points 6 days ago This is the one piece that concerns me. I for one do not believe that we are no longer under attack from the Agenda. I believe that we very much are. I think even us pure bloods are being poisoned in many different ways such that at the end of the day it might not much matter in practical terms that we avoided the shot. So that’s pretty upsetting. Because with the power of Trump’s platform, if he just spoke the truth about what’s been going on it would pretty much end the whole thing the next day. But he’s not. I hope he’s able and/or willing to before it’s too late for everyone. For right now, we don’t need complex legislation and investigations that would take decades to complete. We just need that one person with the most powerful voice to simply speak the truth. I think a very large percentage of people would recognize it as being the truth when he said it, probably even a lot of people that think they’re Trump haters. I don’t think the gradualist approach is going to get us anywhere. I really don’t think we have enough time. permalink award report block reply justicein2020 5 points 6 days ago oh it's fine, i'll just go off the grid! live off the land! and the rabbits are growing tentacles, the deer are full of prions and cwd, and the fish are full of heavy metals. And all our food now contains sunflower oil. seen that lately? It's now in everything because it got so (cheap). permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 3 points 6 days ago He's at the white house, dining with Trump. permalink parent award report block reply flp999 OP 5 points 6 days ago I know. And I get that there’s some plan afoot, and I believe that it’s true. But again, do we have the time? They’re putting “bioengineered” material in the food now. This is completely not on the radar. I haven’t seen a single story about this in the alternative media. So many things are being normalized and it’s already too late. Remember when the lockdowns were ending and Bill Gates was all pissed and said, “it’s fine, we’ll just put it in their food?” It contains detectable amounts of “genetic material that has been modified through rDNA.” How is this ok after all that we’ve seen? https://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/be/faq/general permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 6 days ago If American cattle are being given this and aren't "collapsing and dying", then it's something else that's causing Danish cattle to (reportedly) be "collapsing and dying".  Possibly deliberate poisoning of the product in an attempt to stop the government from requiing it be added to feed.  Or possibly some completely unrelated factor. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago What did the 60 million bison eat? permalink parent award report block reply bratt 2 points 6 days ago You are correct. this could be farmer activists sacrificing a few cows for the greater good, knowing how dangerous non farting cows might ultimately be. But it might be explained by different breeds, different genetics. Covid affected people in many different ways. Same with drugs, they need to have trials for years if not decades, so the symptoms for one bad combination is discovered. This is the number one reason I am a pure blood. I said WAIT! What happened to the years of trials and testing for a totally new type of vaccine, for a novel new disease, Now we are going to force billions of people to take it. The risk could make Thalidomide seem like baby aspirin. I think it still may be. The fall out just was not immediate. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago The original article added the facts that the cows recovered when taken off the feed but started getting ill again when back on it. They don't need it so they should not be fed it. This type of  unnecessary interfering is what causes the food chain to be in the cancer inducing state that it is. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 5 days ago I'm not supporting the idea of this feed additive being pushed by government or made mandatory.  Just pointing out that a new report from a few farmers in just one small country is not indicative of the Bovaer feed itself being responsible for the ill effects seen in these cattle.  This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year.  Testing on cattle began in 2010. Denmark just started making use of the additive mandatory this fall, and it's entirely possible that somebody decided to protest that move by contaminating some batches of the product in a way that would drive farmer and public opinion against it.  Some farmers are using it voluntarily because there's some preliminary evidence that it may provide some increase in feed efficiency (same amount of feed producing more weight gain or milk production when Bovaer is added), thus increasing profit margins.  Also probably being used voluntarily by some farmers catering to special markets in which claiming to use this "climate conscious" additive boosts sales among Greta Thunberg fans. There's absolutely no evidence that it ends up in milk or meat, or causes any negative health effects in humans.  But government mandates to use a specific product often result in a windfall to the manufacturer (usually with kickbacks to politicians), and added expense to those mandated to use it and/or to their customers, with no actual benefit at all.  If this product has any actual benefit, no mandate will be needed to get many farmers to start buying and using it. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago My view is that additives to stop cow farts are the ludicrous heights of the climate scam. As such it should be viewed with extreme caution, on the grounds that we are dealing with liars of a global scale. This looks copied from my recent response in a previous post. "This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year". permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BaronFalcon 1 points 5 days ago It's all the chemicals and sugar in the food supply.
Excitotoxins and sugar are poisoning us daily. Alzheimer's is now being listed as type 3 diabetes. Sugar addiction is the same as cocaine addiction, shrinks the brain the same and causes non alcoholic fatty liver disease. Glutamates, cysteine, aspartate  and casein are literally killing neurons and causing Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, and are puberty blockers. Glutamate is hidden in about 10 different names on labels, usually "natural flavoring", or hidden in the amino acid profile. This isn't even touching on the industrial farming chemicals like glyphosates etc. If you didn't grow or raise it using organic methods and feed (beware straw bedding going in to your gardens, it's impossible to find organic straw) it's probably suspect. Organic products are being tested and found to have glyphosates. FDA organic procedures have loopholes. Grow and raise your own food, it's the only truly safe way. permalink parent award report block reply
justicein2020 5 points 6 days ago oh it's fine, i'll just go off the grid! live off the land! and the rabbits are growing tentacles, the deer are full of prions and cwd, and the fish are full of heavy metals. And all our food now contains sunflower oil. seen that lately? It's now in everything because it got so (cheap). permalink parent award report block reply
ToxicAvengerOhio 3 points 6 days ago He's at the white house, dining with Trump. permalink parent award report block reply flp999 OP 5 points 6 days ago I know. And I get that there’s some plan afoot, and I believe that it’s true. But again, do we have the time? They’re putting “bioengineered” material in the food now. This is completely not on the radar. I haven’t seen a single story about this in the alternative media. So many things are being normalized and it’s already too late. Remember when the lockdowns were ending and Bill Gates was all pissed and said, “it’s fine, we’ll just put it in their food?” It contains detectable amounts of “genetic material that has been modified through rDNA.” How is this ok after all that we’ve seen? https://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/be/faq/general permalink parent award report block reply
flp999 OP 5 points 6 days ago I know. And I get that there’s some plan afoot, and I believe that it’s true. But again, do we have the time? They’re putting “bioengineered” material in the food now. This is completely not on the radar. I haven’t seen a single story about this in the alternative media. So many things are being normalized and it’s already too late. Remember when the lockdowns were ending and Bill Gates was all pissed and said, “it’s fine, we’ll just put it in their food?” It contains detectable amounts of “genetic material that has been modified through rDNA.” How is this ok after all that we’ve seen? https://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/be/faq/general permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 2 points 6 days ago If American cattle are being given this and aren't "collapsing and dying", then it's something else that's causing Danish cattle to (reportedly) be "collapsing and dying".  Possibly deliberate poisoning of the product in an attempt to stop the government from requiing it be added to feed.  Or possibly some completely unrelated factor. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago What did the 60 million bison eat? permalink parent award report block reply bratt 2 points 6 days ago You are correct. this could be farmer activists sacrificing a few cows for the greater good, knowing how dangerous non farting cows might ultimately be. But it might be explained by different breeds, different genetics. Covid affected people in many different ways. Same with drugs, they need to have trials for years if not decades, so the symptoms for one bad combination is discovered. This is the number one reason I am a pure blood. I said WAIT! What happened to the years of trials and testing for a totally new type of vaccine, for a novel new disease, Now we are going to force billions of people to take it. The risk could make Thalidomide seem like baby aspirin. I think it still may be. The fall out just was not immediate. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago The original article added the facts that the cows recovered when taken off the feed but started getting ill again when back on it. They don't need it so they should not be fed it. This type of  unnecessary interfering is what causes the food chain to be in the cancer inducing state that it is. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 5 days ago I'm not supporting the idea of this feed additive being pushed by government or made mandatory.  Just pointing out that a new report from a few farmers in just one small country is not indicative of the Bovaer feed itself being responsible for the ill effects seen in these cattle.  This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year.  Testing on cattle began in 2010. Denmark just started making use of the additive mandatory this fall, and it's entirely possible that somebody decided to protest that move by contaminating some batches of the product in a way that would drive farmer and public opinion against it.  Some farmers are using it voluntarily because there's some preliminary evidence that it may provide some increase in feed efficiency (same amount of feed producing more weight gain or milk production when Bovaer is added), thus increasing profit margins.  Also probably being used voluntarily by some farmers catering to special markets in which claiming to use this "climate conscious" additive boosts sales among Greta Thunberg fans. There's absolutely no evidence that it ends up in milk or meat, or causes any negative health effects in humans.  But government mandates to use a specific product often result in a windfall to the manufacturer (usually with kickbacks to politicians), and added expense to those mandated to use it and/or to their customers, with no actual benefit at all.  If this product has any actual benefit, no mandate will be needed to get many farmers to start buying and using it. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago My view is that additives to stop cow farts are the ludicrous heights of the climate scam. As such it should be viewed with extreme caution, on the grounds that we are dealing with liars of a global scale. This looks copied from my recent response in a previous post. "This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year". permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago What did the 60 million bison eat? permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 2 points 6 days ago You are correct. this could be farmer activists sacrificing a few cows for the greater good, knowing how dangerous non farting cows might ultimately be. But it might be explained by different breeds, different genetics. Covid affected people in many different ways. Same with drugs, they need to have trials for years if not decades, so the symptoms for one bad combination is discovered. This is the number one reason I am a pure blood. I said WAIT! What happened to the years of trials and testing for a totally new type of vaccine, for a novel new disease, Now we are going to force billions of people to take it. The risk could make Thalidomide seem like baby aspirin. I think it still may be. The fall out just was not immediate. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 2 points 5 days ago The original article added the facts that the cows recovered when taken off the feed but started getting ill again when back on it. They don't need it so they should not be fed it. This type of  unnecessary interfering is what causes the food chain to be in the cancer inducing state that it is. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 5 days ago I'm not supporting the idea of this feed additive being pushed by government or made mandatory.  Just pointing out that a new report from a few farmers in just one small country is not indicative of the Bovaer feed itself being responsible for the ill effects seen in these cattle.  This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year.  Testing on cattle began in 2010. Denmark just started making use of the additive mandatory this fall, and it's entirely possible that somebody decided to protest that move by contaminating some batches of the product in a way that would drive farmer and public opinion against it.  Some farmers are using it voluntarily because there's some preliminary evidence that it may provide some increase in feed efficiency (same amount of feed producing more weight gain or milk production when Bovaer is added), thus increasing profit margins.  Also probably being used voluntarily by some farmers catering to special markets in which claiming to use this "climate conscious" additive boosts sales among Greta Thunberg fans. There's absolutely no evidence that it ends up in milk or meat, or causes any negative health effects in humans.  But government mandates to use a specific product often result in a windfall to the manufacturer (usually with kickbacks to politicians), and added expense to those mandated to use it and/or to their customers, with no actual benefit at all.  If this product has any actual benefit, no mandate will be needed to get many farmers to start buying and using it. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago My view is that additives to stop cow farts are the ludicrous heights of the climate scam. As such it should be viewed with extreme caution, on the grounds that we are dealing with liars of a global scale. This looks copied from my recent response in a previous post. "This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year". permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Deplora 1 points 5 days ago I'm not supporting the idea of this feed additive being pushed by government or made mandatory.  Just pointing out that a new report from a few farmers in just one small country is not indicative of the Bovaer feed itself being responsible for the ill effects seen in these cattle.  This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year.  Testing on cattle began in 2010. Denmark just started making use of the additive mandatory this fall, and it's entirely possible that somebody decided to protest that move by contaminating some batches of the product in a way that would drive farmer and public opinion against it.  Some farmers are using it voluntarily because there's some preliminary evidence that it may provide some increase in feed efficiency (same amount of feed producing more weight gain or milk production when Bovaer is added), thus increasing profit margins.  Also probably being used voluntarily by some farmers catering to special markets in which claiming to use this "climate conscious" additive boosts sales among Greta Thunberg fans. There's absolutely no evidence that it ends up in milk or meat, or causes any negative health effects in humans.  But government mandates to use a specific product often result in a windfall to the manufacturer (usually with kickbacks to politicians), and added expense to those mandated to use it and/or to their customers, with no actual benefit at all.  If this product has any actual benefit, no mandate will be needed to get many farmers to start buying and using it. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 5 days ago My view is that additives to stop cow farts are the ludicrous heights of the climate scam. As such it should be viewed with extreme caution, on the grounds that we are dealing with liars of a global scale. This looks copied from my recent response in a previous post. "This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year". permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Liberats 2 points 5 days ago My view is that additives to stop cow farts are the ludicrous heights of the climate scam. As such it should be viewed with extreme caution, on the grounds that we are dealing with liars of a global scale. This looks copied from my recent response in a previous post. "This product has been used in Chile and Brazil since 2021, in various EU countries (including Denmark) since 2022, and in Canada and the US since last year". permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BaronFalcon 1 points 5 days ago It's all the chemicals and sugar in the food supply.
Excitotoxins and sugar are poisoning us daily. Alzheimer's is now being listed as type 3 diabetes. Sugar addiction is the same as cocaine addiction, shrinks the brain the same and causes non alcoholic fatty liver disease. Glutamates, cysteine, aspartate  and casein are literally killing neurons and causing Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, and are puberty blockers. Glutamate is hidden in about 10 different names on labels, usually "natural flavoring", or hidden in the amino acid profile. This isn't even touching on the industrial farming chemicals like glyphosates etc. If you didn't grow or raise it using organic methods and feed (beware straw bedding going in to your gardens, it's impossible to find organic straw) it's probably suspect. Organic products are being tested and found to have glyphosates. FDA organic procedures have loopholes. Grow and raise your own food, it's the only truly safe way. permalink parent award report block reply
bluedevilga 7 points 6 days ago What we need to remember is that the purpose is to genetically modify the cow, is to genetically modify us. Department of agricultural still has a war on beef permalink award report block reply impera 4 points 6 days ago In the last week or so the 'climate change' scam seems like it has been shelved by its proponents, since the same people who were whining are also the people who own AI datacentres and the huge energy demand these have. Since you know, there is now apparently more $ to be made by ignoring climate than there was previously trying to scam money for green tech nonsense. That being the case, why are ANY of these poisons in the food of any animal any longer? If it was mandated, let the mandate be cancelled, and the poisoners who demanded this all face charges relating to the malicious poisoning of the cattle. permalink parent award report block reply justicein2020 4 points 6 days ago anyone who says 'climate change' you can scream at them about ukraine and russia. if refinerys are valid targets. climate change isn't that serious. either it's bad to burn all this shit. or not. they can't have it both ways. and everyones cheering setting fire to russian stuff... permalink parent award report block reply
impera 4 points 6 days ago In the last week or so the 'climate change' scam seems like it has been shelved by its proponents, since the same people who were whining are also the people who own AI datacentres and the huge energy demand these have. Since you know, there is now apparently more $ to be made by ignoring climate than there was previously trying to scam money for green tech nonsense. That being the case, why are ANY of these poisons in the food of any animal any longer? If it was mandated, let the mandate be cancelled, and the poisoners who demanded this all face charges relating to the malicious poisoning of the cattle. permalink parent award report block reply justicein2020 4 points 6 days ago anyone who says 'climate change' you can scream at them about ukraine and russia. if refinerys are valid targets. climate change isn't that serious. either it's bad to burn all this shit. or not. they can't have it both ways. and everyones cheering setting fire to russian stuff... permalink parent award report block reply
justicein2020 4 points 6 days ago anyone who says 'climate change' you can scream at them about ukraine and russia. if refinerys are valid targets. climate change isn't that serious. either it's bad to burn all this shit. or not. they can't have it both ways. and everyones cheering setting fire to russian stuff... permalink parent award report block reply
Tim_Berframer 3 points 6 days ago There's been a terrible mistake. The cows got Bill Gates's VAXXX. permalink award report block reply
Intrigued5050 3 points 6 days ago Answer: our protection is in the gun safe next to the rope which is next to the keys to the wood chipper permalink award report block reply
onesummerdream 2 points 5 days ago In Bill Gates world, this is a feature not a bug. permalink award report block reply
corntortilla 1 points 5 days ago Bill gates has no involvement with the Dutch and Swiss company making bovaer. permalink award report block reply