421 The most persecuted person in the US in the last 5 years wasn't LGBT or blacks. It was anyone saying hey, these vaccines, you had to change the definition of vaccines and also the approval criteria. Can we have a logical conversation about why? posted 3 days ago by FlyinHeadlock 9 comments award share report block .
9 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Th3Cho0sing0ne 15 points 3 days ago History books are gonna be wild 200 years from now. Honkler should grace every cover. permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 2 points 3 days ago That would be tantamount to idolatry and therefore haram. The worldwide caliphate 200 years from now would never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 2 points 2 days ago History would be a wonderful thing if only it were true. permalink parent award report block reply FlgPole 13 points 3 days ago Dont forget that  they changed the definition of "pandemic" from 4% deaths to positive infections. that is how a 99% survival rate turned into media pushing terror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puqaaeLnEww Lock him up. permalink award report block reply diestanding 10 points 3 days ago Because greedy muthafukers don't care. Big Pharma and insurance and tech will do whatever it takes to get $$$$. There is no bounds including killing you. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 6 points 3 days ago I forgot that when we won 2024 how excited I was on the thought that this would all be addressed and the guilty would be locked up for the worst crimes to humanity in the history of America.  People in politics don't care about the tedious work of backtracking for errors, mistakes, crimes and so we will make the Covid mistake again in the future some day. permalink award report block reply Ladypenis 3 points 3 days ago I typed the standard two weeks so many fucking times and took a lot of hate but damn it if I’ve learned that two weeks never gets here😔 permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 3 points 3 days ago They needed to publicly punish and shame anyone who questioned the narrative.  It was a massive global brainwashing event to set the stage for the "Great Reset." I'm pretty sure we all had this conversation already. permalink award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth -2 points 3 days ago Pepe farms remembers when “Heard Immunity” didn’t exist. permalink award report block reply
Th3Cho0sing0ne 15 points 3 days ago History books are gonna be wild 200 years from now. Honkler should grace every cover. permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 2 points 3 days ago That would be tantamount to idolatry and therefore haram. The worldwide caliphate 200 years from now would never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 2 points 2 days ago History would be a wonderful thing if only it were true. permalink parent award report block reply
RusherOfDin 2 points 3 days ago That would be tantamount to idolatry and therefore haram. The worldwide caliphate 200 years from now would never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply
punkalicious 2 points 2 days ago History would be a wonderful thing if only it were true. permalink parent award report block reply
FlgPole 13 points 3 days ago Dont forget that  they changed the definition of "pandemic" from 4% deaths to positive infections. that is how a 99% survival rate turned into media pushing terror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puqaaeLnEww Lock him up. permalink award report block reply
diestanding 10 points 3 days ago Because greedy muthafukers don't care. Big Pharma and insurance and tech will do whatever it takes to get $$$$. There is no bounds including killing you. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 6 points 3 days ago I forgot that when we won 2024 how excited I was on the thought that this would all be addressed and the guilty would be locked up for the worst crimes to humanity in the history of America.  People in politics don't care about the tedious work of backtracking for errors, mistakes, crimes and so we will make the Covid mistake again in the future some day. permalink award report block reply Ladypenis 3 points 3 days ago I typed the standard two weeks so many fucking times and took a lot of hate but damn it if I’ve learned that two weeks never gets here😔 permalink parent award report block reply
Ladypenis 3 points 3 days ago I typed the standard two weeks so many fucking times and took a lot of hate but damn it if I’ve learned that two weeks never gets here😔 permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 3 points 3 days ago They needed to publicly punish and shame anyone who questioned the narrative.  It was a massive global brainwashing event to set the stage for the "Great Reset." I'm pretty sure we all had this conversation already. permalink award report block reply
Sugz_Da_Feefth -2 points 3 days ago Pepe farms remembers when “Heard Immunity” didn’t exist. permalink award report block reply