25 Why go after BBC but not CBC and other allied state sponsored broadcasters in NATO whom have run 24/7 smear campaigns for 10 years now? posted 3 hours ago by Mhmm2MoreWeeks 6 comments award share download report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Grows Back in A Few Days! At Any Stage of Baldness HaloGrow Surricat 1 points 2 hours ago Check for provided evidence (photo, video, official document, anonymous source, or just the journalist saying so) permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 hour ago Whom😏 permalink award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 1 points 2 hours ago as a canadian I would so love President Trump suing the corrupt cbc permalink award report block reply DangerousAmerican76 1 points 3 hours ago We actually pay for this one. permalink award report block reply tomthung 1 points 1 hour ago BBC is a State run broadcaster. London interfered in our elections, that's an act of war. I think Trump is just dominating them because they deserve it. The world saw how he dominated the King and before that the Queen of England. There's more to come, I would not rule out the ceding of Canada, Greenland and anything else Trump wants as war tribute. permalink award report block reply redneckrevival 1 points 2 hours ago Soooo, your saying don't do anything, riiiiight. permalink award report block reply
Surricat 1 points 2 hours ago Check for provided evidence (photo, video, official document, anonymous source, or just the journalist saying so) permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 1 hour ago Whom😏 permalink award report block reply
Nachos_and_cheese 1 points 2 hours ago as a canadian I would so love President Trump suing the corrupt cbc permalink award report block reply
DangerousAmerican76 1 points 3 hours ago We actually pay for this one. permalink award report block reply
tomthung 1 points 1 hour ago BBC is a State run broadcaster. London interfered in our elections, that's an act of war. I think Trump is just dominating them because they deserve it. The world saw how he dominated the King and before that the Queen of England. There's more to come, I would not rule out the ceding of Canada, Greenland and anything else Trump wants as war tribute. permalink award report block reply
redneckrevival 1 points 2 hours ago Soooo, your saying don't do anything, riiiiight. permalink award report block reply