25 Socialist socialite in Seattle who lives off her parents has managed to turn a 7-point election night loss into a come from behind victory after EIGHT DAYS COUNTING:  "In Seattle's vote-by-mail elections, left-lane candidates in city races often gain ground in later vote counts" 🛑  Corrupt Commies  🛑 posted 2 hours ago by schism 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno fallhollow 8 points 2 hours ago fraud so obvious this is embarassing permalink award report block reply Taupkek 5 points 1 hour ago I've been around long enough to see the original movie that this is the remake of: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Washington_gubernatorial_election They just kept counting and recounting until Chrissy pulled ahead and then shut down all counts and said we needed to heal. Its the Washington Way, and will remain the status quo until Cheat by Mail is revoked. permalink award report block reply CIVANO 5 points 1 hour ago They do nt gain ground without fraud. permalink award report block reply BenDoverAssho 3 points 1 hour ago Investigate! It's all bullshit. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 60 minutes ago This is going to keep happening unless voter fraud is stopped and the criminals are imprisoned. permalink award report block reply Awakened 2 points 1 hour ago And there are those here defending mail in voting and allowing for them to arrive after election night. The same mindset that gave us early voting gave us mail in. Both are vectors for fraud. permalink award report block reply schism OP 2 points 2 hours ago SOURCE: https://www.axios.com/local/seattle/2025/11/12/katie-wilson-widens-lead-in-seattle-mayor-s-race permalink award report block reply
fallhollow 8 points 2 hours ago fraud so obvious this is embarassing permalink award report block reply
Taupkek 5 points 1 hour ago I've been around long enough to see the original movie that this is the remake of: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Washington_gubernatorial_election They just kept counting and recounting until Chrissy pulled ahead and then shut down all counts and said we needed to heal. Its the Washington Way, and will remain the status quo until Cheat by Mail is revoked. permalink award report block reply
CIVANO 5 points 1 hour ago They do nt gain ground without fraud. permalink award report block reply
BenDoverAssho 3 points 1 hour ago Investigate! It's all bullshit. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 3 points 60 minutes ago This is going to keep happening unless voter fraud is stopped and the criminals are imprisoned. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 1 hour ago And there are those here defending mail in voting and allowing for them to arrive after election night. The same mindset that gave us early voting gave us mail in. Both are vectors for fraud. permalink award report block reply
schism OP 2 points 2 hours ago SOURCE: https://www.axios.com/local/seattle/2025/11/12/katie-wilson-widens-lead-in-seattle-mayor-s-race permalink award report block reply