122 It has been revealed that Linda Sun, a former aide to Kathy Hochul and a Chinese spy, received $18.1 million from China, which she used to buy a $3.6 million mansion, a $1.9 million condo, and a 2024 Ferrari, in exchange for influencing New York State policy in China’s favor. posted 16 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 5 comments award share report block Right Angle News Network @Rightanglenews • 23h BREAKING - It has been revealed that Linda Sun, a former aide to Kathy Hochul and a Chinese spy, received $18.1 million from China, which she used to buy a $3.6 million mansion, a $1.9 million condo, and a 2024 Ferrari, in exchange for influencing New York State policy in China’s
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Chancho69 2 points 11 hours ago Isn’t spying treason? Get a rope. permalink award report block reply IncensedThurible 2 points 8 hours ago We used to hang spies. Why did we stop? permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 2 points 11 hours ago Sum Ting Wong (yet again) permalink award report block reply Trumpdidit 1 points 9 hours ago Put this thing, and AOC in separate rooms, under dark conditions, have them both read this same statement, and have listeners, pick which is who. 9 0ut of 10 will be wrong. permalink award report block reply Abovethefray 1 points 8 hours ago Trying to imagine driving that car and trying to block out that voice... it is a tough one. That Ferrari Roma is ok, though.  Looks pretty good I think. permalink award report block reply
Chancho69 2 points 11 hours ago Isn’t spying treason? Get a rope. permalink award report block reply IncensedThurible 2 points 8 hours ago We used to hang spies. Why did we stop? permalink parent award report block reply
IncensedThurible 2 points 8 hours ago We used to hang spies. Why did we stop? permalink parent award report block reply
Ligersrule1 2 points 11 hours ago Sum Ting Wong (yet again) permalink award report block reply
Trumpdidit 1 points 9 hours ago Put this thing, and AOC in separate rooms, under dark conditions, have them both read this same statement, and have listeners, pick which is who. 9 0ut of 10 will be wrong. permalink award report block reply
Abovethefray 1 points 8 hours ago Trying to imagine driving that car and trying to block out that voice... it is a tough one. That Ferrari Roma is ok, though.  Looks pretty good I think. permalink award report block reply