1446 He made a bet with a scientist to prove him wrong and show that vaccinated kids were healthier. The study was finished in 2020 but the results were shocking — vaccinated children were 2.5 times more likely to have chronic disease. (substack.com) posted 18 hours ago by SenorTrumper 111 comments award share report block Lara Logan (@laralogan) He made a bet with a scientist to prove him wrong and show that vaccinated kids were healthier. The study was finished in 2020 but never published. When Del Bigtree finally saw it on hidden camera, the results were shocking — vaccinated children were 2.5 t... substack.com
111 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget 10gauge 82 points 18 hours ago They are literally trying genocide. permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 26 points 17 hours ago Don't ascribe to malice what could be simply be attributed to greed.    Should be someone's razor. Do you think the CEO of the big pharma companies are on the same vaccination schedule as a typical public school child?  Greed is deadly sin, but they found a way to make others die instead. permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 40 points 17 hours ago But it's both malice and greed. If someone covets your money, that's greed. If someone desires to maim you to get your money that's malice. If someone harms you by means of deception, then steals your money under the guise of selling aid, well....that's a level of evil that can't and should not be reasoned with. permalink parent award report block reply Thermopylae_MMXX 40 points 16 hours ago Healthcare run by Big Pharma will never cure disease. A country run by banks will always be in debt. A state run by war will never know peace. A nation run by media will never know the truth. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 11 hours ago excellent words of wisdom permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience 5 points 9 hours ago Add how drugs to cure depression and violent tendencies only make both things worse in the people who take them. permalink parent award report block reply neveser 2 points 10 hours ago nailed it permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 24 points 16 hours ago Capitalism only works if money rewards good, not because we are all forced to buy a product.  Vaccines being mandatory is communism. permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 3 points 6 hours ago Capitalism works without corruption. permalink parent award report block reply fedsrgayboys 4 points 17 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 3 points 7 hours ago If it was simply greed, they’d just be injecting saline. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 14 points 16 hours ago We are being genocided and replaced with half wit slaves. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago It's obvious malice bruh. They want White's sick and unable to reproduce permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 4 points 11 hours ago Poisoning other people's children to make money is pretty malicious permalink parent award report block reply Dr_Eggman 15 points 17 hours ago Imagine if "they" did it intentionally. Because "they" are fighting a holy war against us. The subversion of our government, academia, healthcare, mainstream and social media, military industrial complex, banks and history. Imagine if "they" have versions of AlPAC and Epsten in every Western nation. To steal everything and enslave everyone. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 9 points 17 hours ago They will try again because that is their playbook to reset the chess board.  Same with the great depression they are planning for 2029 via agenda 2029. And then war to cull the population further as that is what the Malthusians want badly like what happened in the 20th century. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 4 points 17 hours ago What do you mean by "they"? permalink parent award report block reply Yaemz123 -3 points 17 hours ago He means muh jooz permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 8 hours ago Not really.  You can imagine an execute at a company realizing that vaccines are bad for the population but still pushing it because sick people need more help with health care and more shots and more pills.  This is the worst type of greed. permalink parent award report block reply borisborscht 2 points 17 hours ago Again? permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 hours ago Then "they" would be doing it to themselves too. https://me.health.gov.il/en/parenting/raising-children/immunization-schedule/babies-immunization-schedule/ permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 6 points 17 hours ago Question I'm wondering is, has the purpose of each vaccine changed over time? It couldn't have been the intention initially in USA to kill off the working class... Is there a long term game with vaccines? Maybe to alternate our systems to become dependent on their drugs to survive, so natural immunity ceases to exist? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 16 points 17 hours ago Why was  The Giver and Brave New World required reading for many students in school as teenagers? The bioweapon jabs like the seasonal flu jabs for example are used to slowly cull the elderly and to handicap the young from reaching their full potential. You know the top three reasons why so many elderly have health issues? Lack of sun/vitamin D, lack of strength training to counter broken bones from falls, and lack of mobility which limits their social interactions.  Limited social interactions lead to isolation, depression, and obviously weakened muscles (including heart). Instead the focus is on the uber "vaxxes" to help counter the flu and cold for the elderly. But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place.  It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. If the elderly are constantly outdoors their immune system is always in tip top shape and their vitamin D levels are higher due to sunlight exposure. Also their depression is no more and they can be more mobile and have a social life interacting with other people. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 5 points 8 hours ago A superb summary! But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place. It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. Excellent! What a pleasure to see someone who can actually think! You dig all the way to root causes. Similarly, arterial plaques which lead to cardiac arrest are a symptom, not a cause. The cholesterol adheres like a bandage to the arterial wall, causing blockages. But what triggers the adhesion? inflammation. And what triggers the inflammation? sugar. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly right permalink parent award report block reply Buce-Nudo 5 points 17 hours ago Good reason for self-defence. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 8 hours ago Its greed mostly.  But ACA is the greatest thing for big-pharma in the US.  ACA created so much wealth in big-pharma companies.  Health insurance company stock is up 400% to 1200% depending on the company.  ACA is the cash cow and that was the entire purpose. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 49 points 18 hours ago We did a LOT of research on vaccines before our child was born.  Read "Turtles All the Way Down".  It is probably the most thorough, scientifically sound book I've found on the topic.  It helped push me over the edge against vaccines.  I was skeptical and didn't just want to follow the conspiracy theory crowd, but I'm pretty much 100% against vaccines now. Vaccines contain toxic components called adjuvants.  God's design of the cellular and humoral immune systems is good and sufficient.  People do stupid things like taking tylenol to lower fevers well before they're approaching a dangerous level when fevers are a good part of God's design that help destroy the microorganisms that are harming the body. permalink award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 39 points 17 hours ago I’m Asian American, and growing up my parents didn’t really let us take pills like Tylenol when my sister or I had a fever. Instead, we would just rest, drink lots of water, have some traditional herb-like medicines or orange peels, and nutrition (like chicken broth congee) to “heal” our bodies. I was really confused when my White friends would tell me they would just pop a Tylenol/Advil at the slightest discomfort. And I was told that repeatedly, even in grad school. I think many Americans are over reliant on OTC drugs and it’s not good. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 17 points 17 hours ago This is the way...  Our child had a 101F fever once and my wife was a bit concerned and I reminded her that damage doesn't even begin to be a concern until like 103.5.  Even then, the body is under stress, but permanent damage isn't happening.  104/105 yeah, that's getting serious and you should intervene before it gets higher.  106/107, you're either nearly dead or dead.  That 101F temp was normal and just a result of teething. Even if you have a 102F/103F fever, SWEAT IT OUT!  Stay hydrated, drink electrolytes, monitor your temp, make sure someone is checking on you, but you'll probably be fine.  If it goes too high, then you can do ice packs in the armpits (brachial arteries) and crotch (femoral arteries) to lower temps. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 14 points 17 hours ago lol you’re like my dad. He would always tell us to have lots of warm water, and “sweat” or “pee” the virus out. He viewed microorganism infection as a type of “poison” but something our body can readily eliminate if we give our body a chance. You just reminded me of my dad. Your kids are lucky to have you! permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 11 points 17 hours ago Man, I love this.  I feel even dadder now. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 8 points 17 hours ago You are not wrong. America is drug fvcked. permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 6 points 14 hours ago My go to for a cold or flu is chicken soup and some form of electrolyte drink like gatorade zero or coconut water. I load up on those, then bundle up and usually manage to sweat the worst of the damn illness out overnight. The most medicine I usually let myself take is whatever level of decongestant if any is needed to ensure I can breath through my nose so that I don't dehydrate too fast while asleep. And even then I prefer to try only using a saline nasal spray first. Anything  Pseudoephedrine related tends to make me loopy as fuck and I don't like the feeling. Hits me worse than a stiff drink. If I have to resort to that stuff I call in sick because either way, I'm not going to be functional. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 2 points 17 hours ago Yeah the only otc medicine I really take is cold medicine when I have more symptoms than just a stuffy nose or something. But I only take it if I have to go to work just to get me through the day. permalink parent award report block reply XLNutts 1 points 9 hours ago Congee. My son lived on that for a week when he wasn't feeling good at 2 years old. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago The 'conspiracy theory crowd' is literally just people who have done more research than others... permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago There are those that diligently pursue the truth and arrive at well-founded conclusions that go against the grain of conventional "wisdom", then there are those who hear the same thing repeated enough times on YouTube shorts and just believe it without any foundation other than repeat exposure and a general distrust of things.  I just didn't want to be the latter.  The former is a much longer and harder road that I think fewer people take. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 14 minutes ago That's a lie perpetuated by the mainstream/media that I sincerely hope you will see beyond one day. Each person has their own unique journey to the truth and if some arrive there in part through youtube shorts, I'm all about it. They're part of the team! To put it another way: very few people would willingly subject themselves to the ostracization and persecution that comes with being a "conspiracy theorist". Most NPCs just outright reject any new information. So someone who actually can change their mind, even if through repetition, has something within them that resonates with the truth. If they choose to believe the new information and subjugate themselves to societal ostracization in favor of the truth (even if its not a full understanding), then they are commendable people with a keen sense and intellect. Trust in God. He lives within us and gives us the eyes to see. permalink parent award report block reply Informationinsider 5 points 10 hours ago Another great book is by Sherri J. Tenpenny
"Saying No to Vaccines: A Resource Guide for All Ages" Having read all these things years before covid was a big help. It'd blow your mind just how little doctors know about nutrition and vaccinology. The undereporting to VAERS is also alarming. The amount of injuries and adverse reactions from the flu/covid combo shot this year is like nothing I've ever seen. It's absolutely devastating the older folks. Some of them are dead within 10 minutes of getting it. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 7 hours ago 10 minutes, really? Thats crazy. I haven’t been hearing much about the combo shot this year. Where did you see that information? Not saying I don’t believe you but just would like to do some further research permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv -5 points 18 hours ago It’s evolution and it’s not perfect (cancer.) It is possible our planet was seeded by aliens. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 17 hours ago Lol, Earth is rare as fuuuuu Smell my phosphorus and G2V star ~delicious~ Oh what's that? Not a single star system remotely like ours? Oh my! What are we doing here? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 17 hours ago I'll give you that. Most stars we see are very far away. We find most planets like jupiter closer in. I believe thats because gas swirls closer to a star. Jupiters position now would have to happen late in formation. The question is how and what caused its movement. A brown dwarf might do it. Its theorized we have a unseen companion. We dont know and unlikely to know. permalink parent award report block reply Tim_Berframer 22 points 18 hours ago Most disease comes out of a needle. permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 9 points 17 hours ago I think a lot of it comes out of China and San Francisco too.  Just saying. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 8 hours ago mental disease flows from the TV screen or twitter feed, as well. permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 17 hours ago DC takes the cake(boy)… permalink parent award report block reply MacheteSanta 20 points 18 hours ago Here is the 1:40 hour source video INJECTING TRUTH INTO THE VACCINE DEBATE with Del Bigtree | EP 43 | Going Rogue with Lara Logan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bgDAo34x8Y permalink award report block reply DeploraBen 11 points 18 hours ago Waiting on the "shocking" part. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 4 points 18 hours ago It's where the vaccine gave 1% of the injected brain zaps permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 10 points 16 hours ago We are being genocided and replaced with half wit slaves. Globalists need to be attacked, in the streets. If the U.S. falls apart, the world is lost. Russia follows, and then the planet will be a rape colony forever. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago I noticed even elders with dementia can count change, and do mental math. But, not the young kids these days. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 9 points 18 hours ago Sterilize, make sick, and kill is all part of the communist agenda. permalink award report block reply ViagraFalls 9 points 18 hours ago A lot of chronic diseases come from a lack of minerals. Make sure you consume plant-derived minerals or fulvic acid. Other chronic diseases come from junk inputs such as seed oils, modern wheat (oats, barley, and rye can be a problem as well), and sugar overload. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 18 hours ago Like the Irish sea moss at thealexjonesstore dot com hehe permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 17 hours ago I think supplements for minerals are better at providing all of them and not just some of them. There’s about 60 minerals you need, some more than others. permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 8 points 18 hours ago The only worthwhile vaccines are the ones with inactive virus. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 7 points 17 hours ago Attenuated. We learned this term during the Covid combine. permalink parent award report block reply Testamernt 7 points 16 hours ago "Because it would end my career." career ended anyway lol get fucked.  People will be and are dying from this shit and he's worried about losing his job. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 3 points 13 hours ago kinda sounds like a line of bullshit doesn't it? permalink parent award report block reply Tcpsynack 6 points 9 hours ago Here's the study https://www.hsgac.senate.gov/wp-content/uploads/Entered-into-hearing-record-Impact-of-Childhood-Vaccination-on-Short-and-Long-Term-Chronic-Health-Outcomes-in-Children-A-Birth-Cohort-Study.pdf permalink award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 hours ago Great info. The only question I would have is if the unvaccinated group caught any of the diseases that the vaccinated group was vaccinated against.  Or a comparison of the numbers if the vaccinated group caught any of them too. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 6 points 17 hours ago "Damn, I guess you win.  But, we are still making them take it right?" permalink award report block reply 603taco 5 points 18 hours ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvEuMMAafF8 Link for film permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 4 points 16 hours ago Doctors baffled. permalink award report block reply DiamondDroid 4 points 16 hours ago Shocking results? Maybe to retards. permalink award report block reply Grond999 3 points 13 hours ago Yup..the corruption and deception flowing from the tentacles of Big Pharma and their "experts" is endless. Del Bigtree is doing a great job. permalink award report block reply learntocode 3 points 16 hours ago The Globalist agenda, to us in America, is kind of what happened to some nice Indonesian islanders that were not willing to deal their spices only to the Dutch East India Company, the VOC. Cohen, the VOC's man in the region, ordered a genocide of the natives. He imported slaves to take their place on the island. So, what is happening is this: the whole suburbia/mass motoring highways debt ponzi scheme ran its course, oh roundabout 1971 in 1971, we started getting dismantled, and China was stood up as the finished goods factory of the world now that China can make everything needed, and relies entirely on imported resources through Globalist systems, they dont need us anymore so, Mr Cohen shows up ... and now you know how the rest of the story goes. permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 3 points 18 hours ago Trojan Horse. Old trick, but it works. permalink award report block reply TGNX 3 points 15 hours ago And there's probably a lot more in there than just the 2.5 X conclusion, both in support of vaccinating and NOT vaccinating, but it likely goes against the pharmaceutical companies bottom line. permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 3 points 15 hours ago Vaccinated against what exactly? permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 8 hours ago Thanks for the link! The Bottom line: "The overall probability of being free
of a chronic health condition at 10-years of follow up was 43% in the group exposed to vaccination and
83% in the unexposed group. Conclusion: This study found that exposure to vaccination was independently associated with an overall
2.5-fold increase in the likelihood of developing a chronic health condition..." permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 18 hours ago An inconvenient study dot com permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 9 hours ago How else to create new customers for pediatricians, oncologists etc? permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago The healthiest person I ever met was completely unvaccinated. I remember wishing I had met someone completely unvaccinated before I had kids. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 8 hours ago It almost seems that the AMA and the pols want your children to be dumb and, as quickly as possible, dead. permalink parent award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 18 hours ago I hope bigtree sues if they don't pay him permalink award report block reply grassshrimp 2 points 15 hours ago Careers are ended for sharing the truth.  Scientific proof. We live in a clown world. permalink award report block reply Yawnz13 1 points 17 hours ago If this was true, dude would've published the study himself pro bono. permalink award report block reply SkullE 1 points 7 hours ago The Scientist said he’d loose his job if he told the truth. permalink award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 0 points 18 hours ago Trump is still pro vax. And pro H1B. People on X who usually lick his balls - are currently ripping him to shreds. It's goin' great. permalink award report block reply ImportantPerson 2 points 18 hours ago Most people here are pro-vax but are against certain vaccines and want to keep testing ALL vaccines. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 7 points 16 hours ago Keep testing??  Zero vaccines on the childhood immunization schedule have been subject to a double blind placebo clinical trial....zero. permalink parent award report block reply ImportantPerson 2 points 15 hours ago Yes, keep testing.  Do you not fucking understand english?  I can't dumb this down any more. You cite ONE FUCKING STUDY and then pretend that EVERY OTHER STUDY goes away because of it.  That's not how science works.  When you have conflicting studies, YOU KEEP TESTING.  You don't ignore one study or another study.  You don't pick and choose which studies are true or not arbitrarily. If you want to actually be useful instead of an embarassment, then start paying attention to who is desperately trying to make this study go away and shine a spotlight on them.  Make it about how they are suppressing the study and don't let them claim they didn't suppress it.  Don't let them deflect away from the study under false pretenses of bias.  Do that rather than some stupid fucking tirade against all vaccines, especially when you are making some of the most retarded arguments ever. permalink parent award report block reply Hattmall 1 points 16 hours ago Eh, you don't really need a double blind trial in this situation. It would for the most part be pretty unethical to have a placebo group for a childhood vaccine. We can compare efficacy by simply comparing to un-vaccinated population in other areas or years prior. A double blind trial would really only be used to compare a new vaccine to an existing standard one. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 3 points 16 hours ago Umm, a study comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated was exactly what this documentary was about.  If was performed using data from the Henry Ford Health Institute.  They never published because it showed a 2.5 times increase in disease in the vaccinated group thus the name of the documentary An Inconvenient Study. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpy_Bear -1 points 18 hours ago Could this do with the populations? Did the unvax group include Amish people? (Amish people have had higher death rates and thus evolutionary pressure towards healthier individuals) permalink award report block reply vongregormench 3 points 13 hours ago That would be a terrible study if it was just the Amish vs random US population. You'd have all kinds of unknown variables using just a small socially isolated population as a comparison. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 -28 points 18 hours ago Fuck this anti vax nonsense off, we look so stupid pushing and sticking this bullshit. Vaccines were given by God  to save humanity, ya'll are stupid. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 11 points 18 hours ago The only worthwhile vaccines are the ones with inactive virus. There are far too many synthetic vaccines that contain heavy metals and bioengineered proteins. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 2 points 17 hours ago Definitely agree with this one, this is an important distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Thricefucked 7 points 18 hours ago You sound vaccinated. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago I am, as is most of the world. permalink parent award report block reply Thricefucked 0 points 15 hours ago Gross, time for a booster maybe? permalink parent award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 4 points 18 hours ago Yeah.  Maybe if your "god" is Satan that is. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 -2 points 17 hours ago Nope, do 1 second of research please, not youtube videos or confirmation bias. permalink parent award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 0 points 5 hours ago I'll put my 4 academic degrees and 43 years of pharma and biologics industry experience up against anything you think you know any day of the week, chum. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 1 points 4 hours ago Well, since you’re here and begging for questions, can I get a tetanus shot or has it been fully ruined by combination shots? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 18 hours ago Kathy Hotchul what are you doing here? permalink parent award report block reply RexCollumSilvarum 3 points 17 hours ago Vaccines were given by God to save humanity, ya'll are stupid. There are vaccines that were designed to prevent disease, and they work. There are "vaccines" designed to do things other than prevent disease, and powerful people have spent a lot of time and money indoctrinating the public into thinking that these are the same thing as the ones mentioned above. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago Yes definitely agree with this. permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments...
10gauge 82 points 18 hours ago They are literally trying genocide. permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 26 points 17 hours ago Don't ascribe to malice what could be simply be attributed to greed.    Should be someone's razor. Do you think the CEO of the big pharma companies are on the same vaccination schedule as a typical public school child?  Greed is deadly sin, but they found a way to make others die instead. permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 40 points 17 hours ago But it's both malice and greed. If someone covets your money, that's greed. If someone desires to maim you to get your money that's malice. If someone harms you by means of deception, then steals your money under the guise of selling aid, well....that's a level of evil that can't and should not be reasoned with. permalink parent award report block reply Thermopylae_MMXX 40 points 16 hours ago Healthcare run by Big Pharma will never cure disease. A country run by banks will always be in debt. A state run by war will never know peace. A nation run by media will never know the truth. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 11 hours ago excellent words of wisdom permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience 5 points 9 hours ago Add how drugs to cure depression and violent tendencies only make both things worse in the people who take them. permalink parent award report block reply neveser 2 points 10 hours ago nailed it permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 24 points 16 hours ago Capitalism only works if money rewards good, not because we are all forced to buy a product.  Vaccines being mandatory is communism. permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 3 points 6 hours ago Capitalism works without corruption. permalink parent award report block reply fedsrgayboys 4 points 17 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 3 points 7 hours ago If it was simply greed, they’d just be injecting saline. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 14 points 16 hours ago We are being genocided and replaced with half wit slaves. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago It's obvious malice bruh. They want White's sick and unable to reproduce permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 4 points 11 hours ago Poisoning other people's children to make money is pretty malicious permalink parent award report block reply Dr_Eggman 15 points 17 hours ago Imagine if "they" did it intentionally. Because "they" are fighting a holy war against us. The subversion of our government, academia, healthcare, mainstream and social media, military industrial complex, banks and history. Imagine if "they" have versions of AlPAC and Epsten in every Western nation. To steal everything and enslave everyone. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 9 points 17 hours ago They will try again because that is their playbook to reset the chess board.  Same with the great depression they are planning for 2029 via agenda 2029. And then war to cull the population further as that is what the Malthusians want badly like what happened in the 20th century. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 4 points 17 hours ago What do you mean by "they"? permalink parent award report block reply Yaemz123 -3 points 17 hours ago He means muh jooz permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 8 hours ago Not really.  You can imagine an execute at a company realizing that vaccines are bad for the population but still pushing it because sick people need more help with health care and more shots and more pills.  This is the worst type of greed. permalink parent award report block reply borisborscht 2 points 17 hours ago Again? permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 hours ago Then "they" would be doing it to themselves too. https://me.health.gov.il/en/parenting/raising-children/immunization-schedule/babies-immunization-schedule/ permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 6 points 17 hours ago Question I'm wondering is, has the purpose of each vaccine changed over time? It couldn't have been the intention initially in USA to kill off the working class... Is there a long term game with vaccines? Maybe to alternate our systems to become dependent on their drugs to survive, so natural immunity ceases to exist? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 16 points 17 hours ago Why was  The Giver and Brave New World required reading for many students in school as teenagers? The bioweapon jabs like the seasonal flu jabs for example are used to slowly cull the elderly and to handicap the young from reaching their full potential. You know the top three reasons why so many elderly have health issues? Lack of sun/vitamin D, lack of strength training to counter broken bones from falls, and lack of mobility which limits their social interactions.  Limited social interactions lead to isolation, depression, and obviously weakened muscles (including heart). Instead the focus is on the uber "vaxxes" to help counter the flu and cold for the elderly. But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place.  It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. If the elderly are constantly outdoors their immune system is always in tip top shape and their vitamin D levels are higher due to sunlight exposure. Also their depression is no more and they can be more mobile and have a social life interacting with other people. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 5 points 8 hours ago A superb summary! But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place. It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. Excellent! What a pleasure to see someone who can actually think! You dig all the way to root causes. Similarly, arterial plaques which lead to cardiac arrest are a symptom, not a cause. The cholesterol adheres like a bandage to the arterial wall, causing blockages. But what triggers the adhesion? inflammation. And what triggers the inflammation? sugar. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly right permalink parent award report block reply Buce-Nudo 5 points 17 hours ago Good reason for self-defence. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 8 hours ago Its greed mostly.  But ACA is the greatest thing for big-pharma in the US.  ACA created so much wealth in big-pharma companies.  Health insurance company stock is up 400% to 1200% depending on the company.  ACA is the cash cow and that was the entire purpose. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 26 points 17 hours ago Don't ascribe to malice what could be simply be attributed to greed.    Should be someone's razor. Do you think the CEO of the big pharma companies are on the same vaccination schedule as a typical public school child?  Greed is deadly sin, but they found a way to make others die instead. permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 40 points 17 hours ago But it's both malice and greed. If someone covets your money, that's greed. If someone desires to maim you to get your money that's malice. If someone harms you by means of deception, then steals your money under the guise of selling aid, well....that's a level of evil that can't and should not be reasoned with. permalink parent award report block reply Thermopylae_MMXX 40 points 16 hours ago Healthcare run by Big Pharma will never cure disease. A country run by banks will always be in debt. A state run by war will never know peace. A nation run by media will never know the truth. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 11 hours ago excellent words of wisdom permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience 5 points 9 hours ago Add how drugs to cure depression and violent tendencies only make both things worse in the people who take them. permalink parent award report block reply neveser 2 points 10 hours ago nailed it permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 24 points 16 hours ago Capitalism only works if money rewards good, not because we are all forced to buy a product.  Vaccines being mandatory is communism. permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 3 points 6 hours ago Capitalism works without corruption. permalink parent award report block reply fedsrgayboys 4 points 17 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 3 points 7 hours ago If it was simply greed, they’d just be injecting saline. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 14 points 16 hours ago We are being genocided and replaced with half wit slaves. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago It's obvious malice bruh. They want White's sick and unable to reproduce permalink parent award report block reply Spicy_cat 4 points 11 hours ago Poisoning other people's children to make money is pretty malicious permalink parent award report block reply
45ichooseu 40 points 17 hours ago But it's both malice and greed. If someone covets your money, that's greed. If someone desires to maim you to get your money that's malice. If someone harms you by means of deception, then steals your money under the guise of selling aid, well....that's a level of evil that can't and should not be reasoned with. permalink parent award report block reply Thermopylae_MMXX 40 points 16 hours ago Healthcare run by Big Pharma will never cure disease. A country run by banks will always be in debt. A state run by war will never know peace. A nation run by media will never know the truth. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 11 hours ago excellent words of wisdom permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience 5 points 9 hours ago Add how drugs to cure depression and violent tendencies only make both things worse in the people who take them. permalink parent award report block reply neveser 2 points 10 hours ago nailed it permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 24 points 16 hours ago Capitalism only works if money rewards good, not because we are all forced to buy a product.  Vaccines being mandatory is communism. permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 3 points 6 hours ago Capitalism works without corruption. permalink parent award report block reply fedsrgayboys 4 points 17 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 3 points 7 hours ago If it was simply greed, they’d just be injecting saline. permalink parent award report block reply
Thermopylae_MMXX 40 points 16 hours ago Healthcare run by Big Pharma will never cure disease. A country run by banks will always be in debt. A state run by war will never know peace. A nation run by media will never know the truth. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 11 hours ago excellent words of wisdom permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience 5 points 9 hours ago Add how drugs to cure depression and violent tendencies only make both things worse in the people who take them. permalink parent award report block reply neveser 2 points 10 hours ago nailed it permalink parent award report block reply
yodayoda 5 points 11 hours ago excellent words of wisdom permalink parent award report block reply
IAmTheScience 5 points 9 hours ago Add how drugs to cure depression and violent tendencies only make both things worse in the people who take them. permalink parent award report block reply
neveser 2 points 10 hours ago nailed it permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 24 points 16 hours ago Capitalism only works if money rewards good, not because we are all forced to buy a product.  Vaccines being mandatory is communism. permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 3 points 6 hours ago Capitalism works without corruption. permalink parent award report block reply
NZbacon 3 points 6 hours ago Capitalism works without corruption. permalink parent award report block reply
fedsrgayboys 4 points 17 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply
Electrician 3 points 7 hours ago If it was simply greed, they’d just be injecting saline. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 14 points 16 hours ago We are being genocided and replaced with half wit slaves. permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago It's obvious malice bruh. They want White's sick and unable to reproduce permalink parent award report block reply
Spicy_cat 4 points 11 hours ago Poisoning other people's children to make money is pretty malicious permalink parent award report block reply
Dr_Eggman 15 points 17 hours ago Imagine if "they" did it intentionally. Because "they" are fighting a holy war against us. The subversion of our government, academia, healthcare, mainstream and social media, military industrial complex, banks and history. Imagine if "they" have versions of AlPAC and Epsten in every Western nation. To steal everything and enslave everyone. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 9 points 17 hours ago They will try again because that is their playbook to reset the chess board.  Same with the great depression they are planning for 2029 via agenda 2029. And then war to cull the population further as that is what the Malthusians want badly like what happened in the 20th century. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 4 points 17 hours ago What do you mean by "they"? permalink parent award report block reply Yaemz123 -3 points 17 hours ago He means muh jooz permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 8 hours ago Not really.  You can imagine an execute at a company realizing that vaccines are bad for the population but still pushing it because sick people need more help with health care and more shots and more pills.  This is the worst type of greed. permalink parent award report block reply borisborscht 2 points 17 hours ago Again? permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 hours ago Then "they" would be doing it to themselves too. https://me.health.gov.il/en/parenting/raising-children/immunization-schedule/babies-immunization-schedule/ permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 9 points 17 hours ago They will try again because that is their playbook to reset the chess board.  Same with the great depression they are planning for 2029 via agenda 2029. And then war to cull the population further as that is what the Malthusians want badly like what happened in the 20th century. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 4 points 17 hours ago What do you mean by "they"? permalink parent award report block reply Yaemz123 -3 points 17 hours ago He means muh jooz permalink parent award report block reply
Yaemz123 -3 points 17 hours ago He means muh jooz permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 8 hours ago Not really.  You can imagine an execute at a company realizing that vaccines are bad for the population but still pushing it because sick people need more help with health care and more shots and more pills.  This is the worst type of greed. permalink parent award report block reply
borisborscht 2 points 17 hours ago Again? permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 hours ago Then "they" would be doing it to themselves too. https://me.health.gov.il/en/parenting/raising-children/immunization-schedule/babies-immunization-schedule/ permalink parent award report block reply
MagaJay02 6 points 17 hours ago Question I'm wondering is, has the purpose of each vaccine changed over time? It couldn't have been the intention initially in USA to kill off the working class... Is there a long term game with vaccines? Maybe to alternate our systems to become dependent on their drugs to survive, so natural immunity ceases to exist? permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 16 points 17 hours ago Why was  The Giver and Brave New World required reading for many students in school as teenagers? The bioweapon jabs like the seasonal flu jabs for example are used to slowly cull the elderly and to handicap the young from reaching their full potential. You know the top three reasons why so many elderly have health issues? Lack of sun/vitamin D, lack of strength training to counter broken bones from falls, and lack of mobility which limits their social interactions.  Limited social interactions lead to isolation, depression, and obviously weakened muscles (including heart). Instead the focus is on the uber "vaxxes" to help counter the flu and cold for the elderly. But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place.  It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. If the elderly are constantly outdoors their immune system is always in tip top shape and their vitamin D levels are higher due to sunlight exposure. Also their depression is no more and they can be more mobile and have a social life interacting with other people. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 5 points 8 hours ago A superb summary! But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place. It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. Excellent! What a pleasure to see someone who can actually think! You dig all the way to root causes. Similarly, arterial plaques which lead to cardiac arrest are a symptom, not a cause. The cholesterol adheres like a bandage to the arterial wall, causing blockages. But what triggers the adhesion? inflammation. And what triggers the inflammation? sugar. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly right permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 16 points 17 hours ago Why was  The Giver and Brave New World required reading for many students in school as teenagers? The bioweapon jabs like the seasonal flu jabs for example are used to slowly cull the elderly and to handicap the young from reaching their full potential. You know the top three reasons why so many elderly have health issues? Lack of sun/vitamin D, lack of strength training to counter broken bones from falls, and lack of mobility which limits their social interactions.  Limited social interactions lead to isolation, depression, and obviously weakened muscles (including heart). Instead the focus is on the uber "vaxxes" to help counter the flu and cold for the elderly. But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place.  It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. If the elderly are constantly outdoors their immune system is always in tip top shape and their vitamin D levels are higher due to sunlight exposure. Also their depression is no more and they can be more mobile and have a social life interacting with other people. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 5 points 8 hours ago A superb summary! But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place. It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. Excellent! What a pleasure to see someone who can actually think! You dig all the way to root causes. Similarly, arterial plaques which lead to cardiac arrest are a symptom, not a cause. The cholesterol adheres like a bandage to the arterial wall, causing blockages. But what triggers the adhesion? inflammation. And what triggers the inflammation? sugar. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly right permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 5 points 8 hours ago A superb summary! But what these drug pimps do not mention is that like a Lichen on a tree the Lichen is not what weakens the tree in the first place. It is all other factors like weather, bugs, mechanical mudslides due to gravity, etc. Excellent! What a pleasure to see someone who can actually think! You dig all the way to root causes. Similarly, arterial plaques which lead to cardiac arrest are a symptom, not a cause. The cholesterol adheres like a bandage to the arterial wall, causing blockages. But what triggers the adhesion? inflammation. And what triggers the inflammation? sugar. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly right permalink parent award report block reply
Electrician 2 points 7 hours ago Exactly right permalink parent award report block reply
Buce-Nudo 5 points 17 hours ago Good reason for self-defence. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 8 hours ago Its greed mostly.  But ACA is the greatest thing for big-pharma in the US.  ACA created so much wealth in big-pharma companies.  Health insurance company stock is up 400% to 1200% depending on the company.  ACA is the cash cow and that was the entire purpose. permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 49 points 18 hours ago We did a LOT of research on vaccines before our child was born.  Read "Turtles All the Way Down".  It is probably the most thorough, scientifically sound book I've found on the topic.  It helped push me over the edge against vaccines.  I was skeptical and didn't just want to follow the conspiracy theory crowd, but I'm pretty much 100% against vaccines now. Vaccines contain toxic components called adjuvants.  God's design of the cellular and humoral immune systems is good and sufficient.  People do stupid things like taking tylenol to lower fevers well before they're approaching a dangerous level when fevers are a good part of God's design that help destroy the microorganisms that are harming the body. permalink award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 39 points 17 hours ago I’m Asian American, and growing up my parents didn’t really let us take pills like Tylenol when my sister or I had a fever. Instead, we would just rest, drink lots of water, have some traditional herb-like medicines or orange peels, and nutrition (like chicken broth congee) to “heal” our bodies. I was really confused when my White friends would tell me they would just pop a Tylenol/Advil at the slightest discomfort. And I was told that repeatedly, even in grad school. I think many Americans are over reliant on OTC drugs and it’s not good. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 17 points 17 hours ago This is the way...  Our child had a 101F fever once and my wife was a bit concerned and I reminded her that damage doesn't even begin to be a concern until like 103.5.  Even then, the body is under stress, but permanent damage isn't happening.  104/105 yeah, that's getting serious and you should intervene before it gets higher.  106/107, you're either nearly dead or dead.  That 101F temp was normal and just a result of teething. Even if you have a 102F/103F fever, SWEAT IT OUT!  Stay hydrated, drink electrolytes, monitor your temp, make sure someone is checking on you, but you'll probably be fine.  If it goes too high, then you can do ice packs in the armpits (brachial arteries) and crotch (femoral arteries) to lower temps. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 14 points 17 hours ago lol you’re like my dad. He would always tell us to have lots of warm water, and “sweat” or “pee” the virus out. He viewed microorganism infection as a type of “poison” but something our body can readily eliminate if we give our body a chance. You just reminded me of my dad. Your kids are lucky to have you! permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 11 points 17 hours ago Man, I love this.  I feel even dadder now. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 8 points 17 hours ago You are not wrong. America is drug fvcked. permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 6 points 14 hours ago My go to for a cold or flu is chicken soup and some form of electrolyte drink like gatorade zero or coconut water. I load up on those, then bundle up and usually manage to sweat the worst of the damn illness out overnight. The most medicine I usually let myself take is whatever level of decongestant if any is needed to ensure I can breath through my nose so that I don't dehydrate too fast while asleep. And even then I prefer to try only using a saline nasal spray first. Anything  Pseudoephedrine related tends to make me loopy as fuck and I don't like the feeling. Hits me worse than a stiff drink. If I have to resort to that stuff I call in sick because either way, I'm not going to be functional. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 2 points 17 hours ago Yeah the only otc medicine I really take is cold medicine when I have more symptoms than just a stuffy nose or something. But I only take it if I have to go to work just to get me through the day. permalink parent award report block reply XLNutts 1 points 9 hours ago Congee. My son lived on that for a week when he wasn't feeling good at 2 years old. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago The 'conspiracy theory crowd' is literally just people who have done more research than others... permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago There are those that diligently pursue the truth and arrive at well-founded conclusions that go against the grain of conventional "wisdom", then there are those who hear the same thing repeated enough times on YouTube shorts and just believe it without any foundation other than repeat exposure and a general distrust of things.  I just didn't want to be the latter.  The former is a much longer and harder road that I think fewer people take. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 14 minutes ago That's a lie perpetuated by the mainstream/media that I sincerely hope you will see beyond one day. Each person has their own unique journey to the truth and if some arrive there in part through youtube shorts, I'm all about it. They're part of the team! To put it another way: very few people would willingly subject themselves to the ostracization and persecution that comes with being a "conspiracy theorist". Most NPCs just outright reject any new information. So someone who actually can change their mind, even if through repetition, has something within them that resonates with the truth. If they choose to believe the new information and subjugate themselves to societal ostracization in favor of the truth (even if its not a full understanding), then they are commendable people with a keen sense and intellect. Trust in God. He lives within us and gives us the eyes to see. permalink parent award report block reply Informationinsider 5 points 10 hours ago Another great book is by Sherri J. Tenpenny
"Saying No to Vaccines: A Resource Guide for All Ages" Having read all these things years before covid was a big help. It'd blow your mind just how little doctors know about nutrition and vaccinology. The undereporting to VAERS is also alarming. The amount of injuries and adverse reactions from the flu/covid combo shot this year is like nothing I've ever seen. It's absolutely devastating the older folks. Some of them are dead within 10 minutes of getting it. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 7 hours ago 10 minutes, really? Thats crazy. I haven’t been hearing much about the combo shot this year. Where did you see that information? Not saying I don’t believe you but just would like to do some further research permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv -5 points 18 hours ago It’s evolution and it’s not perfect (cancer.) It is possible our planet was seeded by aliens. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 17 hours ago Lol, Earth is rare as fuuuuu Smell my phosphorus and G2V star ~delicious~ Oh what's that? Not a single star system remotely like ours? Oh my! What are we doing here? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 17 hours ago I'll give you that. Most stars we see are very far away. We find most planets like jupiter closer in. I believe thats because gas swirls closer to a star. Jupiters position now would have to happen late in formation. The question is how and what caused its movement. A brown dwarf might do it. Its theorized we have a unseen companion. We dont know and unlikely to know. permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 39 points 17 hours ago I’m Asian American, and growing up my parents didn’t really let us take pills like Tylenol when my sister or I had a fever. Instead, we would just rest, drink lots of water, have some traditional herb-like medicines or orange peels, and nutrition (like chicken broth congee) to “heal” our bodies. I was really confused when my White friends would tell me they would just pop a Tylenol/Advil at the slightest discomfort. And I was told that repeatedly, even in grad school. I think many Americans are over reliant on OTC drugs and it’s not good. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 17 points 17 hours ago This is the way...  Our child had a 101F fever once and my wife was a bit concerned and I reminded her that damage doesn't even begin to be a concern until like 103.5.  Even then, the body is under stress, but permanent damage isn't happening.  104/105 yeah, that's getting serious and you should intervene before it gets higher.  106/107, you're either nearly dead or dead.  That 101F temp was normal and just a result of teething. Even if you have a 102F/103F fever, SWEAT IT OUT!  Stay hydrated, drink electrolytes, monitor your temp, make sure someone is checking on you, but you'll probably be fine.  If it goes too high, then you can do ice packs in the armpits (brachial arteries) and crotch (femoral arteries) to lower temps. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 14 points 17 hours ago lol you’re like my dad. He would always tell us to have lots of warm water, and “sweat” or “pee” the virus out. He viewed microorganism infection as a type of “poison” but something our body can readily eliminate if we give our body a chance. You just reminded me of my dad. Your kids are lucky to have you! permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 11 points 17 hours ago Man, I love this.  I feel even dadder now. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 8 points 17 hours ago You are not wrong. America is drug fvcked. permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 6 points 14 hours ago My go to for a cold or flu is chicken soup and some form of electrolyte drink like gatorade zero or coconut water. I load up on those, then bundle up and usually manage to sweat the worst of the damn illness out overnight. The most medicine I usually let myself take is whatever level of decongestant if any is needed to ensure I can breath through my nose so that I don't dehydrate too fast while asleep. And even then I prefer to try only using a saline nasal spray first. Anything  Pseudoephedrine related tends to make me loopy as fuck and I don't like the feeling. Hits me worse than a stiff drink. If I have to resort to that stuff I call in sick because either way, I'm not going to be functional. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 2 points 17 hours ago Yeah the only otc medicine I really take is cold medicine when I have more symptoms than just a stuffy nose or something. But I only take it if I have to go to work just to get me through the day. permalink parent award report block reply XLNutts 1 points 9 hours ago Congee. My son lived on that for a week when he wasn't feeling good at 2 years old. permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 17 points 17 hours ago This is the way...  Our child had a 101F fever once and my wife was a bit concerned and I reminded her that damage doesn't even begin to be a concern until like 103.5.  Even then, the body is under stress, but permanent damage isn't happening.  104/105 yeah, that's getting serious and you should intervene before it gets higher.  106/107, you're either nearly dead or dead.  That 101F temp was normal and just a result of teething. Even if you have a 102F/103F fever, SWEAT IT OUT!  Stay hydrated, drink electrolytes, monitor your temp, make sure someone is checking on you, but you'll probably be fine.  If it goes too high, then you can do ice packs in the armpits (brachial arteries) and crotch (femoral arteries) to lower temps. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 14 points 17 hours ago lol you’re like my dad. He would always tell us to have lots of warm water, and “sweat” or “pee” the virus out. He viewed microorganism infection as a type of “poison” but something our body can readily eliminate if we give our body a chance. You just reminded me of my dad. Your kids are lucky to have you! permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 11 points 17 hours ago Man, I love this.  I feel even dadder now. permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 14 points 17 hours ago lol you’re like my dad. He would always tell us to have lots of warm water, and “sweat” or “pee” the virus out. He viewed microorganism infection as a type of “poison” but something our body can readily eliminate if we give our body a chance. You just reminded me of my dad. Your kids are lucky to have you! permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 11 points 17 hours ago Man, I love this.  I feel even dadder now. permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 11 points 17 hours ago Man, I love this.  I feel even dadder now. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 8 points 17 hours ago You are not wrong. America is drug fvcked. permalink parent award report block reply
Overkillengine 6 points 14 hours ago My go to for a cold or flu is chicken soup and some form of electrolyte drink like gatorade zero or coconut water. I load up on those, then bundle up and usually manage to sweat the worst of the damn illness out overnight. The most medicine I usually let myself take is whatever level of decongestant if any is needed to ensure I can breath through my nose so that I don't dehydrate too fast while asleep. And even then I prefer to try only using a saline nasal spray first. Anything  Pseudoephedrine related tends to make me loopy as fuck and I don't like the feeling. Hits me worse than a stiff drink. If I have to resort to that stuff I call in sick because either way, I'm not going to be functional. permalink parent award report block reply
Nerdrem3 2 points 17 hours ago Yeah the only otc medicine I really take is cold medicine when I have more symptoms than just a stuffy nose or something. But I only take it if I have to go to work just to get me through the day. permalink parent award report block reply
XLNutts 1 points 9 hours ago Congee. My son lived on that for a week when he wasn't feeling good at 2 years old. permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago The 'conspiracy theory crowd' is literally just people who have done more research than others... permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago There are those that diligently pursue the truth and arrive at well-founded conclusions that go against the grain of conventional "wisdom", then there are those who hear the same thing repeated enough times on YouTube shorts and just believe it without any foundation other than repeat exposure and a general distrust of things.  I just didn't want to be the latter.  The former is a much longer and harder road that I think fewer people take. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 14 minutes ago That's a lie perpetuated by the mainstream/media that I sincerely hope you will see beyond one day. Each person has their own unique journey to the truth and if some arrive there in part through youtube shorts, I'm all about it. They're part of the team! To put it another way: very few people would willingly subject themselves to the ostracization and persecution that comes with being a "conspiracy theorist". Most NPCs just outright reject any new information. So someone who actually can change their mind, even if through repetition, has something within them that resonates with the truth. If they choose to believe the new information and subjugate themselves to societal ostracization in favor of the truth (even if its not a full understanding), then they are commendable people with a keen sense and intellect. Trust in God. He lives within us and gives us the eyes to see. permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago There are those that diligently pursue the truth and arrive at well-founded conclusions that go against the grain of conventional "wisdom", then there are those who hear the same thing repeated enough times on YouTube shorts and just believe it without any foundation other than repeat exposure and a general distrust of things.  I just didn't want to be the latter.  The former is a much longer and harder road that I think fewer people take. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 14 minutes ago That's a lie perpetuated by the mainstream/media that I sincerely hope you will see beyond one day. Each person has their own unique journey to the truth and if some arrive there in part through youtube shorts, I'm all about it. They're part of the team! To put it another way: very few people would willingly subject themselves to the ostracization and persecution that comes with being a "conspiracy theorist". Most NPCs just outright reject any new information. So someone who actually can change their mind, even if through repetition, has something within them that resonates with the truth. If they choose to believe the new information and subjugate themselves to societal ostracization in favor of the truth (even if its not a full understanding), then they are commendable people with a keen sense and intellect. Trust in God. He lives within us and gives us the eyes to see. permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 14 minutes ago That's a lie perpetuated by the mainstream/media that I sincerely hope you will see beyond one day. Each person has their own unique journey to the truth and if some arrive there in part through youtube shorts, I'm all about it. They're part of the team! To put it another way: very few people would willingly subject themselves to the ostracization and persecution that comes with being a "conspiracy theorist". Most NPCs just outright reject any new information. So someone who actually can change their mind, even if through repetition, has something within them that resonates with the truth. If they choose to believe the new information and subjugate themselves to societal ostracization in favor of the truth (even if its not a full understanding), then they are commendable people with a keen sense and intellect. Trust in God. He lives within us and gives us the eyes to see. permalink parent award report block reply
Informationinsider 5 points 10 hours ago Another great book is by Sherri J. Tenpenny
"Saying No to Vaccines: A Resource Guide for All Ages" Having read all these things years before covid was a big help. It'd blow your mind just how little doctors know about nutrition and vaccinology. The undereporting to VAERS is also alarming. The amount of injuries and adverse reactions from the flu/covid combo shot this year is like nothing I've ever seen. It's absolutely devastating the older folks. Some of them are dead within 10 minutes of getting it. permalink parent award report block reply Electrician 1 points 7 hours ago 10 minutes, really? Thats crazy. I haven’t been hearing much about the combo shot this year. Where did you see that information? Not saying I don’t believe you but just would like to do some further research permalink parent award report block reply
Electrician 1 points 7 hours ago 10 minutes, really? Thats crazy. I haven’t been hearing much about the combo shot this year. Where did you see that information? Not saying I don’t believe you but just would like to do some further research permalink parent award report block reply
ShadowInv -5 points 18 hours ago It’s evolution and it’s not perfect (cancer.) It is possible our planet was seeded by aliens. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 17 hours ago Lol, Earth is rare as fuuuuu Smell my phosphorus and G2V star ~delicious~ Oh what's that? Not a single star system remotely like ours? Oh my! What are we doing here? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 17 hours ago I'll give you that. Most stars we see are very far away. We find most planets like jupiter closer in. I believe thats because gas swirls closer to a star. Jupiters position now would have to happen late in formation. The question is how and what caused its movement. A brown dwarf might do it. Its theorized we have a unseen companion. We dont know and unlikely to know. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 4 points 17 hours ago Lol, Earth is rare as fuuuuu Smell my phosphorus and G2V star ~delicious~ Oh what's that? Not a single star system remotely like ours? Oh my! What are we doing here? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 17 hours ago I'll give you that. Most stars we see are very far away. We find most planets like jupiter closer in. I believe thats because gas swirls closer to a star. Jupiters position now would have to happen late in formation. The question is how and what caused its movement. A brown dwarf might do it. Its theorized we have a unseen companion. We dont know and unlikely to know. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 17 hours ago I'll give you that. Most stars we see are very far away. We find most planets like jupiter closer in. I believe thats because gas swirls closer to a star. Jupiters position now would have to happen late in formation. The question is how and what caused its movement. A brown dwarf might do it. Its theorized we have a unseen companion. We dont know and unlikely to know. permalink parent award report block reply
Tim_Berframer 22 points 18 hours ago Most disease comes out of a needle. permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 9 points 17 hours ago I think a lot of it comes out of China and San Francisco too.  Just saying. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 8 hours ago mental disease flows from the TV screen or twitter feed, as well. permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 17 hours ago DC takes the cake(boy)… permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 9 points 17 hours ago I think a lot of it comes out of China and San Francisco too.  Just saying. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 8 hours ago mental disease flows from the TV screen or twitter feed, as well. permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 17 hours ago DC takes the cake(boy)… permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 3 points 8 hours ago mental disease flows from the TV screen or twitter feed, as well. permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 2 points 17 hours ago DC takes the cake(boy)… permalink parent award report block reply
MacheteSanta 20 points 18 hours ago Here is the 1:40 hour source video INJECTING TRUTH INTO THE VACCINE DEBATE with Del Bigtree | EP 43 | Going Rogue with Lara Logan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bgDAo34x8Y permalink award report block reply
DeploraBen 11 points 18 hours ago Waiting on the "shocking" part. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 4 points 18 hours ago It's where the vaccine gave 1% of the injected brain zaps permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 4 points 18 hours ago It's where the vaccine gave 1% of the injected brain zaps permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 10 points 16 hours ago We are being genocided and replaced with half wit slaves. Globalists need to be attacked, in the streets. If the U.S. falls apart, the world is lost. Russia follows, and then the planet will be a rape colony forever. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago I noticed even elders with dementia can count change, and do mental math. But, not the young kids these days. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago I noticed even elders with dementia can count change, and do mental math. But, not the young kids these days. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 9 points 18 hours ago Sterilize, make sick, and kill is all part of the communist agenda. permalink award report block reply
ViagraFalls 9 points 18 hours ago A lot of chronic diseases come from a lack of minerals. Make sure you consume plant-derived minerals or fulvic acid. Other chronic diseases come from junk inputs such as seed oils, modern wheat (oats, barley, and rye can be a problem as well), and sugar overload. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 18 hours ago Like the Irish sea moss at thealexjonesstore dot com hehe permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 17 hours ago I think supplements for minerals are better at providing all of them and not just some of them. There’s about 60 minerals you need, some more than others. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 18 hours ago Like the Irish sea moss at thealexjonesstore dot com hehe permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 5 points 17 hours ago I think supplements for minerals are better at providing all of them and not just some of them. There’s about 60 minerals you need, some more than others. permalink parent award report block reply
ViagraFalls 5 points 17 hours ago I think supplements for minerals are better at providing all of them and not just some of them. There’s about 60 minerals you need, some more than others. permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 8 points 18 hours ago The only worthwhile vaccines are the ones with inactive virus. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 7 points 17 hours ago Attenuated. We learned this term during the Covid combine. permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 7 points 17 hours ago Attenuated. We learned this term during the Covid combine. permalink parent award report block reply
Testamernt 7 points 16 hours ago "Because it would end my career." career ended anyway lol get fucked.  People will be and are dying from this shit and he's worried about losing his job. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 3 points 13 hours ago kinda sounds like a line of bullshit doesn't it? permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 3 points 13 hours ago kinda sounds like a line of bullshit doesn't it? permalink parent award report block reply
Tcpsynack 6 points 9 hours ago Here's the study https://www.hsgac.senate.gov/wp-content/uploads/Entered-into-hearing-record-Impact-of-Childhood-Vaccination-on-Short-and-Long-Term-Chronic-Health-Outcomes-in-Children-A-Birth-Cohort-Study.pdf permalink award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 hours ago Great info. The only question I would have is if the unvaccinated group caught any of the diseases that the vaccinated group was vaccinated against.  Or a comparison of the numbers if the vaccinated group caught any of them too. permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 hours ago Great info. The only question I would have is if the unvaccinated group caught any of the diseases that the vaccinated group was vaccinated against.  Or a comparison of the numbers if the vaccinated group caught any of them too. permalink parent award report block reply
AccelerateAlready 6 points 17 hours ago "Damn, I guess you win.  But, we are still making them take it right?" permalink award report block reply
603taco 5 points 18 hours ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvEuMMAafF8 Link for film permalink award report block reply
cyberrigger 4 points 16 hours ago Doctors baffled. permalink award report block reply
DiamondDroid 4 points 16 hours ago Shocking results? Maybe to retards. permalink award report block reply
Grond999 3 points 13 hours ago Yup..the corruption and deception flowing from the tentacles of Big Pharma and their "experts" is endless. Del Bigtree is doing a great job. permalink award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 16 hours ago The Globalist agenda, to us in America, is kind of what happened to some nice Indonesian islanders that were not willing to deal their spices only to the Dutch East India Company, the VOC. Cohen, the VOC's man in the region, ordered a genocide of the natives. He imported slaves to take their place on the island. So, what is happening is this: the whole suburbia/mass motoring highways debt ponzi scheme ran its course, oh roundabout 1971 in 1971, we started getting dismantled, and China was stood up as the finished goods factory of the world now that China can make everything needed, and relies entirely on imported resources through Globalist systems, they dont need us anymore so, Mr Cohen shows up ... and now you know how the rest of the story goes. permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 3 points 18 hours ago Trojan Horse. Old trick, but it works. permalink award report block reply
TGNX 3 points 15 hours ago And there's probably a lot more in there than just the 2.5 X conclusion, both in support of vaccinating and NOT vaccinating, but it likely goes against the pharmaceutical companies bottom line. permalink award report block reply
RoughBoy 3 points 15 hours ago Vaccinated against what exactly? permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 8 hours ago Thanks for the link! The Bottom line: "The overall probability of being free
of a chronic health condition at 10-years of follow up was 43% in the group exposed to vaccination and
83% in the unexposed group. Conclusion: This study found that exposure to vaccination was independently associated with an overall
2.5-fold increase in the likelihood of developing a chronic health condition..." permalink award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 18 hours ago An inconvenient study dot com permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 9 hours ago How else to create new customers for pediatricians, oncologists etc? permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 9 hours ago The healthiest person I ever met was completely unvaccinated. I remember wishing I had met someone completely unvaccinated before I had kids. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 8 hours ago It almost seems that the AMA and the pols want your children to be dumb and, as quickly as possible, dead. permalink parent award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 3 points 8 hours ago It almost seems that the AMA and the pols want your children to be dumb and, as quickly as possible, dead. permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 2 points 18 hours ago I hope bigtree sues if they don't pay him permalink award report block reply
grassshrimp 2 points 15 hours ago Careers are ended for sharing the truth.  Scientific proof. We live in a clown world. permalink award report block reply
Yawnz13 1 points 17 hours ago If this was true, dude would've published the study himself pro bono. permalink award report block reply
SkullE 1 points 7 hours ago The Scientist said he’d loose his job if he told the truth. permalink award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin 0 points 18 hours ago Trump is still pro vax. And pro H1B. People on X who usually lick his balls - are currently ripping him to shreds. It's goin' great. permalink award report block reply ImportantPerson 2 points 18 hours ago Most people here are pro-vax but are against certain vaccines and want to keep testing ALL vaccines. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 7 points 16 hours ago Keep testing??  Zero vaccines on the childhood immunization schedule have been subject to a double blind placebo clinical trial....zero. permalink parent award report block reply ImportantPerson 2 points 15 hours ago Yes, keep testing.  Do you not fucking understand english?  I can't dumb this down any more. You cite ONE FUCKING STUDY and then pretend that EVERY OTHER STUDY goes away because of it.  That's not how science works.  When you have conflicting studies, YOU KEEP TESTING.  You don't ignore one study or another study.  You don't pick and choose which studies are true or not arbitrarily. If you want to actually be useful instead of an embarassment, then start paying attention to who is desperately trying to make this study go away and shine a spotlight on them.  Make it about how they are suppressing the study and don't let them claim they didn't suppress it.  Don't let them deflect away from the study under false pretenses of bias.  Do that rather than some stupid fucking tirade against all vaccines, especially when you are making some of the most retarded arguments ever. permalink parent award report block reply Hattmall 1 points 16 hours ago Eh, you don't really need a double blind trial in this situation. It would for the most part be pretty unethical to have a placebo group for a childhood vaccine. We can compare efficacy by simply comparing to un-vaccinated population in other areas or years prior. A double blind trial would really only be used to compare a new vaccine to an existing standard one. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 3 points 16 hours ago Umm, a study comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated was exactly what this documentary was about.  If was performed using data from the Henry Ford Health Institute.  They never published because it showed a 2.5 times increase in disease in the vaccinated group thus the name of the documentary An Inconvenient Study. permalink parent award report block reply
ImportantPerson 2 points 18 hours ago Most people here are pro-vax but are against certain vaccines and want to keep testing ALL vaccines. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 7 points 16 hours ago Keep testing??  Zero vaccines on the childhood immunization schedule have been subject to a double blind placebo clinical trial....zero. permalink parent award report block reply ImportantPerson 2 points 15 hours ago Yes, keep testing.  Do you not fucking understand english?  I can't dumb this down any more. You cite ONE FUCKING STUDY and then pretend that EVERY OTHER STUDY goes away because of it.  That's not how science works.  When you have conflicting studies, YOU KEEP TESTING.  You don't ignore one study or another study.  You don't pick and choose which studies are true or not arbitrarily. If you want to actually be useful instead of an embarassment, then start paying attention to who is desperately trying to make this study go away and shine a spotlight on them.  Make it about how they are suppressing the study and don't let them claim they didn't suppress it.  Don't let them deflect away from the study under false pretenses of bias.  Do that rather than some stupid fucking tirade against all vaccines, especially when you are making some of the most retarded arguments ever. permalink parent award report block reply Hattmall 1 points 16 hours ago Eh, you don't really need a double blind trial in this situation. It would for the most part be pretty unethical to have a placebo group for a childhood vaccine. We can compare efficacy by simply comparing to un-vaccinated population in other areas or years prior. A double blind trial would really only be used to compare a new vaccine to an existing standard one. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 3 points 16 hours ago Umm, a study comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated was exactly what this documentary was about.  If was performed using data from the Henry Ford Health Institute.  They never published because it showed a 2.5 times increase in disease in the vaccinated group thus the name of the documentary An Inconvenient Study. permalink parent award report block reply
PoohBearBalloon 7 points 16 hours ago Keep testing??  Zero vaccines on the childhood immunization schedule have been subject to a double blind placebo clinical trial....zero. permalink parent award report block reply ImportantPerson 2 points 15 hours ago Yes, keep testing.  Do you not fucking understand english?  I can't dumb this down any more. You cite ONE FUCKING STUDY and then pretend that EVERY OTHER STUDY goes away because of it.  That's not how science works.  When you have conflicting studies, YOU KEEP TESTING.  You don't ignore one study or another study.  You don't pick and choose which studies are true or not arbitrarily. If you want to actually be useful instead of an embarassment, then start paying attention to who is desperately trying to make this study go away and shine a spotlight on them.  Make it about how they are suppressing the study and don't let them claim they didn't suppress it.  Don't let them deflect away from the study under false pretenses of bias.  Do that rather than some stupid fucking tirade against all vaccines, especially when you are making some of the most retarded arguments ever. permalink parent award report block reply Hattmall 1 points 16 hours ago Eh, you don't really need a double blind trial in this situation. It would for the most part be pretty unethical to have a placebo group for a childhood vaccine. We can compare efficacy by simply comparing to un-vaccinated population in other areas or years prior. A double blind trial would really only be used to compare a new vaccine to an existing standard one. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 3 points 16 hours ago Umm, a study comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated was exactly what this documentary was about.  If was performed using data from the Henry Ford Health Institute.  They never published because it showed a 2.5 times increase in disease in the vaccinated group thus the name of the documentary An Inconvenient Study. permalink parent award report block reply
ImportantPerson 2 points 15 hours ago Yes, keep testing.  Do you not fucking understand english?  I can't dumb this down any more. You cite ONE FUCKING STUDY and then pretend that EVERY OTHER STUDY goes away because of it.  That's not how science works.  When you have conflicting studies, YOU KEEP TESTING.  You don't ignore one study or another study.  You don't pick and choose which studies are true or not arbitrarily. If you want to actually be useful instead of an embarassment, then start paying attention to who is desperately trying to make this study go away and shine a spotlight on them.  Make it about how they are suppressing the study and don't let them claim they didn't suppress it.  Don't let them deflect away from the study under false pretenses of bias.  Do that rather than some stupid fucking tirade against all vaccines, especially when you are making some of the most retarded arguments ever. permalink parent award report block reply
Hattmall 1 points 16 hours ago Eh, you don't really need a double blind trial in this situation. It would for the most part be pretty unethical to have a placebo group for a childhood vaccine. We can compare efficacy by simply comparing to un-vaccinated population in other areas or years prior. A double blind trial would really only be used to compare a new vaccine to an existing standard one. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 3 points 16 hours ago Umm, a study comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated was exactly what this documentary was about.  If was performed using data from the Henry Ford Health Institute.  They never published because it showed a 2.5 times increase in disease in the vaccinated group thus the name of the documentary An Inconvenient Study. permalink parent award report block reply
PoohBearBalloon 3 points 16 hours ago Umm, a study comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated was exactly what this documentary was about.  If was performed using data from the Henry Ford Health Institute.  They never published because it showed a 2.5 times increase in disease in the vaccinated group thus the name of the documentary An Inconvenient Study. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpy_Bear -1 points 18 hours ago Could this do with the populations? Did the unvax group include Amish people? (Amish people have had higher death rates and thus evolutionary pressure towards healthier individuals) permalink award report block reply vongregormench 3 points 13 hours ago That would be a terrible study if it was just the Amish vs random US population. You'd have all kinds of unknown variables using just a small socially isolated population as a comparison. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 3 points 13 hours ago That would be a terrible study if it was just the Amish vs random US population. You'd have all kinds of unknown variables using just a small socially isolated population as a comparison. permalink parent award report block reply
Neversurrender123 -28 points 18 hours ago Fuck this anti vax nonsense off, we look so stupid pushing and sticking this bullshit. Vaccines were given by God  to save humanity, ya'll are stupid. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 11 points 18 hours ago The only worthwhile vaccines are the ones with inactive virus. There are far too many synthetic vaccines that contain heavy metals and bioengineered proteins. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 2 points 17 hours ago Definitely agree with this one, this is an important distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Thricefucked 7 points 18 hours ago You sound vaccinated. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago I am, as is most of the world. permalink parent award report block reply Thricefucked 0 points 15 hours ago Gross, time for a booster maybe? permalink parent award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 4 points 18 hours ago Yeah.  Maybe if your "god" is Satan that is. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 -2 points 17 hours ago Nope, do 1 second of research please, not youtube videos or confirmation bias. permalink parent award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 0 points 5 hours ago I'll put my 4 academic degrees and 43 years of pharma and biologics industry experience up against anything you think you know any day of the week, chum. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 1 points 4 hours ago Well, since you’re here and begging for questions, can I get a tetanus shot or has it been fully ruined by combination shots? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 18 hours ago Kathy Hotchul what are you doing here? permalink parent award report block reply RexCollumSilvarum 3 points 17 hours ago Vaccines were given by God to save humanity, ya'll are stupid. There are vaccines that were designed to prevent disease, and they work. There are "vaccines" designed to do things other than prevent disease, and powerful people have spent a lot of time and money indoctrinating the public into thinking that these are the same thing as the ones mentioned above. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago Yes definitely agree with this. permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments...
HillarysFUPA 11 points 18 hours ago The only worthwhile vaccines are the ones with inactive virus. There are far too many synthetic vaccines that contain heavy metals and bioengineered proteins. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 2 points 17 hours ago Definitely agree with this one, this is an important distinction. permalink parent award report block reply
Neversurrender123 2 points 17 hours ago Definitely agree with this one, this is an important distinction. permalink parent award report block reply
Thricefucked 7 points 18 hours ago You sound vaccinated. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago I am, as is most of the world. permalink parent award report block reply Thricefucked 0 points 15 hours ago Gross, time for a booster maybe? permalink parent award report block reply
Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago I am, as is most of the world. permalink parent award report block reply Thricefucked 0 points 15 hours ago Gross, time for a booster maybe? permalink parent award report block reply
Thricefucked 0 points 15 hours ago Gross, time for a booster maybe? permalink parent award report block reply
My2SonsAreMarines 4 points 18 hours ago Yeah.  Maybe if your "god" is Satan that is. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 -2 points 17 hours ago Nope, do 1 second of research please, not youtube videos or confirmation bias. permalink parent award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 0 points 5 hours ago I'll put my 4 academic degrees and 43 years of pharma and biologics industry experience up against anything you think you know any day of the week, chum. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 1 points 4 hours ago Well, since you’re here and begging for questions, can I get a tetanus shot or has it been fully ruined by combination shots? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Neversurrender123 -2 points 17 hours ago Nope, do 1 second of research please, not youtube videos or confirmation bias. permalink parent award report block reply My2SonsAreMarines 0 points 5 hours ago I'll put my 4 academic degrees and 43 years of pharma and biologics industry experience up against anything you think you know any day of the week, chum. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 1 points 4 hours ago Well, since you’re here and begging for questions, can I get a tetanus shot or has it been fully ruined by combination shots? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
My2SonsAreMarines 0 points 5 hours ago I'll put my 4 academic degrees and 43 years of pharma and biologics industry experience up against anything you think you know any day of the week, chum. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 1 points 4 hours ago Well, since you’re here and begging for questions, can I get a tetanus shot or has it been fully ruined by combination shots? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Atruckdriver 1 points 4 hours ago Well, since you’re here and begging for questions, can I get a tetanus shot or has it been fully ruined by combination shots? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 18 hours ago Kathy Hotchul what are you doing here? permalink parent award report block reply
RexCollumSilvarum 3 points 17 hours ago Vaccines were given by God to save humanity, ya'll are stupid. There are vaccines that were designed to prevent disease, and they work. There are "vaccines" designed to do things other than prevent disease, and powerful people have spent a lot of time and money indoctrinating the public into thinking that these are the same thing as the ones mentioned above. permalink parent award report block reply Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago Yes definitely agree with this. permalink parent award report block reply
Neversurrender123 0 points 17 hours ago Yes definitely agree with this. permalink parent award report block reply