83 UNLIMITED H-VISAS, 50YR MORTGAGES, POOP SLINGING FESTIVALS, 600K CCP STUDENTS, DUAL CITIZENSHIP IN GOVERNMENT...WTH IS WRONG WITH POTUS? posted 9 hours ago by Psalm-118_24 25 comments award share download report block
25 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget hilboggins 14 points 9 hours ago He turned into a low energy fgt permalink award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 7 hours ago What does Trump have to do with indian poop slinging? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 11 minutes ago H1b=poop slingers coming to a neighborhood near you. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 9 minutes ago "Nothing" would have been shorter and more accurate. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 7 hours ago What is Trump supposed to do about "dual citizenship in the government?" permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Just looking for him to, at least, not be afraid to bring up the issue and identify to the public at large who actually has dual citizenship. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 7 hours ago So what do you mean by unlimited H1bs, thats not actually happening, is it? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago What does allowing 600k chinese students in prevent you from doing? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 0 points 8 minutes ago We don't need ccp in the country at all. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 5 minutes ago "Nothing" again, got it. I dont want them here either, but he cant just bar all Chinese visas, not even scotus would allow that. So you putting it at his feet shows how ignorant you are. permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 1 minute ago CCP is our enemy, SCOTUS has no authority over POTUS keeping out the enemy.  Thanks for your input. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -5 points 8 hours ago That would be the users of this site. Bunch of chicken littles, and npcs who got their programming update. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 3 points 7 hours ago All you do is shill for Israel and America last policies. Too bad you are too retarded to see that no one is buying what you are trying to sell. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago All you do is bitch about things you dont understand in the first place, and sell retarded incoherent dooming, like an npc media brainwashed faggot. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 8 hours ago Scam Blondi... the list goes on and on permalink award report block reply friarfox 5 points 8 hours ago 5d chess, two more weeks, under advisement, Americans are dumber than H1B imports, etc etc etc. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go -1 points 8 hours ago LOOK AT ME I'M A MAGATARRRRRRRRRRD!! permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 3 points 8 hours ago make establishment great again permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 1 points 9 hours ago So new H1b visa's require a $100,000 application fee.  And hoping more limitations are coming. a 50 year mortgage is really not that advantageous.... Trump will figure that out - but at least he is talking about it.  The solution is continuing to lower Mortgage Rates, down about .75% this year.  (the Fed is trying to harm Trump politically by slowing the Economy) That 600k CCP/Foreign student thing is actually only HALF OF WHAT WE HAVE TODAY " As of the 2023/24 academic year, there were 1,126,690 international students enrolled at U.S. colleges and universities " - because I think Trump made agreements with a host of Universities to END DEI on campus -  IS THAT A WIN.... I will need more details. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 6 points 8 hours ago This is what we call cope. permalink parent award report block reply Cville123 1 points 7 hours ago Sad permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaRichAgain -13 points 9 hours ago You guys are dumb fucks that dont understand politics. Now is the time you do all the unpopular but necessary shit so you have time to recover before midterms. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 7 points 9 hours ago According to faggots like you, it's always the time to cuck out and achieve the left's (or zionist's) goals. Trust the plan! permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 6 points 8 hours ago Trust Sessions!! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 4 points 8 hours ago Don't forget to trust Wray. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
hilboggins 14 points 9 hours ago He turned into a low energy fgt permalink award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 7 hours ago What does Trump have to do with indian poop slinging? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 11 minutes ago H1b=poop slingers coming to a neighborhood near you. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 9 minutes ago "Nothing" would have been shorter and more accurate. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 7 hours ago What is Trump supposed to do about "dual citizenship in the government?" permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Just looking for him to, at least, not be afraid to bring up the issue and identify to the public at large who actually has dual citizenship. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 7 hours ago So what do you mean by unlimited H1bs, thats not actually happening, is it? permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago What does allowing 600k chinese students in prevent you from doing? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 0 points 8 minutes ago We don't need ccp in the country at all. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 5 minutes ago "Nothing" again, got it. I dont want them here either, but he cant just bar all Chinese visas, not even scotus would allow that. So you putting it at his feet shows how ignorant you are. permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 1 minute ago CCP is our enemy, SCOTUS has no authority over POTUS keeping out the enemy.  Thanks for your input. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -5 points 8 hours ago That would be the users of this site. Bunch of chicken littles, and npcs who got their programming update. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 3 points 7 hours ago All you do is shill for Israel and America last policies. Too bad you are too retarded to see that no one is buying what you are trying to sell. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago All you do is bitch about things you dont understand in the first place, and sell retarded incoherent dooming, like an npc media brainwashed faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 1 points 7 hours ago What does Trump have to do with indian poop slinging? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 11 minutes ago H1b=poop slingers coming to a neighborhood near you. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 9 minutes ago "Nothing" would have been shorter and more accurate. permalink parent award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 11 minutes ago H1b=poop slingers coming to a neighborhood near you. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 9 minutes ago "Nothing" would have been shorter and more accurate. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 1 points 9 minutes ago "Nothing" would have been shorter and more accurate. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 1 points 7 hours ago What is Trump supposed to do about "dual citizenship in the government?" permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Just looking for him to, at least, not be afraid to bring up the issue and identify to the public at large who actually has dual citizenship. permalink parent award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Just looking for him to, at least, not be afraid to bring up the issue and identify to the public at large who actually has dual citizenship. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 0 points 7 hours ago So what do you mean by unlimited H1bs, thats not actually happening, is it? permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago What does allowing 600k chinese students in prevent you from doing? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 0 points 8 minutes ago We don't need ccp in the country at all. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 5 minutes ago "Nothing" again, got it. I dont want them here either, but he cant just bar all Chinese visas, not even scotus would allow that. So you putting it at his feet shows how ignorant you are. permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 1 minute ago CCP is our enemy, SCOTUS has no authority over POTUS keeping out the enemy.  Thanks for your input. permalink parent award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 OP 0 points 8 minutes ago We don't need ccp in the country at all. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 5 minutes ago "Nothing" again, got it. I dont want them here either, but he cant just bar all Chinese visas, not even scotus would allow that. So you putting it at his feet shows how ignorant you are. permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 1 minute ago CCP is our enemy, SCOTUS has no authority over POTUS keeping out the enemy.  Thanks for your input. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 1 points 5 minutes ago "Nothing" again, got it. I dont want them here either, but he cant just bar all Chinese visas, not even scotus would allow that. So you putting it at his feet shows how ignorant you are. permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 1 minute ago CCP is our enemy, SCOTUS has no authority over POTUS keeping out the enemy.  Thanks for your input. permalink parent award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 OP 1 points 1 minute ago CCP is our enemy, SCOTUS has no authority over POTUS keeping out the enemy.  Thanks for your input. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut -5 points 8 hours ago That would be the users of this site. Bunch of chicken littles, and npcs who got their programming update. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 3 points 7 hours ago All you do is shill for Israel and America last policies. Too bad you are too retarded to see that no one is buying what you are trying to sell. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago All you do is bitch about things you dont understand in the first place, and sell retarded incoherent dooming, like an npc media brainwashed faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 3 points 7 hours ago All you do is shill for Israel and America last policies. Too bad you are too retarded to see that no one is buying what you are trying to sell. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago All you do is bitch about things you dont understand in the first place, and sell retarded incoherent dooming, like an npc media brainwashed faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut -1 points 7 hours ago All you do is bitch about things you dont understand in the first place, and sell retarded incoherent dooming, like an npc media brainwashed faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 5 points 8 hours ago Scam Blondi... the list goes on and on permalink award report block reply
friarfox 5 points 8 hours ago 5d chess, two more weeks, under advisement, Americans are dumber than H1B imports, etc etc etc. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go -1 points 8 hours ago LOOK AT ME I'M A MAGATARRRRRRRRRRD!! permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go -1 points 8 hours ago LOOK AT ME I'M A MAGATARRRRRRRRRRD!! permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 3 points 8 hours ago make establishment great again permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 1 points 9 hours ago So new H1b visa's require a $100,000 application fee.  And hoping more limitations are coming. a 50 year mortgage is really not that advantageous.... Trump will figure that out - but at least he is talking about it.  The solution is continuing to lower Mortgage Rates, down about .75% this year.  (the Fed is trying to harm Trump politically by slowing the Economy) That 600k CCP/Foreign student thing is actually only HALF OF WHAT WE HAVE TODAY " As of the 2023/24 academic year, there were 1,126,690 international students enrolled at U.S. colleges and universities " - because I think Trump made agreements with a host of Universities to END DEI on campus -  IS THAT A WIN.... I will need more details. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 6 points 8 hours ago This is what we call cope. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 6 points 8 hours ago This is what we call cope. permalink parent award report block reply
Cville123 1 points 7 hours ago Sad permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaRichAgain -13 points 9 hours ago You guys are dumb fucks that dont understand politics. Now is the time you do all the unpopular but necessary shit so you have time to recover before midterms. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 7 points 9 hours ago According to faggots like you, it's always the time to cuck out and achieve the left's (or zionist's) goals. Trust the plan! permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 6 points 8 hours ago Trust Sessions!! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 4 points 8 hours ago Don't forget to trust Wray. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 7 points 9 hours ago According to faggots like you, it's always the time to cuck out and achieve the left's (or zionist's) goals. Trust the plan! permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 6 points 8 hours ago Trust Sessions!! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 4 points 8 hours ago Don't forget to trust Wray. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 6 points 8 hours ago Trust Sessions!! permalink parent award report block reply starjello 4 points 8 hours ago Don't forget to trust Wray. permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 4 points 8 hours ago Don't forget to trust Wray. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply