533 “It was always the women, and above all the young ones, who were the most bigoted adherents of the Party, the swallowers of slogans, the amateur spies and nosers-out of unorthodoxy”

- George Orwell, 1984 posted 7 days ago by kek_saved_the_world 37 comments award share download report block
37 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style PhantomShield72 16 points 7 days ago R E P E A L T H E 1 9 T H A M E N D M E N T permalink award report block reply Totsugeki 4 points 7 days ago The Repeal the 19th crowd was nowhere to be found last night. I voted last night. I didn't see a single other man the entire time I was in line or filling out my ballot. The poll workers were women. Every single voter I saw was a woman. There were just no men. Don't blame the women for the men being too lazy to get off their butts and vote in the same numbers they do. permalink parent award report block reply PhantomShield72 2 points 7 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 -1 points 7 days ago You’re not wrong. We know women vote more than men, but it’s probably because the men are busier working and so they don’t feel they have time to go the polls. I also think that it’s the same reason women are more likely to be social activists. Women rarely accomplish things physically, economically, politically, etc. meaning most of people who truly move society forward are men. Women will take part in social activism because it allows them to feel useful in a society where they are otherwise useless. permalink parent award report block reply Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago What a load of shit. The polls are open 8 am to 8 pm. If a full-time working man can't find a half-hour in there to vote, then it's laziness, not a time constraint, that's stopping him from voting. And that's before discussing the Early Voting and mail-in options. And surely there are a handful of retired or unemployed men in my voting district who could spend a day working the polls instead of leaving it to the women. The Repeal the 19th crowd are looking for any excuse they can to justify their own laziness and it is pathetic. They are such losers that they would rather blame women for every single problem in the world than get off their ass for an hour once a year to cast a vote (because God forbid we expect men to actually work a polling station or run a "get out the vote" drive to get other men to the polls). permalink parent award report block reply jiujiujiu 2 points 7 days ago Women are higher in neuroticism and thus are more susceptible to feeling negative emotions. Negative emotions sure can get you to go vote. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 3 points 7 days ago It will never happen peacefully. Asking a woman to repeal the 19th is like asking congress to give themselves a pay cut. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 7 days ago It could happen with super majorities in congress that exist mostly of men. The men could easily just vote away the rights of women. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 1 points 7 days ago You can't just vote away a constitutional amendment.  To repeal, you basically have to pass another amendment.  Which is a tall order. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago First of all, my previous comment still applies, women get their rights from men, we can just as easily take them away without any approval from women. You just need mentoring enough to do it. Second, nobody said you have to do legally either. A dictatorship can just do what it wants. It doesn’t need a piece of paper for approval. It will just throw you in jail if you disapprove. permalink parent award report block reply AnnieMm 7 points 7 days ago Sad retards. permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 5 points 7 days ago Feminism needs to be torched. What do we expect? Their matriarch bit the apple. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply MAGA9428 4 points 7 days ago Young women are fucking hopeless. And people wonder why I am strongly considering marrying a foreign wife instead of an American bitch. Most of the young women in this country are perverted, slutty, feminist scum. permalink award report block reply Kholland65 6 points 7 days ago Yeah I just don’t date. I find 90% of women to be fucking awful insufferable human beings. I don’t like the way women act, I don’t like how they think, I don’t like how they vote, I don’t like the way they behave or talk. The only thing I like about women is having sex with them. I can be honest with myself about that. That’s really the only reason deep down that I even waste time thinking about women. To me being married to a women is like torture. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA9428 3 points 7 days ago I seem to love them and hate them at the same time. I can't stand how dishonest they are. How they prefer comfortable lies over the truth. I can't stand how enslaved they are to groupthink and conformity. I hate how many of them have masochistic tendencies. I hate how many of them are feminists, straight up. I can't stand how they seem to be attracted to and worship THE WORST MEN in society. I hate how loyalty seems to mean nothing to most of them. They have no concept of gratitude, commitment, or duty. But at the same time... I love when women are sweet and nurturing. I love when they act cute and playful. I love how expressive they can be. I really do think they are better teachers then men are because they're more patient and better at using positive reinforcement whereas male teachers really are overly critical and harsh. I love how adorable they are when they really are in love with a guy. Their love, when its actually real, is so all consuming and powerful that it's incredible. And yes, they are beautiful, they smell good, their skin is soft, and their voices sound pretty. My problem with young American women is that they think all the things I tend to love about women are shameful traits to discard while all the things I can't stand are "empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago All the benefits you listed I can get from a dog which is less work. And as a someone who was a teacher at a university for a time and has 4 degrees, there is no correlation between gender and teaching ability. Everything you mentioned that women supposedly provide has very little tangible value to me. Again I just want sex. I really don’t care about getting anything else from a woman. As far as the stuff I hate. You absolutely hit the nail on the head. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago Dude move to the south and go to church. There are good women down here. I’m blessed beyond belief with my conservative Christian wife. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago I lived there for 10yrs. It’s not better, the chicks down there are so psychotically religious that they practically masturbate to the Bible. It’s just the other side of the same coin. Same vapid and useless women just dressed up differently who can’t think for themselves so they let their religion do it for them. I don’t want a religious woman. It cramps my style and i hate going to church with a passion, so any woman who puts religion as central part of her life is not someone I have any interest in being with because religion is not something that is important to me or central in my life in anyway shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago I’ll be praying for you man. A good woman is like a ruby; rare and precious. You’re looking for something im not sure exists. Nothing but love to you and your journey! permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... highenergywinning 2 points 7 days ago We've been living in orwells 1984 for a long time permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 7 days ago As long as the sugary treats are available then it's all good. permalink award report block reply BenDoverAssho 1 points 7 days ago When Sharia Law is established, all if that is going to change. As a man, maybe living under the Caliphate isn't such a bad situation after all. Imagine a world with no Semites, sexual perverts, Communists, and feminists. permalink award report block reply 9999999999 5 points 7 days ago The problem with Sharia law is its just Democrat rule with more goat fucking. The people in charge make arbitrary laws and can enforce them (or not) against whoever they want. Good government is small government. The catch is the community needs to strongly vet newcomers since there's no government really doing it. permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 7 days ago Islamics love sex with boys, they are sexual perverts, rapists, murderers, goatfuckers, donkeyfuckers, and no Christian or Jew will want to live under that rule. permalink parent award report block reply BenDoverAssho 3 points 7 days ago True! permalink parent award report block reply YT45 4 points 7 days ago Sexual perversion is rampant in muz societies.  Mohammed was a pedo. permalink parent award report block reply Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago No bacon or alcohol, either. permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 7 days ago Yes. They are under mind control by Government, Academia, and the Media and we collectively have a Duty to put an end to that. permalink award report block reply 9999999999 1 points 7 days ago Every amendment after the 12th was a mistake. permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 1 points 7 days ago How did he know all these facts back then? permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 -1 points 7 days ago Gen Z fucked us again. Us boomers are going to have to save America... for a 3rd time. permalink award report block reply Kholland65 3 points 7 days ago Actually boomers are the most left leaning age demographic. Gen Z is the most right leaning. NYC is a microcosm of the greater population. Everyone is a fucking liberal in that city. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 6 days ago This is peak retard folks. permalink parent award report block reply
PhantomShield72 16 points 7 days ago R E P E A L T H E 1 9 T H A M E N D M E N T permalink award report block reply Totsugeki 4 points 7 days ago The Repeal the 19th crowd was nowhere to be found last night. I voted last night. I didn't see a single other man the entire time I was in line or filling out my ballot. The poll workers were women. Every single voter I saw was a woman. There were just no men. Don't blame the women for the men being too lazy to get off their butts and vote in the same numbers they do. permalink parent award report block reply PhantomShield72 2 points 7 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 -1 points 7 days ago You’re not wrong. We know women vote more than men, but it’s probably because the men are busier working and so they don’t feel they have time to go the polls. I also think that it’s the same reason women are more likely to be social activists. Women rarely accomplish things physically, economically, politically, etc. meaning most of people who truly move society forward are men. Women will take part in social activism because it allows them to feel useful in a society where they are otherwise useless. permalink parent award report block reply Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago What a load of shit. The polls are open 8 am to 8 pm. If a full-time working man can't find a half-hour in there to vote, then it's laziness, not a time constraint, that's stopping him from voting. And that's before discussing the Early Voting and mail-in options. And surely there are a handful of retired or unemployed men in my voting district who could spend a day working the polls instead of leaving it to the women. The Repeal the 19th crowd are looking for any excuse they can to justify their own laziness and it is pathetic. They are such losers that they would rather blame women for every single problem in the world than get off their ass for an hour once a year to cast a vote (because God forbid we expect men to actually work a polling station or run a "get out the vote" drive to get other men to the polls). permalink parent award report block reply jiujiujiu 2 points 7 days ago Women are higher in neuroticism and thus are more susceptible to feeling negative emotions. Negative emotions sure can get you to go vote. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 3 points 7 days ago It will never happen peacefully. Asking a woman to repeal the 19th is like asking congress to give themselves a pay cut. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 7 days ago It could happen with super majorities in congress that exist mostly of men. The men could easily just vote away the rights of women. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 1 points 7 days ago You can't just vote away a constitutional amendment.  To repeal, you basically have to pass another amendment.  Which is a tall order. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago First of all, my previous comment still applies, women get their rights from men, we can just as easily take them away without any approval from women. You just need mentoring enough to do it. Second, nobody said you have to do legally either. A dictatorship can just do what it wants. It doesn’t need a piece of paper for approval. It will just throw you in jail if you disapprove. permalink parent award report block reply
Totsugeki 4 points 7 days ago The Repeal the 19th crowd was nowhere to be found last night. I voted last night. I didn't see a single other man the entire time I was in line or filling out my ballot. The poll workers were women. Every single voter I saw was a woman. There were just no men. Don't blame the women for the men being too lazy to get off their butts and vote in the same numbers they do. permalink parent award report block reply PhantomShield72 2 points 7 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 -1 points 7 days ago You’re not wrong. We know women vote more than men, but it’s probably because the men are busier working and so they don’t feel they have time to go the polls. I also think that it’s the same reason women are more likely to be social activists. Women rarely accomplish things physically, economically, politically, etc. meaning most of people who truly move society forward are men. Women will take part in social activism because it allows them to feel useful in a society where they are otherwise useless. permalink parent award report block reply Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago What a load of shit. The polls are open 8 am to 8 pm. If a full-time working man can't find a half-hour in there to vote, then it's laziness, not a time constraint, that's stopping him from voting. And that's before discussing the Early Voting and mail-in options. And surely there are a handful of retired or unemployed men in my voting district who could spend a day working the polls instead of leaving it to the women. The Repeal the 19th crowd are looking for any excuse they can to justify their own laziness and it is pathetic. They are such losers that they would rather blame women for every single problem in the world than get off their ass for an hour once a year to cast a vote (because God forbid we expect men to actually work a polling station or run a "get out the vote" drive to get other men to the polls). permalink parent award report block reply jiujiujiu 2 points 7 days ago Women are higher in neuroticism and thus are more susceptible to feeling negative emotions. Negative emotions sure can get you to go vote. permalink parent award report block reply
PhantomShield72 2 points 7 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply
Kholland65 -1 points 7 days ago You’re not wrong. We know women vote more than men, but it’s probably because the men are busier working and so they don’t feel they have time to go the polls. I also think that it’s the same reason women are more likely to be social activists. Women rarely accomplish things physically, economically, politically, etc. meaning most of people who truly move society forward are men. Women will take part in social activism because it allows them to feel useful in a society where they are otherwise useless. permalink parent award report block reply Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago What a load of shit. The polls are open 8 am to 8 pm. If a full-time working man can't find a half-hour in there to vote, then it's laziness, not a time constraint, that's stopping him from voting. And that's before discussing the Early Voting and mail-in options. And surely there are a handful of retired or unemployed men in my voting district who could spend a day working the polls instead of leaving it to the women. The Repeal the 19th crowd are looking for any excuse they can to justify their own laziness and it is pathetic. They are such losers that they would rather blame women for every single problem in the world than get off their ass for an hour once a year to cast a vote (because God forbid we expect men to actually work a polling station or run a "get out the vote" drive to get other men to the polls). permalink parent award report block reply jiujiujiu 2 points 7 days ago Women are higher in neuroticism and thus are more susceptible to feeling negative emotions. Negative emotions sure can get you to go vote. permalink parent award report block reply
Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago What a load of shit. The polls are open 8 am to 8 pm. If a full-time working man can't find a half-hour in there to vote, then it's laziness, not a time constraint, that's stopping him from voting. And that's before discussing the Early Voting and mail-in options. And surely there are a handful of retired or unemployed men in my voting district who could spend a day working the polls instead of leaving it to the women. The Repeal the 19th crowd are looking for any excuse they can to justify their own laziness and it is pathetic. They are such losers that they would rather blame women for every single problem in the world than get off their ass for an hour once a year to cast a vote (because God forbid we expect men to actually work a polling station or run a "get out the vote" drive to get other men to the polls). permalink parent award report block reply
jiujiujiu 2 points 7 days ago Women are higher in neuroticism and thus are more susceptible to feeling negative emotions. Negative emotions sure can get you to go vote. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 3 points 7 days ago It will never happen peacefully. Asking a woman to repeal the 19th is like asking congress to give themselves a pay cut. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 7 days ago It could happen with super majorities in congress that exist mostly of men. The men could easily just vote away the rights of women. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 1 points 7 days ago You can't just vote away a constitutional amendment.  To repeal, you basically have to pass another amendment.  Which is a tall order. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago First of all, my previous comment still applies, women get their rights from men, we can just as easily take them away without any approval from women. You just need mentoring enough to do it. Second, nobody said you have to do legally either. A dictatorship can just do what it wants. It doesn’t need a piece of paper for approval. It will just throw you in jail if you disapprove. permalink parent award report block reply
Kholland65 1 points 7 days ago It could happen with super majorities in congress that exist mostly of men. The men could easily just vote away the rights of women. permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 1 points 7 days ago You can't just vote away a constitutional amendment.  To repeal, you basically have to pass another amendment.  Which is a tall order. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago First of all, my previous comment still applies, women get their rights from men, we can just as easily take them away without any approval from women. You just need mentoring enough to do it. Second, nobody said you have to do legally either. A dictatorship can just do what it wants. It doesn’t need a piece of paper for approval. It will just throw you in jail if you disapprove. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 1 points 7 days ago You can't just vote away a constitutional amendment.  To repeal, you basically have to pass another amendment.  Which is a tall order. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago First of all, my previous comment still applies, women get their rights from men, we can just as easily take them away without any approval from women. You just need mentoring enough to do it. Second, nobody said you have to do legally either. A dictatorship can just do what it wants. It doesn’t need a piece of paper for approval. It will just throw you in jail if you disapprove. permalink parent award report block reply
Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago First of all, my previous comment still applies, women get their rights from men, we can just as easily take them away without any approval from women. You just need mentoring enough to do it. Second, nobody said you have to do legally either. A dictatorship can just do what it wants. It doesn’t need a piece of paper for approval. It will just throw you in jail if you disapprove. permalink parent award report block reply
AnnieMm 7 points 7 days ago Sad retards. permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 5 points 7 days ago Feminism needs to be torched. What do we expect? Their matriarch bit the apple. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply
MAGA9428 4 points 7 days ago Young women are fucking hopeless. And people wonder why I am strongly considering marrying a foreign wife instead of an American bitch. Most of the young women in this country are perverted, slutty, feminist scum. permalink award report block reply Kholland65 6 points 7 days ago Yeah I just don’t date. I find 90% of women to be fucking awful insufferable human beings. I don’t like the way women act, I don’t like how they think, I don’t like how they vote, I don’t like the way they behave or talk. The only thing I like about women is having sex with them. I can be honest with myself about that. That’s really the only reason deep down that I even waste time thinking about women. To me being married to a women is like torture. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA9428 3 points 7 days ago I seem to love them and hate them at the same time. I can't stand how dishonest they are. How they prefer comfortable lies over the truth. I can't stand how enslaved they are to groupthink and conformity. I hate how many of them have masochistic tendencies. I hate how many of them are feminists, straight up. I can't stand how they seem to be attracted to and worship THE WORST MEN in society. I hate how loyalty seems to mean nothing to most of them. They have no concept of gratitude, commitment, or duty. But at the same time... I love when women are sweet and nurturing. I love when they act cute and playful. I love how expressive they can be. I really do think they are better teachers then men are because they're more patient and better at using positive reinforcement whereas male teachers really are overly critical and harsh. I love how adorable they are when they really are in love with a guy. Their love, when its actually real, is so all consuming and powerful that it's incredible. And yes, they are beautiful, they smell good, their skin is soft, and their voices sound pretty. My problem with young American women is that they think all the things I tend to love about women are shameful traits to discard while all the things I can't stand are "empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago All the benefits you listed I can get from a dog which is less work. And as a someone who was a teacher at a university for a time and has 4 degrees, there is no correlation between gender and teaching ability. Everything you mentioned that women supposedly provide has very little tangible value to me. Again I just want sex. I really don’t care about getting anything else from a woman. As far as the stuff I hate. You absolutely hit the nail on the head. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago Dude move to the south and go to church. There are good women down here. I’m blessed beyond belief with my conservative Christian wife. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago I lived there for 10yrs. It’s not better, the chicks down there are so psychotically religious that they practically masturbate to the Bible. It’s just the other side of the same coin. Same vapid and useless women just dressed up differently who can’t think for themselves so they let their religion do it for them. I don’t want a religious woman. It cramps my style and i hate going to church with a passion, so any woman who puts religion as central part of her life is not someone I have any interest in being with because religion is not something that is important to me or central in my life in anyway shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago I’ll be praying for you man. A good woman is like a ruby; rare and precious. You’re looking for something im not sure exists. Nothing but love to you and your journey! permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Kholland65 6 points 7 days ago Yeah I just don’t date. I find 90% of women to be fucking awful insufferable human beings. I don’t like the way women act, I don’t like how they think, I don’t like how they vote, I don’t like the way they behave or talk. The only thing I like about women is having sex with them. I can be honest with myself about that. That’s really the only reason deep down that I even waste time thinking about women. To me being married to a women is like torture. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA9428 3 points 7 days ago I seem to love them and hate them at the same time. I can't stand how dishonest they are. How they prefer comfortable lies over the truth. I can't stand how enslaved they are to groupthink and conformity. I hate how many of them have masochistic tendencies. I hate how many of them are feminists, straight up. I can't stand how they seem to be attracted to and worship THE WORST MEN in society. I hate how loyalty seems to mean nothing to most of them. They have no concept of gratitude, commitment, or duty. But at the same time... I love when women are sweet and nurturing. I love when they act cute and playful. I love how expressive they can be. I really do think they are better teachers then men are because they're more patient and better at using positive reinforcement whereas male teachers really are overly critical and harsh. I love how adorable they are when they really are in love with a guy. Their love, when its actually real, is so all consuming and powerful that it's incredible. And yes, they are beautiful, they smell good, their skin is soft, and their voices sound pretty. My problem with young American women is that they think all the things I tend to love about women are shameful traits to discard while all the things I can't stand are "empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago All the benefits you listed I can get from a dog which is less work. And as a someone who was a teacher at a university for a time and has 4 degrees, there is no correlation between gender and teaching ability. Everything you mentioned that women supposedly provide has very little tangible value to me. Again I just want sex. I really don’t care about getting anything else from a woman. As far as the stuff I hate. You absolutely hit the nail on the head. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago Dude move to the south and go to church. There are good women down here. I’m blessed beyond belief with my conservative Christian wife. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago I lived there for 10yrs. It’s not better, the chicks down there are so psychotically religious that they practically masturbate to the Bible. It’s just the other side of the same coin. Same vapid and useless women just dressed up differently who can’t think for themselves so they let their religion do it for them. I don’t want a religious woman. It cramps my style and i hate going to church with a passion, so any woman who puts religion as central part of her life is not someone I have any interest in being with because religion is not something that is important to me or central in my life in anyway shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago I’ll be praying for you man. A good woman is like a ruby; rare and precious. You’re looking for something im not sure exists. Nothing but love to you and your journey! permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
MAGA9428 3 points 7 days ago I seem to love them and hate them at the same time. I can't stand how dishonest they are. How they prefer comfortable lies over the truth. I can't stand how enslaved they are to groupthink and conformity. I hate how many of them have masochistic tendencies. I hate how many of them are feminists, straight up. I can't stand how they seem to be attracted to and worship THE WORST MEN in society. I hate how loyalty seems to mean nothing to most of them. They have no concept of gratitude, commitment, or duty. But at the same time... I love when women are sweet and nurturing. I love when they act cute and playful. I love how expressive they can be. I really do think they are better teachers then men are because they're more patient and better at using positive reinforcement whereas male teachers really are overly critical and harsh. I love how adorable they are when they really are in love with a guy. Their love, when its actually real, is so all consuming and powerful that it's incredible. And yes, they are beautiful, they smell good, their skin is soft, and their voices sound pretty. My problem with young American women is that they think all the things I tend to love about women are shameful traits to discard while all the things I can't stand are "empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago All the benefits you listed I can get from a dog which is less work. And as a someone who was a teacher at a university for a time and has 4 degrees, there is no correlation between gender and teaching ability. Everything you mentioned that women supposedly provide has very little tangible value to me. Again I just want sex. I really don’t care about getting anything else from a woman. As far as the stuff I hate. You absolutely hit the nail on the head. permalink parent award report block reply
Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago All the benefits you listed I can get from a dog which is less work. And as a someone who was a teacher at a university for a time and has 4 degrees, there is no correlation between gender and teaching ability. Everything you mentioned that women supposedly provide has very little tangible value to me. Again I just want sex. I really don’t care about getting anything else from a woman. As far as the stuff I hate. You absolutely hit the nail on the head. permalink parent award report block reply
Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago Dude move to the south and go to church. There are good women down here. I’m blessed beyond belief with my conservative Christian wife. permalink parent award report block reply Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago I lived there for 10yrs. It’s not better, the chicks down there are so psychotically religious that they practically masturbate to the Bible. It’s just the other side of the same coin. Same vapid and useless women just dressed up differently who can’t think for themselves so they let their religion do it for them. I don’t want a religious woman. It cramps my style and i hate going to church with a passion, so any woman who puts religion as central part of her life is not someone I have any interest in being with because religion is not something that is important to me or central in my life in anyway shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago I’ll be praying for you man. A good woman is like a ruby; rare and precious. You’re looking for something im not sure exists. Nothing but love to you and your journey! permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Kholland65 1 points 6 days ago I lived there for 10yrs. It’s not better, the chicks down there are so psychotically religious that they practically masturbate to the Bible. It’s just the other side of the same coin. Same vapid and useless women just dressed up differently who can’t think for themselves so they let their religion do it for them. I don’t want a religious woman. It cramps my style and i hate going to church with a passion, so any woman who puts religion as central part of her life is not someone I have any interest in being with because religion is not something that is important to me or central in my life in anyway shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago I’ll be praying for you man. A good woman is like a ruby; rare and precious. You’re looking for something im not sure exists. Nothing but love to you and your journey! permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Bilbobaggins 1 points 6 days ago I’ll be praying for you man. A good woman is like a ruby; rare and precious. You’re looking for something im not sure exists. Nothing but love to you and your journey! permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
highenergywinning 2 points 7 days ago We've been living in orwells 1984 for a long time permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 7 days ago As long as the sugary treats are available then it's all good. permalink award report block reply
BenDoverAssho 1 points 7 days ago When Sharia Law is established, all if that is going to change. As a man, maybe living under the Caliphate isn't such a bad situation after all. Imagine a world with no Semites, sexual perverts, Communists, and feminists. permalink award report block reply 9999999999 5 points 7 days ago The problem with Sharia law is its just Democrat rule with more goat fucking. The people in charge make arbitrary laws and can enforce them (or not) against whoever they want. Good government is small government. The catch is the community needs to strongly vet newcomers since there's no government really doing it. permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 7 days ago Islamics love sex with boys, they are sexual perverts, rapists, murderers, goatfuckers, donkeyfuckers, and no Christian or Jew will want to live under that rule. permalink parent award report block reply BenDoverAssho 3 points 7 days ago True! permalink parent award report block reply YT45 4 points 7 days ago Sexual perversion is rampant in muz societies.  Mohammed was a pedo. permalink parent award report block reply Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago No bacon or alcohol, either. permalink parent award report block reply
9999999999 5 points 7 days ago The problem with Sharia law is its just Democrat rule with more goat fucking. The people in charge make arbitrary laws and can enforce them (or not) against whoever they want. Good government is small government. The catch is the community needs to strongly vet newcomers since there's no government really doing it. permalink parent award report block reply
Robert 4 points 7 days ago Islamics love sex with boys, they are sexual perverts, rapists, murderers, goatfuckers, donkeyfuckers, and no Christian or Jew will want to live under that rule. permalink parent award report block reply BenDoverAssho 3 points 7 days ago True! permalink parent award report block reply
BenDoverAssho 3 points 7 days ago True! permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 4 points 7 days ago Sexual perversion is rampant in muz societies.  Mohammed was a pedo. permalink parent award report block reply
Totsugeki 2 points 7 days ago No bacon or alcohol, either. permalink parent award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 7 days ago Yes. They are under mind control by Government, Academia, and the Media and we collectively have a Duty to put an end to that. permalink award report block reply
9999999999 1 points 7 days ago Every amendment after the 12th was a mistake. permalink award report block reply
Johnkimble111 1 points 7 days ago How did he know all these facts back then? permalink award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 -1 points 7 days ago Gen Z fucked us again. Us boomers are going to have to save America... for a 3rd time. permalink award report block reply Kholland65 3 points 7 days ago Actually boomers are the most left leaning age demographic. Gen Z is the most right leaning. NYC is a microcosm of the greater population. Everyone is a fucking liberal in that city. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 6 days ago This is peak retard folks. permalink parent award report block reply
Kholland65 3 points 7 days ago Actually boomers are the most left leaning age demographic. Gen Z is the most right leaning. NYC is a microcosm of the greater population. Everyone is a fucking liberal in that city. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 6 days ago This is peak retard folks. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 6 days ago This is peak retard folks. permalink parent award report block reply