37 YOU CAN’T MAKE THIS UP: Comey’s Attorneys Reportedly Provide Doctored Transcripts in His Perjury Trial (joehoft.com) posted 3 hours ago by stylecouncilor 4 comments award share report block YOU CAN’T MAKE THIS UP: Comey’s Attorneys Reportedly Provide Doctored Transcripts in His Perjury Trial | Joe Hoft You can't make this up - Jim Comey's attorneys reportedly doctored transcripts when providing documents in his perjury trial. Paul Sperry shared some observations on the documents that Comey provided to the courts in his perjury case. One observation is sh... joehoft.com
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style redneckrevival 2 points 2 hours ago I really really want to see this smug son of a bitch behind bars. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 1 points 1 hour ago I don't think he will do time.  He is a fucking pussy and his family is knee deep in this shit.  I think he will rollover and sing like a canary when is he found guilty.  He will sell out the others to keep him and his family from doing time. permalink parent award report block reply RED_WAVE 1 points 2 hours ago the article does not indicate what words were altered and how that altered the question.  Clickbait. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 1 points 3 hours ago Lying is what the left does... permalink award report block reply
redneckrevival 2 points 2 hours ago I really really want to see this smug son of a bitch behind bars. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 1 points 1 hour ago I don't think he will do time.  He is a fucking pussy and his family is knee deep in this shit.  I think he will rollover and sing like a canary when is he found guilty.  He will sell out the others to keep him and his family from doing time. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 1 points 1 hour ago I don't think he will do time.  He is a fucking pussy and his family is knee deep in this shit.  I think he will rollover and sing like a canary when is he found guilty.  He will sell out the others to keep him and his family from doing time. permalink parent award report block reply
RED_WAVE 1 points 2 hours ago the article does not indicate what words were altered and how that altered the question.  Clickbait. permalink award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 1 points 3 hours ago Lying is what the left does... permalink award report block reply