31 Treasury Secretary Bessent says Trump's plan for visas is to temporarily bring in skilled overseas workers for a period or 3-7 years to train Americans: “Train the US workers. Then they can go home and the US workers fully take over.” posted 9 hours ago by blue5707 26 comments award share report block TheBlaze @theblaze • 9h Treasury Secretary Bessent says Trump's plan for visas is to temporarily bring in skilled overseas workers for a period or 3-7 years to train Americans: “Train the US workers. Then they can go home and the US workers fully take over.”
26 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget RejectoftheRepublic 13 points 9 hours ago This admin has lost the plot and is going off the rails. What the hell is happening permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker 12 points 9 hours ago WHAT?!??!?! SERIOUSLY WHAT?!??!? People who come from countries who can't figure out indoor plumbing are going to come train American workers?!??! WHAT?!??! permalink award report block reply T471 10 points 9 hours ago This is retarded, If a company can't solicit and hire some one with known skills they can teach it without a street shitting pajeet in the process. permalink award report block reply BannedAccount 8 points 9 hours ago The problem is they wont ho home permalink award report block reply couranto 7 points 9 hours ago “But an American can’t have that (American) job,” said Bessent. What the fuck is wrong with these people? Have they lost their marbles!? I get the gist but the quotes they are handing the Dems is political gold. permalink award report block reply sleepinggiant 6 points 9 hours ago Government plans are forever dont buplshit us with this 3-7 year con artistry permalink award report block reply Farqquard 6 points 9 hours ago smells like bullshit permalink award report block reply NadlersNads 6 points 9 hours ago Maybe we are just as stupid as our rulers think and say we are permalink award report block reply Cville123 4 points 8 hours ago It’s done.  This was an easy one: $125k for new and renewals and 30% tax on remittances out of country. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 4 points 8 hours ago This is a con job. Foreign workers cant be placed in any security sensitive job in the states. When Trump mentioned "rocket" building that was my first thought.  Unless that's also been changed. I am getting vibes this guy is behind some of this madness. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 4 points 8 hours ago No Omg, what kind of deals did they make with foreign countries to bring manufacturing back? permalink award report block reply stealthboy 4 points 9 hours ago Wow, this escalated quickly. The uniparty always wins. permalink award report block reply Frociaggine 4 points 8 hours ago What are those street shitters gonna teach permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 3 points 8 hours ago Street Shitting Revearing cows Paganism And or course lots of cooking with curry. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 3 points 7 hours ago If this is the goal, then change the H-1B process to require a citizen to be hired at the same time to begin training and cap the time that H-1B can be used for that position. permalink award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Sure thing, Jan. They will never go home and they won't be training any American. Just more of their own. You can't fix this. It has to end or we end your administration by not showing up to vote. Then the other side throws you into jail. permalink award report block reply bratt 2 points 7 hours ago If that is true, then every visa holder needs an assigned American worker as a trainee/apprentice being paid the same exact wage. The doubled wage incentivises the companies to limit the visa's time. Then the visa holder would go home or be assigned to the next trainee. A few true expert visa holders might be kept as instructors. After a few years Americans would be the experts. permalink award report block reply noneone 2 points 8 hours ago BS! You'd have to train them first. permalink award report block reply Hantif 1 points 7 hours ago I've had to train my replacement at two different jobs, both technical and hands-on. There is no need to import a trainer for any job in America, you just need to treat employees right and maybe reach out to the retired folks. permalink award report block reply C0drus 1 points 5 hours ago I CALL BULLSHIT!!! permalink award report block reply couranto 1 points 9 hours ago 7 years to train? What is going on! permalink award report block reply bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Why didn't you ask what was going on when you were busy slandering me on here as a sub-70 IQ homosexual for pointing out just a couple days ago that just maybe the policy on H1Bs needed a tad bit of tweaking? Don't act so surprised now. You can't say you weren't warned. When people tried telling you this kind of bs was coming, you were the one who tried to get them banned. "What is going on!" What is going on is that you and all the people like you thought you had it all figured, and you were wrong. And this is going to get a lot worse. So, buckle up, enjoy. You wanted people to shut up, right? Well, this is the result of them shutting up. You get to pay. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Years ago I use to rail at the 'blackpillers' as well.  Also known as people who are just right. It is a very bitter pill, but until we take it, real change isn't possible. Though I did indeed apologize. Keep up the great work! permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 1 points 7 hours ago Thanks! Appreciate it. What did you like about it that made you call it great? (Asking genuinely in a frenly way) permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Nothing pisses someone off more than a truth they don't want to hear, but it's important to do as thankless as it is. Doing something that just gets you flack, but is the right thing to do, is always a great thing. permalink parent award report block reply couranto -2 points 9 hours ago You’re still a shill STFU permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Lmao Look at this guy. Positioning yourself of all people as a salt of the earth Real Person and authentic human, ha ha ha. You don't even have the balls to acknowledge when smth is f'ed up. permalink parent award report block reply onesummerdream -2 points 9 hours ago So some deals, to have trillions of dollars of overseas investments made in the US, included specialized training only where required, then send the trainers home within 3-7 years. Now, obviously the dirt is in the details, but I don’t have an issue with this at the 30k foot-view. permalink award report block reply
RejectoftheRepublic 13 points 9 hours ago This admin has lost the plot and is going off the rails. What the hell is happening permalink award report block reply
BerettaStroker 12 points 9 hours ago WHAT?!??!?! SERIOUSLY WHAT?!??!? People who come from countries who can't figure out indoor plumbing are going to come train American workers?!??! WHAT?!??! permalink award report block reply
T471 10 points 9 hours ago This is retarded, If a company can't solicit and hire some one with known skills they can teach it without a street shitting pajeet in the process. permalink award report block reply
BannedAccount 8 points 9 hours ago The problem is they wont ho home permalink award report block reply
couranto 7 points 9 hours ago “But an American can’t have that (American) job,” said Bessent. What the fuck is wrong with these people? Have they lost their marbles!? I get the gist but the quotes they are handing the Dems is political gold. permalink award report block reply
sleepinggiant 6 points 9 hours ago Government plans are forever dont buplshit us with this 3-7 year con artistry permalink award report block reply
Farqquard 6 points 9 hours ago smells like bullshit permalink award report block reply
NadlersNads 6 points 9 hours ago Maybe we are just as stupid as our rulers think and say we are permalink award report block reply
Cville123 4 points 8 hours ago It’s done.  This was an easy one: $125k for new and renewals and 30% tax on remittances out of country. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 4 points 8 hours ago This is a con job. Foreign workers cant be placed in any security sensitive job in the states. When Trump mentioned "rocket" building that was my first thought.  Unless that's also been changed. I am getting vibes this guy is behind some of this madness. permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 4 points 8 hours ago No Omg, what kind of deals did they make with foreign countries to bring manufacturing back? permalink award report block reply
stealthboy 4 points 9 hours ago Wow, this escalated quickly. The uniparty always wins. permalink award report block reply
Frociaggine 4 points 8 hours ago What are those street shitters gonna teach permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 3 points 8 hours ago Street Shitting Revearing cows Paganism And or course lots of cooking with curry. permalink parent award report block reply
DontTreadOnSnek 3 points 8 hours ago Street Shitting Revearing cows Paganism And or course lots of cooking with curry. permalink parent award report block reply
dems_be_crazy 3 points 7 hours ago If this is the goal, then change the H-1B process to require a citizen to be hired at the same time to begin training and cap the time that H-1B can be used for that position. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Sure thing, Jan. They will never go home and they won't be training any American. Just more of their own. You can't fix this. It has to end or we end your administration by not showing up to vote. Then the other side throws you into jail. permalink award report block reply
bratt 2 points 7 hours ago If that is true, then every visa holder needs an assigned American worker as a trainee/apprentice being paid the same exact wage. The doubled wage incentivises the companies to limit the visa's time. Then the visa holder would go home or be assigned to the next trainee. A few true expert visa holders might be kept as instructors. After a few years Americans would be the experts. permalink award report block reply
noneone 2 points 8 hours ago BS! You'd have to train them first. permalink award report block reply
Hantif 1 points 7 hours ago I've had to train my replacement at two different jobs, both technical and hands-on. There is no need to import a trainer for any job in America, you just need to treat employees right and maybe reach out to the retired folks. permalink award report block reply
C0drus 1 points 5 hours ago I CALL BULLSHIT!!! permalink award report block reply
couranto 1 points 9 hours ago 7 years to train? What is going on! permalink award report block reply bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Why didn't you ask what was going on when you were busy slandering me on here as a sub-70 IQ homosexual for pointing out just a couple days ago that just maybe the policy on H1Bs needed a tad bit of tweaking? Don't act so surprised now. You can't say you weren't warned. When people tried telling you this kind of bs was coming, you were the one who tried to get them banned. "What is going on!" What is going on is that you and all the people like you thought you had it all figured, and you were wrong. And this is going to get a lot worse. So, buckle up, enjoy. You wanted people to shut up, right? Well, this is the result of them shutting up. You get to pay. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Years ago I use to rail at the 'blackpillers' as well.  Also known as people who are just right. It is a very bitter pill, but until we take it, real change isn't possible. Though I did indeed apologize. Keep up the great work! permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 1 points 7 hours ago Thanks! Appreciate it. What did you like about it that made you call it great? (Asking genuinely in a frenly way) permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Nothing pisses someone off more than a truth they don't want to hear, but it's important to do as thankless as it is. Doing something that just gets you flack, but is the right thing to do, is always a great thing. permalink parent award report block reply couranto -2 points 9 hours ago You’re still a shill STFU permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Lmao Look at this guy. Positioning yourself of all people as a salt of the earth Real Person and authentic human, ha ha ha. You don't even have the balls to acknowledge when smth is f'ed up. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Why didn't you ask what was going on when you were busy slandering me on here as a sub-70 IQ homosexual for pointing out just a couple days ago that just maybe the policy on H1Bs needed a tad bit of tweaking? Don't act so surprised now. You can't say you weren't warned. When people tried telling you this kind of bs was coming, you were the one who tried to get them banned. "What is going on!" What is going on is that you and all the people like you thought you had it all figured, and you were wrong. And this is going to get a lot worse. So, buckle up, enjoy. You wanted people to shut up, right? Well, this is the result of them shutting up. You get to pay. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Years ago I use to rail at the 'blackpillers' as well.  Also known as people who are just right. It is a very bitter pill, but until we take it, real change isn't possible. Though I did indeed apologize. Keep up the great work! permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 1 points 7 hours ago Thanks! Appreciate it. What did you like about it that made you call it great? (Asking genuinely in a frenly way) permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Nothing pisses someone off more than a truth they don't want to hear, but it's important to do as thankless as it is. Doing something that just gets you flack, but is the right thing to do, is always a great thing. permalink parent award report block reply couranto -2 points 9 hours ago You’re still a shill STFU permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Lmao Look at this guy. Positioning yourself of all people as a salt of the earth Real Person and authentic human, ha ha ha. You don't even have the balls to acknowledge when smth is f'ed up. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Years ago I use to rail at the 'blackpillers' as well.  Also known as people who are just right. It is a very bitter pill, but until we take it, real change isn't possible. Though I did indeed apologize. Keep up the great work! permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 1 points 7 hours ago Thanks! Appreciate it. What did you like about it that made you call it great? (Asking genuinely in a frenly way) permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Nothing pisses someone off more than a truth they don't want to hear, but it's important to do as thankless as it is. Doing something that just gets you flack, but is the right thing to do, is always a great thing. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje 1 points 7 hours ago Thanks! Appreciate it. What did you like about it that made you call it great? (Asking genuinely in a frenly way) permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Nothing pisses someone off more than a truth they don't want to hear, but it's important to do as thankless as it is. Doing something that just gets you flack, but is the right thing to do, is always a great thing. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 7 hours ago Nothing pisses someone off more than a truth they don't want to hear, but it's important to do as thankless as it is. Doing something that just gets you flack, but is the right thing to do, is always a great thing. permalink parent award report block reply
couranto -2 points 9 hours ago You’re still a shill STFU permalink parent award report block reply bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Lmao Look at this guy. Positioning yourself of all people as a salt of the earth Real Person and authentic human, ha ha ha. You don't even have the balls to acknowledge when smth is f'ed up. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje 2 points 9 hours ago Lmao Look at this guy. Positioning yourself of all people as a salt of the earth Real Person and authentic human, ha ha ha. You don't even have the balls to acknowledge when smth is f'ed up. permalink parent award report block reply
onesummerdream -2 points 9 hours ago So some deals, to have trillions of dollars of overseas investments made in the US, included specialized training only where required, then send the trainers home within 3-7 years. Now, obviously the dirt is in the details, but I don’t have an issue with this at the 30k foot-view. permalink award report block reply