101 “No Talent” will be Trump’s “Basket of Deplorables”  moment if he’s not careful. Better right this ship or we’ll sink it. posted 3 hours ago by JoeMcCarthyWasRight 17 comments award share download report block
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style whatsupup 4 points 3 hours ago i'm not sure he cares, he got his 2 terms so he's in the history books. now all he would focus on is making his family extremely wealthy and ensure they have a place in the new world, whatever that may be. permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 6 points 2 hours ago If Trump fails to do what we voted for him to do, that new world will be a permanent technocracy. People need to get much more familiar with that word because we're on the precipice. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 4 points 2 hours ago Does he not know democrats will take everything from his family in revenge if they win? permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 5 points 2 hours ago revenge? what has he done to them? no arrests, nada, called them some bad names, that's just showmanship to entertain the masses permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 50 minutes ago He challenged their power and they drove up their followers to want blood, no matter the cost. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 hours ago I'm getting a lot of "astroturfed media" vibes on this topic. permalink award report block reply throwaway777b 4 points 2 hours ago I'm sure they will run with it, but it doesn't excuse the comments permalink parent award report block reply blitzkrieg1 1 points 3 hours ago Try this. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP4pY/trumps-remarks-explained/c permalink award report block reply TGNX 0 points 1 hour ago More people need to stop. Watching. TV. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds -4 points 3 hours ago Except like a low IQ retard you're taking it out of context and have no clue that the United States does NOT have a monopoly on the brightest minds in the world. permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 12 points 3 hours ago We have an O-1 visa for geniuses. H1B visas are just to import grunt workers for cheap at the expense of displacing capable Americans. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 1 points 3 hours ago H1B used to require the person to demonstrate that they had rare and hard to find/train skills. I agree the government got lazy and went overboard and lowered the standards to the floor....actually dug a ditch for the bar. Purge the generic and keep the top 1-5% permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 hour ago Remove the program entirely. When something is that broken, anything less perpetuates the problem. permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 5 points 3 hours ago Its not even about that anymore. companies will overlook a qualified American and hire a less qualified H1B b/c they cost less. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 2 hours ago Trump saying we don't have the "talent" needed in America and we need to import it is not "America First." It's also demoralizing as hell hearing him say that. No matter how you spin it, that's the reality. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 0 points 54 minutes ago You missed the very specific industry he was referring to. Check out the link in the comments above. permalink parent award report block reply
whatsupup 4 points 3 hours ago i'm not sure he cares, he got his 2 terms so he's in the history books. now all he would focus on is making his family extremely wealthy and ensure they have a place in the new world, whatever that may be. permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 6 points 2 hours ago If Trump fails to do what we voted for him to do, that new world will be a permanent technocracy. People need to get much more familiar with that word because we're on the precipice. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 4 points 2 hours ago Does he not know democrats will take everything from his family in revenge if they win? permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 5 points 2 hours ago revenge? what has he done to them? no arrests, nada, called them some bad names, that's just showmanship to entertain the masses permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 50 minutes ago He challenged their power and they drove up their followers to want blood, no matter the cost. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 6 points 2 hours ago If Trump fails to do what we voted for him to do, that new world will be a permanent technocracy. People need to get much more familiar with that word because we're on the precipice. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 4 points 2 hours ago Does he not know democrats will take everything from his family in revenge if they win? permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 5 points 2 hours ago revenge? what has he done to them? no arrests, nada, called them some bad names, that's just showmanship to entertain the masses permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 50 minutes ago He challenged their power and they drove up their followers to want blood, no matter the cost. permalink parent award report block reply
whatsupup 5 points 2 hours ago revenge? what has he done to them? no arrests, nada, called them some bad names, that's just showmanship to entertain the masses permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 50 minutes ago He challenged their power and they drove up their followers to want blood, no matter the cost. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 1 points 50 minutes ago He challenged their power and they drove up their followers to want blood, no matter the cost. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 2 points 2 hours ago I'm getting a lot of "astroturfed media" vibes on this topic. permalink award report block reply throwaway777b 4 points 2 hours ago I'm sure they will run with it, but it doesn't excuse the comments permalink parent award report block reply
throwaway777b 4 points 2 hours ago I'm sure they will run with it, but it doesn't excuse the comments permalink parent award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 1 points 3 hours ago Try this. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP4pY/trumps-remarks-explained/c permalink award report block reply TGNX 0 points 1 hour ago More people need to stop. Watching. TV. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 0 points 1 hour ago More people need to stop. Watching. TV. permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds -4 points 3 hours ago Except like a low IQ retard you're taking it out of context and have no clue that the United States does NOT have a monopoly on the brightest minds in the world. permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 12 points 3 hours ago We have an O-1 visa for geniuses. H1B visas are just to import grunt workers for cheap at the expense of displacing capable Americans. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 1 points 3 hours ago H1B used to require the person to demonstrate that they had rare and hard to find/train skills. I agree the government got lazy and went overboard and lowered the standards to the floor....actually dug a ditch for the bar. Purge the generic and keep the top 1-5% permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 hour ago Remove the program entirely. When something is that broken, anything less perpetuates the problem. permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 5 points 3 hours ago Its not even about that anymore. companies will overlook a qualified American and hire a less qualified H1B b/c they cost less. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 2 hours ago Trump saying we don't have the "talent" needed in America and we need to import it is not "America First." It's also demoralizing as hell hearing him say that. No matter how you spin it, that's the reality. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 0 points 54 minutes ago You missed the very specific industry he was referring to. Check out the link in the comments above. permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 12 points 3 hours ago We have an O-1 visa for geniuses. H1B visas are just to import grunt workers for cheap at the expense of displacing capable Americans. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 1 points 3 hours ago H1B used to require the person to demonstrate that they had rare and hard to find/train skills. I agree the government got lazy and went overboard and lowered the standards to the floor....actually dug a ditch for the bar. Purge the generic and keep the top 1-5% permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 hour ago Remove the program entirely. When something is that broken, anything less perpetuates the problem. permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 1 points 3 hours ago H1B used to require the person to demonstrate that they had rare and hard to find/train skills. I agree the government got lazy and went overboard and lowered the standards to the floor....actually dug a ditch for the bar. Purge the generic and keep the top 1-5% permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 hour ago Remove the program entirely. When something is that broken, anything less perpetuates the problem. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 1 hour ago Remove the program entirely. When something is that broken, anything less perpetuates the problem. permalink parent award report block reply
whatsupup 5 points 3 hours ago Its not even about that anymore. companies will overlook a qualified American and hire a less qualified H1B b/c they cost less. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 2 hours ago Trump saying we don't have the "talent" needed in America and we need to import it is not "America First." It's also demoralizing as hell hearing him say that. No matter how you spin it, that's the reality. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 0 points 54 minutes ago You missed the very specific industry he was referring to. Check out the link in the comments above. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 0 points 54 minutes ago You missed the very specific industry he was referring to. Check out the link in the comments above. permalink parent award report block reply