717 🚨 BREAKING: In an incredible move, President Trump declares to the world he is ready to “SAVE” the Christian population worldwide from extermination and persecution. posted 7 days ago by DeusVult1096 73 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 7d 🚨 BREAKING: In an incredible move, President Trump declares to the world he is ready to “SAVE” the Christian population worldwide from extermination and persecution “Christianity is facing an existential threat in Nigeria. The United States cannot stand by while such atrocities
73 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Cuetardian 45 points 7 days ago BETTER START WITH NYC AND NOT STAND BY WHILE THAT IS DESTROYED Just sayin' and I'm hoping he's sending a message to that thing that just became mayor there permalink award report block reply TheWoodsman 6 points 7 days ago It’s New York City. Have you been? permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 7 days ago sodom and los angamorra deserve destruction. fuck it. lets go. permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago i'd wager there's only a couple dozen Christians left in NYC, and they need to get outta there, regroup, and if they want to fight, then do so but don't be stupid about it.  Get outta there, go where you can form a strategy. permalink parent award report block reply usernamenottaken 1 points 6 days ago He wants to save JUDEO christians.
There is a difference.
Anyone who notices gets sent to the gulag. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -9 points 7 days ago The Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpWonByALandslide 29 points 7 days ago Focus on the U.S. already! permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 3 points 7 days ago Sorry this is yet another scheme to hand money to Israel permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 2 points 7 days ago 🐐 fuckers permalink parent award report block reply lizardo221 0 points 7 days ago He's focused on it a ton already. For fuck sake, he just did a giant Asia tour a week ago to bring trillions of investment to these shores. And we are also in the middle of a shut down. A lot doesn't get done when Liberals have us hostage because they want illegals to have free healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 7 days ago not much got done but a few executive orders then he shifted to Israel and trying to be tough to Russia, Iran, Venezuela, and some other stupid places that don't concern us and have usually only become issues because of our past involvement. He's going to lose his tariff ability soon since he's used it on a whim when pissed.
Tariffing India because of Ukraine? how tf does that help our manufacturing? and he folds to china when he realizes we have little to no rare earths. He's lost the middle eastern vote here and disillusioned <40 yr old MAGA with the Israel > all bullshit. He's lost the libertarians with the Epstein is a democrat hoax just forget about it He pardons Binance donor that cuts big checks but not the victims of actual deepstate aggression he's bragging about grocery prices being down when I think everyone with eyes and a wallet would see that is laughable. Is currently having a "let them eat cake" moment because while SNAP is out he's building a WH expansion to host more lavish Gatsby style parties. The optics of that are pretty awful if you look it as a neutral observer even if you believe like I do that probably 80-90% of SNAP recipients are abusing it. 1/8 of the country is still a major electorate component. Trillions of investment? it's just some PR crap people eat up in the moment and then ignore 5 mins after like all the other times it's happened. He wants a marketing moment but never actually holds people to the follow through. Go look at the last times people promised xyz, they fall through all the time. Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Ratcliffe, Lutnick, Bessent, Bondi, Kash and put in actual MAGA populists and maybe i'll believe he's focused on MAGA but right now it looks like he'll go down as a Bush 3.0 or McCain type RINO which is sad to say after all the faith i put on this man, especially after surviving the assassination attempt permalink parent award report block reply thewallhasnobrakes 2 points 7 days ago Investments are coming in. Deep state is on the RUN. Prices are LOWER than ever, just earlier Trump said Walmart Thanksgiving prices are DOWN 25%!!!! That's AMAZING work from our president!!!! THE CHANGE IS HERE YOU JUST NEED TO LOOK PAST THE LYING MEDIA AND TOWARDS TRUTH. THE NUMBERS ARE FAKED TO DEMORALIZE YOU. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 0 points 6 days ago You sound absolutely brainwashed and insane permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Don't Trust your lying eyes and wallet? Cool strategy bro and that is why precincts that haven't gone democrat in 100 years elected democrats in council positions and sheriff positions on Tuesday. Man i knew old school repubs like to lose but this is on a whole 'nother level. Wake up! permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 6 days ago sadly I have to agree with all you have said , pulling chairs out for that war criminal cunt net and yahoo was the end for me , fkn sad permalink parent award report block reply lizardo221 1 points 6 days ago You lost me largely with going off about Israel a sentence in, but I did skim the rest anyway. The tariff comment especially is wrong. Look up emergency powers. They allow him plain as day to do what he is doing. Most of the other comments are weird libertarian talking points - why do such people lurk on here if they dislike Trump so much. Anyway, I largely reject your world view here because it is nonsense, but I wish you luck. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Well I've been here since TheDonald days. Any logical person would probably wonder why so many people are walking away. Why did areas that haven't swung democrat in 100 years for councilman positions, sheriffs etc. go to democrat. But sure take another hit of the cope and assume 2026 is in the bag. If all in on Israel + Forever wars is MAGA to you then cool I'm out. As for the tariffs, read the oral arguments from SCOTUS, the writing is on the wall and 95% chance they take those powers away. Hell even Gorsuch was saying these tariff powers are so broad a dem prez could use them if a country doesn't do climate change to which WH said yes. So who do you have for votes? you lose all dem judges, Gorsuch is out, ACB and Roberts are corporate whores so maybe you get Thomas and Alito but even they wouldn't want those powers to be available to a dem prez down the road to do the opposite. When POTUS loses the tariff power almost completely (hopefully we don't have to give 100s of billions in refunds) hopefully you take a second to reconsider and not just go into blind cope like has been the history of so many here. All the best! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... possibletower -3 points 7 days ago One problem with what you are saying is the Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply Seeker_17 22 points 7 days ago Better start at home, specifically NYC, Dearborn and Minneapolis. This needs to be fixed first. permalink award report block reply possibletower -8 points 7 days ago 🤣 The Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply Seeker_17 2 points 7 days ago The last time I checked the President and his administration are in charge of immigration. But then again, you don't seem very intelligent. 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 16 points 7 days ago He really needs to focus on home or he's going to lose the midterms and go back to weekly impeachments then jail after office. And the correct framing is that Islam continues to murder Christians and anyone else who disagrees with them. They do not belong in civilized nations and should be nukes from space. His tweet should begin and end with 'evil Islam' permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 14 points 7 days ago Greatest slaughterhouse of Christians is in Ukraine. permalink award report block reply roy_the_boy 1 points 7 days ago Probably true, a huge percentage of Ukraine is Christian permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 14 points 7 days ago I am okay with this, however. The focus should be here at home before anything else MAGA or nothing. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 10 points 7 days ago We have problems at home. Nobody lives if america falls permalink award report block reply FuckAllDemocrats 10 points 7 days ago One effective way is to fund Chriatian militia to kill Muslims in same amount that Muslims kill Christians permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 8 points 7 days ago Don’t use this as an excuse for foreign incursions or support will be lost on two fronts. permalink award report block reply Awakened 3 points 7 days ago And bringing them all here. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 7 days ago I hear Ukraine is looking to replace all the White men who have have been slaughtered by Globohomo permalink parent award report block reply 2Fangz 2 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 8 points 7 days ago Are they going to help with 0 arrests of the corrupt ?!? permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 5 points 7 days ago I am glad about this.  I just think Trump is getting to be focused exclusively on foreign policy and not making good on the domestic issues he ran on. permalink award report block reply Double_D 5 points 7 days ago That includes the U.S., right? Right…? permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 4 points 7 days ago BY DOING NOTHING! permalink award report block reply Imnotnorm 4 points 7 days ago Oh great another global venture. Why dont you start with our own christian country? permalink award report block reply Gadsden 4 points 7 days ago looks at new York city and minnesota permalink award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 3 points 7 days ago Start here. permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 3 points 7 days ago Fortify home base (America) first permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 6 days ago here's an idea Donald , criminalise islam as a terrorist organisation and get every one of these cunts TF out , and send the nosebergs like mayorkas that fund them right behind them ....... permalink award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 2 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT permalink award report block reply ConstitutionalRepub 1 points 6 days ago Can we start here?  Its all for nothing if america falls. permalink award report block reply Obambi 1 points 7 days ago Did he talk to Israel? permalink award report block reply Deplorable_Yankee 1 points 6 days ago What about America boss. I’m sure the deep state war hawks love you for this. They get to use their toys and get more money for new toys. SMH permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 7 days ago Good to hear this. Might as well add the UK to the list. permalink award report block reply OTher55 1 points 6 days ago about time this Christian nation started caring more about Christians than Jews and Muslims. permalink award report block reply Daffy 1 points 7 days ago These are the refugees we need to be providing amnesty to.  This nation was built on the christian protestant work ethic, and God will look bless our nation for protecting those that are killed for worshiping him.  These Christians will improve our nation not be a burden on it. permalink award report block reply justinkayz 3 points 7 days ago No more Africans...period! permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Fuck that! More Africans in my country isn’t a solution to any problem. The African Christians we have in this country now vote blue every time, just like their paid off leaders instruct them to do, and adding  more will make it worse. No more refugees of any kind until we are rid of every last illegal alien that illegally entered our country. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Okay, what about all of the South American people that have invader our country? Do we let them stay too, since they share your religion? I don’t think so. We have far too many low IQ Africans in this country, and they ain’t going to get any smarter because they worship the same god you do. Save your bible quotes for church on Sunday, because the Constitution and rule of law are the only bible that makes this country work. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago No, because those Africans actually don't need asylum, any group of people being slaughtered for worshiping Jesus Christ can seek asylum in the united states. They won't leach off the system, they will pick themselves up and contribute to our society, they are anti socialism.  They share the faith that founded our country.  The Constitution may be a secular document but it was founded on biblical principles. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... DaBirdisDaWord 1 points 6 days ago If that were true he would invade Europe permalink award report block reply EvensoAmen 1 points 7 days ago Good. Preserve the Christians. permalink award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 0 points 7 days ago If true, this slightly mitigates some of the unwise decisions he's made. permalink award report block reply RedCapNation 0 points 7 days ago LETS GO!!!! permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 0 points 7 days ago Maybe he can do something about the persecution in ukraine permalink award report block reply Wupta PRO -1 points 7 days ago About time!!! permalink award report block reply RyanKeyOh -2 points 7 days ago I VOTED FOR THIS permalink award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply the_new_one 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply cereal_killer 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
Cuetardian 45 points 7 days ago BETTER START WITH NYC AND NOT STAND BY WHILE THAT IS DESTROYED Just sayin' and I'm hoping he's sending a message to that thing that just became mayor there permalink award report block reply TheWoodsman 6 points 7 days ago It’s New York City. Have you been? permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 7 days ago sodom and los angamorra deserve destruction. fuck it. lets go. permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago i'd wager there's only a couple dozen Christians left in NYC, and they need to get outta there, regroup, and if they want to fight, then do so but don't be stupid about it.  Get outta there, go where you can form a strategy. permalink parent award report block reply usernamenottaken 1 points 6 days ago He wants to save JUDEO christians.
There is a difference.
Anyone who notices gets sent to the gulag. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -9 points 7 days ago The Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply
TheWoodsman 6 points 7 days ago It’s New York City. Have you been? permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
NZbacon 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 3 points 7 days ago sodom and los angamorra deserve destruction. fuck it. lets go. permalink parent award report block reply
Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago i'd wager there's only a couple dozen Christians left in NYC, and they need to get outta there, regroup, and if they want to fight, then do so but don't be stupid about it.  Get outta there, go where you can form a strategy. permalink parent award report block reply
usernamenottaken 1 points 6 days ago He wants to save JUDEO christians.
There is a difference.
Anyone who notices gets sent to the gulag. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -9 points 7 days ago The Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpWonByALandslide 29 points 7 days ago Focus on the U.S. already! permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 3 points 7 days ago Sorry this is yet another scheme to hand money to Israel permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 2 points 7 days ago 🐐 fuckers permalink parent award report block reply lizardo221 0 points 7 days ago He's focused on it a ton already. For fuck sake, he just did a giant Asia tour a week ago to bring trillions of investment to these shores. And we are also in the middle of a shut down. A lot doesn't get done when Liberals have us hostage because they want illegals to have free healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 7 days ago not much got done but a few executive orders then he shifted to Israel and trying to be tough to Russia, Iran, Venezuela, and some other stupid places that don't concern us and have usually only become issues because of our past involvement. He's going to lose his tariff ability soon since he's used it on a whim when pissed.
Tariffing India because of Ukraine? how tf does that help our manufacturing? and he folds to china when he realizes we have little to no rare earths. He's lost the middle eastern vote here and disillusioned <40 yr old MAGA with the Israel > all bullshit. He's lost the libertarians with the Epstein is a democrat hoax just forget about it He pardons Binance donor that cuts big checks but not the victims of actual deepstate aggression he's bragging about grocery prices being down when I think everyone with eyes and a wallet would see that is laughable. Is currently having a "let them eat cake" moment because while SNAP is out he's building a WH expansion to host more lavish Gatsby style parties. The optics of that are pretty awful if you look it as a neutral observer even if you believe like I do that probably 80-90% of SNAP recipients are abusing it. 1/8 of the country is still a major electorate component. Trillions of investment? it's just some PR crap people eat up in the moment and then ignore 5 mins after like all the other times it's happened. He wants a marketing moment but never actually holds people to the follow through. Go look at the last times people promised xyz, they fall through all the time. Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Ratcliffe, Lutnick, Bessent, Bondi, Kash and put in actual MAGA populists and maybe i'll believe he's focused on MAGA but right now it looks like he'll go down as a Bush 3.0 or McCain type RINO which is sad to say after all the faith i put on this man, especially after surviving the assassination attempt permalink parent award report block reply thewallhasnobrakes 2 points 7 days ago Investments are coming in. Deep state is on the RUN. Prices are LOWER than ever, just earlier Trump said Walmart Thanksgiving prices are DOWN 25%!!!! That's AMAZING work from our president!!!! THE CHANGE IS HERE YOU JUST NEED TO LOOK PAST THE LYING MEDIA AND TOWARDS TRUTH. THE NUMBERS ARE FAKED TO DEMORALIZE YOU. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 0 points 6 days ago You sound absolutely brainwashed and insane permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Don't Trust your lying eyes and wallet? Cool strategy bro and that is why precincts that haven't gone democrat in 100 years elected democrats in council positions and sheriff positions on Tuesday. Man i knew old school repubs like to lose but this is on a whole 'nother level. Wake up! permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 6 days ago sadly I have to agree with all you have said , pulling chairs out for that war criminal cunt net and yahoo was the end for me , fkn sad permalink parent award report block reply lizardo221 1 points 6 days ago You lost me largely with going off about Israel a sentence in, but I did skim the rest anyway. The tariff comment especially is wrong. Look up emergency powers. They allow him plain as day to do what he is doing. Most of the other comments are weird libertarian talking points - why do such people lurk on here if they dislike Trump so much. Anyway, I largely reject your world view here because it is nonsense, but I wish you luck. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Well I've been here since TheDonald days. Any logical person would probably wonder why so many people are walking away. Why did areas that haven't swung democrat in 100 years for councilman positions, sheriffs etc. go to democrat. But sure take another hit of the cope and assume 2026 is in the bag. If all in on Israel + Forever wars is MAGA to you then cool I'm out. As for the tariffs, read the oral arguments from SCOTUS, the writing is on the wall and 95% chance they take those powers away. Hell even Gorsuch was saying these tariff powers are so broad a dem prez could use them if a country doesn't do climate change to which WH said yes. So who do you have for votes? you lose all dem judges, Gorsuch is out, ACB and Roberts are corporate whores so maybe you get Thomas and Alito but even they wouldn't want those powers to be available to a dem prez down the road to do the opposite. When POTUS loses the tariff power almost completely (hopefully we don't have to give 100s of billions in refunds) hopefully you take a second to reconsider and not just go into blind cope like has been the history of so many here. All the best! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... possibletower -3 points 7 days ago One problem with what you are saying is the Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply
MemeLawd 3 points 7 days ago Sorry this is yet another scheme to hand money to Israel permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 2 points 7 days ago 🐐 fuckers permalink parent award report block reply
Peekov3 2 points 7 days ago 🐐 fuckers permalink parent award report block reply
lizardo221 0 points 7 days ago He's focused on it a ton already. For fuck sake, he just did a giant Asia tour a week ago to bring trillions of investment to these shores. And we are also in the middle of a shut down. A lot doesn't get done when Liberals have us hostage because they want illegals to have free healthcare. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 7 days ago not much got done but a few executive orders then he shifted to Israel and trying to be tough to Russia, Iran, Venezuela, and some other stupid places that don't concern us and have usually only become issues because of our past involvement. He's going to lose his tariff ability soon since he's used it on a whim when pissed.
Tariffing India because of Ukraine? how tf does that help our manufacturing? and he folds to china when he realizes we have little to no rare earths. He's lost the middle eastern vote here and disillusioned <40 yr old MAGA with the Israel > all bullshit. He's lost the libertarians with the Epstein is a democrat hoax just forget about it He pardons Binance donor that cuts big checks but not the victims of actual deepstate aggression he's bragging about grocery prices being down when I think everyone with eyes and a wallet would see that is laughable. Is currently having a "let them eat cake" moment because while SNAP is out he's building a WH expansion to host more lavish Gatsby style parties. The optics of that are pretty awful if you look it as a neutral observer even if you believe like I do that probably 80-90% of SNAP recipients are abusing it. 1/8 of the country is still a major electorate component. Trillions of investment? it's just some PR crap people eat up in the moment and then ignore 5 mins after like all the other times it's happened. He wants a marketing moment but never actually holds people to the follow through. Go look at the last times people promised xyz, they fall through all the time. Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Ratcliffe, Lutnick, Bessent, Bondi, Kash and put in actual MAGA populists and maybe i'll believe he's focused on MAGA but right now it looks like he'll go down as a Bush 3.0 or McCain type RINO which is sad to say after all the faith i put on this man, especially after surviving the assassination attempt permalink parent award report block reply thewallhasnobrakes 2 points 7 days ago Investments are coming in. Deep state is on the RUN. Prices are LOWER than ever, just earlier Trump said Walmart Thanksgiving prices are DOWN 25%!!!! That's AMAZING work from our president!!!! THE CHANGE IS HERE YOU JUST NEED TO LOOK PAST THE LYING MEDIA AND TOWARDS TRUTH. THE NUMBERS ARE FAKED TO DEMORALIZE YOU. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 0 points 6 days ago You sound absolutely brainwashed and insane permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Don't Trust your lying eyes and wallet? Cool strategy bro and that is why precincts that haven't gone democrat in 100 years elected democrats in council positions and sheriff positions on Tuesday. Man i knew old school repubs like to lose but this is on a whole 'nother level. Wake up! permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 6 days ago sadly I have to agree with all you have said , pulling chairs out for that war criminal cunt net and yahoo was the end for me , fkn sad permalink parent award report block reply lizardo221 1 points 6 days ago You lost me largely with going off about Israel a sentence in, but I did skim the rest anyway. The tariff comment especially is wrong. Look up emergency powers. They allow him plain as day to do what he is doing. Most of the other comments are weird libertarian talking points - why do such people lurk on here if they dislike Trump so much. Anyway, I largely reject your world view here because it is nonsense, but I wish you luck. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Well I've been here since TheDonald days. Any logical person would probably wonder why so many people are walking away. Why did areas that haven't swung democrat in 100 years for councilman positions, sheriffs etc. go to democrat. But sure take another hit of the cope and assume 2026 is in the bag. If all in on Israel + Forever wars is MAGA to you then cool I'm out. As for the tariffs, read the oral arguments from SCOTUS, the writing is on the wall and 95% chance they take those powers away. Hell even Gorsuch was saying these tariff powers are so broad a dem prez could use them if a country doesn't do climate change to which WH said yes. So who do you have for votes? you lose all dem judges, Gorsuch is out, ACB and Roberts are corporate whores so maybe you get Thomas and Alito but even they wouldn't want those powers to be available to a dem prez down the road to do the opposite. When POTUS loses the tariff power almost completely (hopefully we don't have to give 100s of billions in refunds) hopefully you take a second to reconsider and not just go into blind cope like has been the history of so many here. All the best! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Obliv1 0 points 7 days ago not much got done but a few executive orders then he shifted to Israel and trying to be tough to Russia, Iran, Venezuela, and some other stupid places that don't concern us and have usually only become issues because of our past involvement. He's going to lose his tariff ability soon since he's used it on a whim when pissed.
Tariffing India because of Ukraine? how tf does that help our manufacturing? and he folds to china when he realizes we have little to no rare earths. He's lost the middle eastern vote here and disillusioned <40 yr old MAGA with the Israel > all bullshit. He's lost the libertarians with the Epstein is a democrat hoax just forget about it He pardons Binance donor that cuts big checks but not the victims of actual deepstate aggression he's bragging about grocery prices being down when I think everyone with eyes and a wallet would see that is laughable. Is currently having a "let them eat cake" moment because while SNAP is out he's building a WH expansion to host more lavish Gatsby style parties. The optics of that are pretty awful if you look it as a neutral observer even if you believe like I do that probably 80-90% of SNAP recipients are abusing it. 1/8 of the country is still a major electorate component. Trillions of investment? it's just some PR crap people eat up in the moment and then ignore 5 mins after like all the other times it's happened. He wants a marketing moment but never actually holds people to the follow through. Go look at the last times people promised xyz, they fall through all the time. Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Ratcliffe, Lutnick, Bessent, Bondi, Kash and put in actual MAGA populists and maybe i'll believe he's focused on MAGA but right now it looks like he'll go down as a Bush 3.0 or McCain type RINO which is sad to say after all the faith i put on this man, especially after surviving the assassination attempt permalink parent award report block reply thewallhasnobrakes 2 points 7 days ago Investments are coming in. Deep state is on the RUN. Prices are LOWER than ever, just earlier Trump said Walmart Thanksgiving prices are DOWN 25%!!!! That's AMAZING work from our president!!!! THE CHANGE IS HERE YOU JUST NEED TO LOOK PAST THE LYING MEDIA AND TOWARDS TRUTH. THE NUMBERS ARE FAKED TO DEMORALIZE YOU. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 0 points 6 days ago You sound absolutely brainwashed and insane permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Don't Trust your lying eyes and wallet? Cool strategy bro and that is why precincts that haven't gone democrat in 100 years elected democrats in council positions and sheriff positions on Tuesday. Man i knew old school repubs like to lose but this is on a whole 'nother level. Wake up! permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 6 days ago sadly I have to agree with all you have said , pulling chairs out for that war criminal cunt net and yahoo was the end for me , fkn sad permalink parent award report block reply lizardo221 1 points 6 days ago You lost me largely with going off about Israel a sentence in, but I did skim the rest anyway. The tariff comment especially is wrong. Look up emergency powers. They allow him plain as day to do what he is doing. Most of the other comments are weird libertarian talking points - why do such people lurk on here if they dislike Trump so much. Anyway, I largely reject your world view here because it is nonsense, but I wish you luck. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Well I've been here since TheDonald days. Any logical person would probably wonder why so many people are walking away. Why did areas that haven't swung democrat in 100 years for councilman positions, sheriffs etc. go to democrat. But sure take another hit of the cope and assume 2026 is in the bag. If all in on Israel + Forever wars is MAGA to you then cool I'm out. As for the tariffs, read the oral arguments from SCOTUS, the writing is on the wall and 95% chance they take those powers away. Hell even Gorsuch was saying these tariff powers are so broad a dem prez could use them if a country doesn't do climate change to which WH said yes. So who do you have for votes? you lose all dem judges, Gorsuch is out, ACB and Roberts are corporate whores so maybe you get Thomas and Alito but even they wouldn't want those powers to be available to a dem prez down the road to do the opposite. When POTUS loses the tariff power almost completely (hopefully we don't have to give 100s of billions in refunds) hopefully you take a second to reconsider and not just go into blind cope like has been the history of so many here. All the best! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
thewallhasnobrakes 2 points 7 days ago Investments are coming in. Deep state is on the RUN. Prices are LOWER than ever, just earlier Trump said Walmart Thanksgiving prices are DOWN 25%!!!! That's AMAZING work from our president!!!! THE CHANGE IS HERE YOU JUST NEED TO LOOK PAST THE LYING MEDIA AND TOWARDS TRUTH. THE NUMBERS ARE FAKED TO DEMORALIZE YOU. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 0 points 6 days ago You sound absolutely brainwashed and insane permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Don't Trust your lying eyes and wallet? Cool strategy bro and that is why precincts that haven't gone democrat in 100 years elected democrats in council positions and sheriff positions on Tuesday. Man i knew old school repubs like to lose but this is on a whole 'nother level. Wake up! permalink parent award report block reply
Trump43v3r 0 points 6 days ago You sound absolutely brainwashed and insane permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Don't Trust your lying eyes and wallet? Cool strategy bro and that is why precincts that haven't gone democrat in 100 years elected democrats in council positions and sheriff positions on Tuesday. Man i knew old school repubs like to lose but this is on a whole 'nother level. Wake up! permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 1 points 6 days ago sadly I have to agree with all you have said , pulling chairs out for that war criminal cunt net and yahoo was the end for me , fkn sad permalink parent award report block reply
lizardo221 1 points 6 days ago You lost me largely with going off about Israel a sentence in, but I did skim the rest anyway. The tariff comment especially is wrong. Look up emergency powers. They allow him plain as day to do what he is doing. Most of the other comments are weird libertarian talking points - why do such people lurk on here if they dislike Trump so much. Anyway, I largely reject your world view here because it is nonsense, but I wish you luck. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Well I've been here since TheDonald days. Any logical person would probably wonder why so many people are walking away. Why did areas that haven't swung democrat in 100 years for councilman positions, sheriffs etc. go to democrat. But sure take another hit of the cope and assume 2026 is in the bag. If all in on Israel + Forever wars is MAGA to you then cool I'm out. As for the tariffs, read the oral arguments from SCOTUS, the writing is on the wall and 95% chance they take those powers away. Hell even Gorsuch was saying these tariff powers are so broad a dem prez could use them if a country doesn't do climate change to which WH said yes. So who do you have for votes? you lose all dem judges, Gorsuch is out, ACB and Roberts are corporate whores so maybe you get Thomas and Alito but even they wouldn't want those powers to be available to a dem prez down the road to do the opposite. When POTUS loses the tariff power almost completely (hopefully we don't have to give 100s of billions in refunds) hopefully you take a second to reconsider and not just go into blind cope like has been the history of so many here. All the best! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Obliv1 0 points 6 days ago Well I've been here since TheDonald days. Any logical person would probably wonder why so many people are walking away. Why did areas that haven't swung democrat in 100 years for councilman positions, sheriffs etc. go to democrat. But sure take another hit of the cope and assume 2026 is in the bag. If all in on Israel + Forever wars is MAGA to you then cool I'm out. As for the tariffs, read the oral arguments from SCOTUS, the writing is on the wall and 95% chance they take those powers away. Hell even Gorsuch was saying these tariff powers are so broad a dem prez could use them if a country doesn't do climate change to which WH said yes. So who do you have for votes? you lose all dem judges, Gorsuch is out, ACB and Roberts are corporate whores so maybe you get Thomas and Alito but even they wouldn't want those powers to be available to a dem prez down the road to do the opposite. When POTUS loses the tariff power almost completely (hopefully we don't have to give 100s of billions in refunds) hopefully you take a second to reconsider and not just go into blind cope like has been the history of so many here. All the best! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
possibletower -3 points 7 days ago One problem with what you are saying is the Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply
Seeker_17 22 points 7 days ago Better start at home, specifically NYC, Dearborn and Minneapolis. This needs to be fixed first. permalink award report block reply possibletower -8 points 7 days ago 🤣 The Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply Seeker_17 2 points 7 days ago The last time I checked the President and his administration are in charge of immigration. But then again, you don't seem very intelligent. 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -8 points 7 days ago 🤣 The Constitution is a helluva thing isn't it? It was designed to limit the powers of the POTUS in domestic affairs while giving him a lot of power, almost dictatorial, with regards to foreign affairs. If you want to bitch against someone bitch against the Founding Fathers for setting up our system of government. permalink parent award report block reply Seeker_17 2 points 7 days ago The last time I checked the President and his administration are in charge of immigration. But then again, you don't seem very intelligent. 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Seeker_17 2 points 7 days ago The last time I checked the President and his administration are in charge of immigration. But then again, you don't seem very intelligent. 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 16 points 7 days ago He really needs to focus on home or he's going to lose the midterms and go back to weekly impeachments then jail after office. And the correct framing is that Islam continues to murder Christians and anyone else who disagrees with them. They do not belong in civilized nations and should be nukes from space. His tweet should begin and end with 'evil Islam' permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 14 points 7 days ago Greatest slaughterhouse of Christians is in Ukraine. permalink award report block reply roy_the_boy 1 points 7 days ago Probably true, a huge percentage of Ukraine is Christian permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
roy_the_boy 1 points 7 days ago Probably true, a huge percentage of Ukraine is Christian permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 14 points 7 days ago I am okay with this, however. The focus should be here at home before anything else MAGA or nothing. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 10 points 7 days ago We have problems at home. Nobody lives if america falls permalink award report block reply
FuckAllDemocrats 10 points 7 days ago One effective way is to fund Chriatian militia to kill Muslims in same amount that Muslims kill Christians permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 8 points 7 days ago Don’t use this as an excuse for foreign incursions or support will be lost on two fronts. permalink award report block reply Awakened 3 points 7 days ago And bringing them all here. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 7 days ago I hear Ukraine is looking to replace all the White men who have have been slaughtered by Globohomo permalink parent award report block reply 2Fangz 2 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 3 points 7 days ago And bringing them all here. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 7 days ago I hear Ukraine is looking to replace all the White men who have have been slaughtered by Globohomo permalink parent award report block reply
justinkayz 1 points 7 days ago I hear Ukraine is looking to replace all the White men who have have been slaughtered by Globohomo permalink parent award report block reply
2Fangz 2 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 8 points 7 days ago Are they going to help with 0 arrests of the corrupt ?!? permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 5 points 7 days ago I am glad about this.  I just think Trump is getting to be focused exclusively on foreign policy and not making good on the domestic issues he ran on. permalink award report block reply
Double_D 5 points 7 days ago That includes the U.S., right? Right…? permalink award report block reply
MemeLawd 4 points 7 days ago BY DOING NOTHING! permalink award report block reply
Imnotnorm 4 points 7 days ago Oh great another global venture. Why dont you start with our own christian country? permalink award report block reply
Gadsden 4 points 7 days ago looks at new York city and minnesota permalink award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 3 points 7 days ago Start here. permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 3 points 7 days ago Fortify home base (America) first permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 3 points 6 days ago here's an idea Donald , criminalise islam as a terrorist organisation and get every one of these cunts TF out , and send the nosebergs like mayorkas that fund them right behind them ....... permalink award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 2 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT permalink award report block reply
ConstitutionalRepub 1 points 6 days ago Can we start here?  Its all for nothing if america falls. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 1 points 7 days ago Did he talk to Israel? permalink award report block reply
Deplorable_Yankee 1 points 6 days ago What about America boss. I’m sure the deep state war hawks love you for this. They get to use their toys and get more money for new toys. SMH permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 7 days ago Good to hear this. Might as well add the UK to the list. permalink award report block reply
OTher55 1 points 6 days ago about time this Christian nation started caring more about Christians than Jews and Muslims. permalink award report block reply
Daffy 1 points 7 days ago These are the refugees we need to be providing amnesty to.  This nation was built on the christian protestant work ethic, and God will look bless our nation for protecting those that are killed for worshiping him.  These Christians will improve our nation not be a burden on it. permalink award report block reply justinkayz 3 points 7 days ago No more Africans...period! permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Fuck that! More Africans in my country isn’t a solution to any problem. The African Christians we have in this country now vote blue every time, just like their paid off leaders instruct them to do, and adding  more will make it worse. No more refugees of any kind until we are rid of every last illegal alien that illegally entered our country. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Okay, what about all of the South American people that have invader our country? Do we let them stay too, since they share your religion? I don’t think so. We have far too many low IQ Africans in this country, and they ain’t going to get any smarter because they worship the same god you do. Save your bible quotes for church on Sunday, because the Constitution and rule of law are the only bible that makes this country work. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago No, because those Africans actually don't need asylum, any group of people being slaughtered for worshiping Jesus Christ can seek asylum in the united states. They won't leach off the system, they will pick themselves up and contribute to our society, they are anti socialism.  They share the faith that founded our country.  The Constitution may be a secular document but it was founded on biblical principles. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
justinkayz 3 points 7 days ago No more Africans...period! permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply
Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply
LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Fuck that! More Africans in my country isn’t a solution to any problem. The African Christians we have in this country now vote blue every time, just like their paid off leaders instruct them to do, and adding  more will make it worse. No more refugees of any kind until we are rid of every last illegal alien that illegally entered our country. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Okay, what about all of the South American people that have invader our country? Do we let them stay too, since they share your religion? I don’t think so. We have far too many low IQ Africans in this country, and they ain’t going to get any smarter because they worship the same god you do. Save your bible quotes for church on Sunday, because the Constitution and rule of law are the only bible that makes this country work. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago No, because those Africans actually don't need asylum, any group of people being slaughtered for worshiping Jesus Christ can seek asylum in the united states. They won't leach off the system, they will pick themselves up and contribute to our society, they are anti socialism.  They share the faith that founded our country.  The Constitution may be a secular document but it was founded on biblical principles. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Daffy 1 points 6 days ago In God's economy there are 2 races, saved and lost I don't want Muslims or Hindus in my country, but i will let in Christians.  You don't shut out Christians because of their color unless you are wanting on God's bad side.  There is no coming back from that. permalink parent award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Okay, what about all of the South American people that have invader our country? Do we let them stay too, since they share your religion? I don’t think so. We have far too many low IQ Africans in this country, and they ain’t going to get any smarter because they worship the same god you do. Save your bible quotes for church on Sunday, because the Constitution and rule of law are the only bible that makes this country work. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago No, because those Africans actually don't need asylum, any group of people being slaughtered for worshiping Jesus Christ can seek asylum in the united states. They won't leach off the system, they will pick themselves up and contribute to our society, they are anti socialism.  They share the faith that founded our country.  The Constitution may be a secular document but it was founded on biblical principles. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 6 days ago Okay, what about all of the South American people that have invader our country? Do we let them stay too, since they share your religion? I don’t think so. We have far too many low IQ Africans in this country, and they ain’t going to get any smarter because they worship the same god you do. Save your bible quotes for church on Sunday, because the Constitution and rule of law are the only bible that makes this country work. permalink parent award report block reply Daffy 1 points 6 days ago No, because those Africans actually don't need asylum, any group of people being slaughtered for worshiping Jesus Christ can seek asylum in the united states. They won't leach off the system, they will pick themselves up and contribute to our society, they are anti socialism.  They share the faith that founded our country.  The Constitution may be a secular document but it was founded on biblical principles. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Daffy 1 points 6 days ago No, because those Africans actually don't need asylum, any group of people being slaughtered for worshiping Jesus Christ can seek asylum in the united states. They won't leach off the system, they will pick themselves up and contribute to our society, they are anti socialism.  They share the faith that founded our country.  The Constitution may be a secular document but it was founded on biblical principles. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
DaBirdisDaWord 1 points 6 days ago If that were true he would invade Europe permalink award report block reply
EvensoAmen 1 points 7 days ago Good. Preserve the Christians. permalink award report block reply
HillarysBeaverMunch 0 points 7 days ago If true, this slightly mitigates some of the unwise decisions he's made. permalink award report block reply
RedCapNation 0 points 7 days ago LETS GO!!!! permalink award report block reply
Wrexxis780 0 points 7 days ago Maybe he can do something about the persecution in ukraine permalink award report block reply
Wupta PRO -1 points 7 days ago About time!!! permalink award report block reply
RyanKeyOh -2 points 7 days ago I VOTED FOR THIS permalink award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
the_new_one 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
cereal_killer 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply