538 Chicago's touched mayor calls on United Nations 😂 to intervene in U.S. affairs and STOP the ICE raids on illegals. Tom Homan responds lol. STUPID  S.O.B. posted 2 hours ago by mateus 77 comments award share report block @Chicago1Ray 🇺🇸 @Chicago1Ray • 2d Brandon Johnson is asking the (UN) to intervene in US affairs and stop ICE from enforcing immigration law Tom Homan ~ He's just proving that he's not that smart, the UN helped fund the mass migration Hit that like button if you appreciate the work Tom Homan has been doing  👍
77 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Natural Way to Regrow Hair on a Bald Head HaloGrow ColonelKlink 45 points 1 hour ago Have him arrested. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 16 points 1 hour ago end the UN, IRS, and fed. permalink parent award report block reply AynRand22 12 points 58 minutes ago FBI, CIA NSA permalink parent award report block reply HRpumpanddump 6 points 42 minutes ago Anyone with a sub 100 IQ should be automatically sterilized.  Within 3 decades 90% of our problems would disappear. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 32 minutes ago ban circumcision permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated -4 points 28 minutes ago I think female circumcision should be the default thing when a female is born since they do it to males permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 22 minutes ago That sounds like some idiotic shit that would come out of the middle east. You know, ''the holy land.'' permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yodayoda 2 points 27 minutes ago nah, most of our problems are due to evil smart people. "smart" meaning smarter than sub-100 IQ. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 21 minutes ago This is the United States. We don't arrest democrats. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 1 points 16 minutes ago The UN is a scam. It's not a united nations it's one nation doing everything while every other nation leeches off of them. The fact that this absolute treasonous traitor oath breaking piece of human garbage is calling for other nations to come into direct conflict with our federal law enforcement officers in defense of foreign invaders should merit the DEATH PENALTY. I'm so tired of the government tiptoeing around so as not to offend people who do nothing but try to destroy this country every chance they get. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 24 minutes ago Sorry. Empty tough guy threats FTW! You will get no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 23 points 1 hour ago I'm pretty sure this violates some sort of Logan Act thing, but nothing will happen like 100% of the times, or when that Fuck-Face Kerry told Iran not to deal with Trump. He's still walking around making millions. permalink award report block reply Bramage 8 points 1 hour ago kerry is a complete piece of SHIT who needs to swing for multiple violations of the Logan Act under 45. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 5 points 1 hour ago We all forget Ted Kennedy told Russia they would support Russia once Regan was out of office. DNC are traitors and terrorists. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 16 points 2 hours ago Sounds as if the UN needs to pay up for all of the costs. permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 16 points 1 hour ago Then deport the UN. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 8 points 1 hour ago I have been saying this for years, the fucking U.N. makes world laws and want us to follow them, the U.N. has a law on the books that make it illegal to own and sell guns but the U.S. has not ratified it. Trump pulled out of it. Withdrawal of signature: In 2019, the Trump administration announced that the U.S. would withdraw its signature from the treaty, stating it was a move to protect American sovereignty and the Second Amendment. then they added this lie Misconception: The confusion may stem from the treaty's focus on conventional arms, which includes small arms, but the intent is to regulate international trade, not to ban civilian ownership. Each sovereign nation determines its own laws for firearm possession and sale by its citizens. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 28 minutes ago Ironic since all those UN faggots are protected by armed bodyguards. If they believed their own BS they would announce "the UN is armed bodyguard free for world peace" permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 6 minutes ago They already have that lined up for when they cause enough decay to the U.S military. permalink parent award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 15 points 1 hour ago ICE rounding up invaders is a humanitarian crisis, but getting stabbed for no reason on the subway is part and parcel of living in Chicongo. permalink award report block reply Yignuced 15 points 1 hour ago Blue helmets on US Soil?   Let’s go. permalink award report block reply Philhelm 5 points 57 minutes ago Make 'em purple! permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 4 points 43 minutes ago Huh. This one has a hole in it. I wonder how that happened? permalink parent award report block reply cross_bearer_02 9 points 1 hour ago The UN has no jurisdiction here. The Constitution is the supreme law of the land. Any intrusion by the UN should be classified as an invasion and declaration of war and responded to in kind. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 hour ago LATEST NEWS: U.N. declares war on U.S., sparking outrage. permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 1 points 32 minutes ago BREAKING! permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 0 points 32 minutes ago DEVELOPING! permalink parent award report block reply KuzoKevin 8 points 1 hour ago We need international soldiers in blue helmets to protect us from our own National Guard? Retard. permalink award report block reply Spacemonkey 5 points 1 hour ago International law doesn't mean shit. The US is a sovereign nation. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 4 points 1 hour ago But all it takes is the right Democrat in office to essentially be a proxy for such entities. Things like the "carbon tax" on shipments that Trump laughed at? You just know the AOCs out there would happily virtue signal with your money permalink parent award report block reply blueeyephoto 5 points 1 hour ago if the UN attempted to deploy troops in the US it would be the biggest FAFO in history. US withdraws from the UN, all the US funding disappears overnight and poof... no more UN. please let them deploy troops in the US. permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 1 points 28 minutes ago I’ll start painting my targets that gay blue permalink parent award report block reply Herpawinski 4 points 1 hour ago Not gonna hit that button until we see mass deportations. Getting the criminals first just means they're not going to do mass deportations because the police will never arrest them all. Without mass deportations the country becomes a one party state, and the communists take over the democrat party. permalink award report block reply MkultraUSA 3 points 1 hour ago The UN huh? Yeah do it UN. I want you to try to do open operations inside the US while we host you so that we can have a reason to raise the place and then kick you out in that order. permalink award report block reply Wyzer 3 points 59 minutes ago Looks like AI?!? permalink award report block reply frenacrossthepond 3 points 1 hour ago I could totally see Biden doing just that - inviting foreign UN troops to patrol US cities as some form of  fucking kumbaya policing. permalink award report block reply Patrick_Bateman 2 points 1 hour ago ....also don't click that like button if you refuse to support engagement grifters. permalink award report block reply General_Specific 2 points 57 minutes ago Rwanda has entered the chat. permalink award report block reply SALTY-OGRE 2 points 57 minutes ago FUCK THAT TIK TOK SCUMBAG! permalink award report block reply cj7654 2 points 30 minutes ago NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW! except illegal immigrants . . . permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 7 minutes ago You can’t arrest them. Our laws don’t apply. They are not citizens. permalink parent award report block reply covfefecat 1 points 10 minutes ago And who controls the illegal immigrants ?! permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 2 points 1 hour ago Sedition charges wen? permalink award report block reply donteatthat 2 points 32 minutes ago Neva permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 hour ago wen scam ponzi gets fired and a MAGA AG gets in. permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 1 points 40 minutes ago Blame Bondi all you want, but it's GEOTUS who's keeping her there. permalink parent award report block reply mygovisacommie 2 points 15 minutes ago Isn’t calling for another nation to intervene technically treason? permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 1 hour ago I have always said we MUST get out of the fucking U.N. permalink award report block reply k-doe3 2 points 28 minutes ago " the largest deportation operation " well we are waiting permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 2 points 14 minutes ago The administration is not doing enough in Chicago. Obama/Biden judges are running cover for leftist groups causing trouble, and working to get detainees released on bond. The administration needs to seriously consider invoking the insurrection act. If you can defeat the radical left in Chicago, you can defeat them anywhere. permalink award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 2 points 38 minutes ago that is a FARA violation.  So I am just certain that the DOJ will arrest him.  Just kidding.  Pam Bondi is doesn't do anything. permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 17 minutes ago Doing so much nothing requires much effort. Make no mistake, Scam Blondi is playing for the other team. permalink parent award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 6 minutes ago Being a guest on FOX News is hard work , maybe in a couple years they will give her a paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply utfanx2 2 points 1 hour ago Ask them to stop China from using slave labor. permalink award report block reply CrankyCrab 2 points 1 hour ago Chicago mayor is a fucking dunce! permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 1 hour ago The quickest way to reduce the violence is for this piece of shit to do his job. But that would mean he can't give away stolen tax dollars to his race hustlers. permalink award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 1 hour ago Deport him permalink award report block reply schnazzmizzle 2 points 1 hour ago The UN helped bring them to the US. permalink award report block reply here2red 2 points 1 hour ago What? LOL permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 1 points 46 minutes ago stop funding the UN.  we pay for the vast majority of it, like we do other globohomo orgs. permalink award report block reply ActNow 1 points 22 minutes ago Brandon Johnson is sooo paid for by the globalists. permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 45 minutes ago Yes, send UN troops into the US. DO IT, FAGGOT! permalink award report block reply HunterBidensPC 1 points 43 minutes ago Kids being raped and beheaded all around the world and this faggot thinks the US has a humanitarian crisis that the world needs to stop just because invaders aren’t getting free shit permalink award report block reply emorphia 1 points 42 minutes ago he is calling on a foreign power to intervene in US politics and law ?  ah well.. he will not be arrested or prosecuted so who cares at this time.  sedition should be the least of his charges. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 5 minutes ago Sedition only applies to Republicans. permalink parent award report block reply gaijin_ronin 1 points 41 minutes ago This goon needs to be hanged. permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 31 minutes ago He can call on anything he wants. There is no Judges in America willing to prosecute Traitors if Democrat. They are above the Law and seemingly Trump does not have the power to change that. The Globalist Plan is to de-stabilize America and bring in the UN to restore Law and Order. That is they GLOBAL PLAN in fact. That is why the UN should be immediately expelled from USA and America should withdrawal. However Billionaires like Trump have much to gain from a Global Governance. permalink award report block reply BasedMillennial 1 points 41 minutes ago What a retard. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 40 minutes ago Ape permalink award report block reply ohwell316 1 points 54 minutes ago Powder  blue  makes a nice background  for a red dot permalink award report block reply magnokor 1 points 38 minutes ago This is worse than the Civil War, or the tax cuts. Not only conspiring with foreign enemy forces to take over the USA, but announcing the declaration publicly to cause trouble, jailed for life would certainly make sense. Brandon. Let's go. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 51 minutes ago If there were a cartoon movie about deportations ,Brandon would be the ICE Miser Villian doing the dumbest shit never tried, and failing every time, with a ridiculous Hershey kiss on top. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 1 points 49 minutes ago Negotiating with foreign powers?  If he actually met with anybody we are somewhere between the Logan Act and Treason. permalink award report block reply itspancakees 1 points 10 minutes ago This is espionage why isn't he already arrested? permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 46 minutes ago He's accelerating the playbook early The Demoncrats' plan is to foment civil war and call in the UN Army to "help". One World Government to follow permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 45 points 1 hour ago Have him arrested. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 16 points 1 hour ago end the UN, IRS, and fed. permalink parent award report block reply AynRand22 12 points 58 minutes ago FBI, CIA NSA permalink parent award report block reply HRpumpanddump 6 points 42 minutes ago Anyone with a sub 100 IQ should be automatically sterilized.  Within 3 decades 90% of our problems would disappear. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 32 minutes ago ban circumcision permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated -4 points 28 minutes ago I think female circumcision should be the default thing when a female is born since they do it to males permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 22 minutes ago That sounds like some idiotic shit that would come out of the middle east. You know, ''the holy land.'' permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yodayoda 2 points 27 minutes ago nah, most of our problems are due to evil smart people. "smart" meaning smarter than sub-100 IQ. permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 1 points 21 minutes ago This is the United States. We don't arrest democrats. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 1 points 16 minutes ago The UN is a scam. It's not a united nations it's one nation doing everything while every other nation leeches off of them. The fact that this absolute treasonous traitor oath breaking piece of human garbage is calling for other nations to come into direct conflict with our federal law enforcement officers in defense of foreign invaders should merit the DEATH PENALTY. I'm so tired of the government tiptoeing around so as not to offend people who do nothing but try to destroy this country every chance they get. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 24 minutes ago Sorry. Empty tough guy threats FTW! You will get no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 16 points 1 hour ago end the UN, IRS, and fed. permalink parent award report block reply AynRand22 12 points 58 minutes ago FBI, CIA NSA permalink parent award report block reply
AynRand22 12 points 58 minutes ago FBI, CIA NSA permalink parent award report block reply
HRpumpanddump 6 points 42 minutes ago Anyone with a sub 100 IQ should be automatically sterilized.  Within 3 decades 90% of our problems would disappear. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 32 minutes ago ban circumcision permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated -4 points 28 minutes ago I think female circumcision should be the default thing when a female is born since they do it to males permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 22 minutes ago That sounds like some idiotic shit that would come out of the middle east. You know, ''the holy land.'' permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... yodayoda 2 points 27 minutes ago nah, most of our problems are due to evil smart people. "smart" meaning smarter than sub-100 IQ. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 3 points 32 minutes ago ban circumcision permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated -4 points 28 minutes ago I think female circumcision should be the default thing when a female is born since they do it to males permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 22 minutes ago That sounds like some idiotic shit that would come out of the middle east. You know, ''the holy land.'' permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
AlmostFullyDilated -4 points 28 minutes ago I think female circumcision should be the default thing when a female is born since they do it to males permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 22 minutes ago That sounds like some idiotic shit that would come out of the middle east. You know, ''the holy land.'' permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MastaJoda 3 points 22 minutes ago That sounds like some idiotic shit that would come out of the middle east. You know, ''the holy land.'' permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
yodayoda 2 points 27 minutes ago nah, most of our problems are due to evil smart people. "smart" meaning smarter than sub-100 IQ. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 1 points 21 minutes ago This is the United States. We don't arrest democrats. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 1 points 16 minutes ago The UN is a scam. It's not a united nations it's one nation doing everything while every other nation leeches off of them. The fact that this absolute treasonous traitor oath breaking piece of human garbage is calling for other nations to come into direct conflict with our federal law enforcement officers in defense of foreign invaders should merit the DEATH PENALTY. I'm so tired of the government tiptoeing around so as not to offend people who do nothing but try to destroy this country every chance they get. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 24 minutes ago Sorry. Empty tough guy threats FTW! You will get no arrests. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 23 points 1 hour ago I'm pretty sure this violates some sort of Logan Act thing, but nothing will happen like 100% of the times, or when that Fuck-Face Kerry told Iran not to deal with Trump. He's still walking around making millions. permalink award report block reply Bramage 8 points 1 hour ago kerry is a complete piece of SHIT who needs to swing for multiple violations of the Logan Act under 45. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 5 points 1 hour ago We all forget Ted Kennedy told Russia they would support Russia once Regan was out of office. DNC are traitors and terrorists. permalink parent award report block reply
Bramage 8 points 1 hour ago kerry is a complete piece of SHIT who needs to swing for multiple violations of the Logan Act under 45. permalink parent award report block reply
USDMaga 5 points 1 hour ago We all forget Ted Kennedy told Russia they would support Russia once Regan was out of office. DNC are traitors and terrorists. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 16 points 2 hours ago Sounds as if the UN needs to pay up for all of the costs. permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 16 points 1 hour ago Then deport the UN. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 8 points 1 hour ago I have been saying this for years, the fucking U.N. makes world laws and want us to follow them, the U.N. has a law on the books that make it illegal to own and sell guns but the U.S. has not ratified it. Trump pulled out of it. Withdrawal of signature: In 2019, the Trump administration announced that the U.S. would withdraw its signature from the treaty, stating it was a move to protect American sovereignty and the Second Amendment. then they added this lie Misconception: The confusion may stem from the treaty's focus on conventional arms, which includes small arms, but the intent is to regulate international trade, not to ban civilian ownership. Each sovereign nation determines its own laws for firearm possession and sale by its citizens. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 28 minutes ago Ironic since all those UN faggots are protected by armed bodyguards. If they believed their own BS they would announce "the UN is armed bodyguard free for world peace" permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 6 minutes ago They already have that lined up for when they cause enough decay to the U.S military. permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 16 points 1 hour ago Then deport the UN. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 8 points 1 hour ago I have been saying this for years, the fucking U.N. makes world laws and want us to follow them, the U.N. has a law on the books that make it illegal to own and sell guns but the U.S. has not ratified it. Trump pulled out of it. Withdrawal of signature: In 2019, the Trump administration announced that the U.S. would withdraw its signature from the treaty, stating it was a move to protect American sovereignty and the Second Amendment. then they added this lie Misconception: The confusion may stem from the treaty's focus on conventional arms, which includes small arms, but the intent is to regulate international trade, not to ban civilian ownership. Each sovereign nation determines its own laws for firearm possession and sale by its citizens. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 28 minutes ago Ironic since all those UN faggots are protected by armed bodyguards. If they believed their own BS they would announce "the UN is armed bodyguard free for world peace" permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 6 minutes ago They already have that lined up for when they cause enough decay to the U.S military. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 8 points 1 hour ago I have been saying this for years, the fucking U.N. makes world laws and want us to follow them, the U.N. has a law on the books that make it illegal to own and sell guns but the U.S. has not ratified it. Trump pulled out of it. Withdrawal of signature: In 2019, the Trump administration announced that the U.S. would withdraw its signature from the treaty, stating it was a move to protect American sovereignty and the Second Amendment. then they added this lie Misconception: The confusion may stem from the treaty's focus on conventional arms, which includes small arms, but the intent is to regulate international trade, not to ban civilian ownership. Each sovereign nation determines its own laws for firearm possession and sale by its citizens. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 28 minutes ago Ironic since all those UN faggots are protected by armed bodyguards. If they believed their own BS they would announce "the UN is armed bodyguard free for world peace" permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 6 minutes ago They already have that lined up for when they cause enough decay to the U.S military. permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 28 minutes ago Ironic since all those UN faggots are protected by armed bodyguards. If they believed their own BS they would announce "the UN is armed bodyguard free for world peace" permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 6 minutes ago They already have that lined up for when they cause enough decay to the U.S military. permalink parent award report block reply
darkmodeforgotpass 1 points 6 minutes ago They already have that lined up for when they cause enough decay to the U.S military. permalink parent award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 15 points 1 hour ago ICE rounding up invaders is a humanitarian crisis, but getting stabbed for no reason on the subway is part and parcel of living in Chicongo. permalink award report block reply
Yignuced 15 points 1 hour ago Blue helmets on US Soil?   Let’s go. permalink award report block reply Philhelm 5 points 57 minutes ago Make 'em purple! permalink parent award report block reply sobriquet 4 points 43 minutes ago Huh. This one has a hole in it. I wonder how that happened? permalink parent award report block reply
Philhelm 5 points 57 minutes ago Make 'em purple! permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 4 points 43 minutes ago Huh. This one has a hole in it. I wonder how that happened? permalink parent award report block reply
cross_bearer_02 9 points 1 hour ago The UN has no jurisdiction here. The Constitution is the supreme law of the land. Any intrusion by the UN should be classified as an invasion and declaration of war and responded to in kind. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 hour ago LATEST NEWS: U.N. declares war on U.S., sparking outrage. permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 1 points 32 minutes ago BREAKING! permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 0 points 32 minutes ago DEVELOPING! permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 hour ago LATEST NEWS: U.N. declares war on U.S., sparking outrage. permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 1 points 32 minutes ago BREAKING! permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 0 points 32 minutes ago DEVELOPING! permalink parent award report block reply
dhamm6500 1 points 32 minutes ago BREAKING! permalink parent award report block reply dhamm6500 0 points 32 minutes ago DEVELOPING! permalink parent award report block reply
dhamm6500 0 points 32 minutes ago DEVELOPING! permalink parent award report block reply
KuzoKevin 8 points 1 hour ago We need international soldiers in blue helmets to protect us from our own National Guard? Retard. permalink award report block reply
Spacemonkey 5 points 1 hour ago International law doesn't mean shit. The US is a sovereign nation. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 4 points 1 hour ago But all it takes is the right Democrat in office to essentially be a proxy for such entities. Things like the "carbon tax" on shipments that Trump laughed at? You just know the AOCs out there would happily virtue signal with your money permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 4 points 1 hour ago But all it takes is the right Democrat in office to essentially be a proxy for such entities. Things like the "carbon tax" on shipments that Trump laughed at? You just know the AOCs out there would happily virtue signal with your money permalink parent award report block reply
blueeyephoto 5 points 1 hour ago if the UN attempted to deploy troops in the US it would be the biggest FAFO in history. US withdraws from the UN, all the US funding disappears overnight and poof... no more UN. please let them deploy troops in the US. permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 1 points 28 minutes ago I’ll start painting my targets that gay blue permalink parent award report block reply
BoomShtick 1 points 28 minutes ago I’ll start painting my targets that gay blue permalink parent award report block reply
Herpawinski 4 points 1 hour ago Not gonna hit that button until we see mass deportations. Getting the criminals first just means they're not going to do mass deportations because the police will never arrest them all. Without mass deportations the country becomes a one party state, and the communists take over the democrat party. permalink award report block reply
MkultraUSA 3 points 1 hour ago The UN huh? Yeah do it UN. I want you to try to do open operations inside the US while we host you so that we can have a reason to raise the place and then kick you out in that order. permalink award report block reply
Wyzer 3 points 59 minutes ago Looks like AI?!? permalink award report block reply
frenacrossthepond 3 points 1 hour ago I could totally see Biden doing just that - inviting foreign UN troops to patrol US cities as some form of  fucking kumbaya policing. permalink award report block reply
Patrick_Bateman 2 points 1 hour ago ....also don't click that like button if you refuse to support engagement grifters. permalink award report block reply
General_Specific 2 points 57 minutes ago Rwanda has entered the chat. permalink award report block reply
SALTY-OGRE 2 points 57 minutes ago FUCK THAT TIK TOK SCUMBAG! permalink award report block reply
cj7654 2 points 30 minutes ago NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW! except illegal immigrants . . . permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 7 minutes ago You can’t arrest them. Our laws don’t apply. They are not citizens. permalink parent award report block reply covfefecat 1 points 10 minutes ago And who controls the illegal immigrants ?! permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 7 minutes ago You can’t arrest them. Our laws don’t apply. They are not citizens. permalink parent award report block reply
covfefecat 1 points 10 minutes ago And who controls the illegal immigrants ?! permalink parent award report block reply
Ghostphaez 2 points 1 hour ago Sedition charges wen? permalink award report block reply donteatthat 2 points 32 minutes ago Neva permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 hour ago wen scam ponzi gets fired and a MAGA AG gets in. permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 1 points 40 minutes ago Blame Bondi all you want, but it's GEOTUS who's keeping her there. permalink parent award report block reply
donteatthat 2 points 32 minutes ago Neva permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 hour ago wen scam ponzi gets fired and a MAGA AG gets in. permalink parent award report block reply Ghostphaez 1 points 40 minutes ago Blame Bondi all you want, but it's GEOTUS who's keeping her there. permalink parent award report block reply
Ghostphaez 1 points 40 minutes ago Blame Bondi all you want, but it's GEOTUS who's keeping her there. permalink parent award report block reply
mygovisacommie 2 points 15 minutes ago Isn’t calling for another nation to intervene technically treason? permalink award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 1 hour ago I have always said we MUST get out of the fucking U.N. permalink award report block reply
k-doe3 2 points 28 minutes ago " the largest deportation operation " well we are waiting permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 2 points 14 minutes ago The administration is not doing enough in Chicago. Obama/Biden judges are running cover for leftist groups causing trouble, and working to get detainees released on bond. The administration needs to seriously consider invoking the insurrection act. If you can defeat the radical left in Chicago, you can defeat them anywhere. permalink award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic 2 points 38 minutes ago that is a FARA violation.  So I am just certain that the DOJ will arrest him.  Just kidding.  Pam Bondi is doesn't do anything. permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 17 minutes ago Doing so much nothing requires much effort. Make no mistake, Scam Blondi is playing for the other team. permalink parent award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 6 minutes ago Being a guest on FOX News is hard work , maybe in a couple years they will give her a paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 2 points 17 minutes ago Doing so much nothing requires much effort. Make no mistake, Scam Blondi is playing for the other team. permalink parent award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 6 minutes ago Being a guest on FOX News is hard work , maybe in a couple years they will give her a paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 6 minutes ago Being a guest on FOX News is hard work , maybe in a couple years they will give her a paycheck. permalink parent award report block reply
utfanx2 2 points 1 hour ago Ask them to stop China from using slave labor. permalink award report block reply
CrankyCrab 2 points 1 hour ago Chicago mayor is a fucking dunce! permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 1 hour ago The quickest way to reduce the violence is for this piece of shit to do his job. But that would mean he can't give away stolen tax dollars to his race hustlers. permalink award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 1 hour ago Deport him permalink award report block reply
schnazzmizzle 2 points 1 hour ago The UN helped bring them to the US. permalink award report block reply
here2red 2 points 1 hour ago What? LOL permalink award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 1 points 46 minutes ago stop funding the UN.  we pay for the vast majority of it, like we do other globohomo orgs. permalink award report block reply
ActNow 1 points 22 minutes ago Brandon Johnson is sooo paid for by the globalists. permalink award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 45 minutes ago Yes, send UN troops into the US. DO IT, FAGGOT! permalink award report block reply
HunterBidensPC 1 points 43 minutes ago Kids being raped and beheaded all around the world and this faggot thinks the US has a humanitarian crisis that the world needs to stop just because invaders aren’t getting free shit permalink award report block reply
emorphia 1 points 42 minutes ago he is calling on a foreign power to intervene in US politics and law ?  ah well.. he will not be arrested or prosecuted so who cares at this time.  sedition should be the least of his charges. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 5 minutes ago Sedition only applies to Republicans. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 5 minutes ago Sedition only applies to Republicans. permalink parent award report block reply
gaijin_ronin 1 points 41 minutes ago This goon needs to be hanged. permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 31 minutes ago He can call on anything he wants. There is no Judges in America willing to prosecute Traitors if Democrat. They are above the Law and seemingly Trump does not have the power to change that. The Globalist Plan is to de-stabilize America and bring in the UN to restore Law and Order. That is they GLOBAL PLAN in fact. That is why the UN should be immediately expelled from USA and America should withdrawal. However Billionaires like Trump have much to gain from a Global Governance. permalink award report block reply
BasedMillennial 1 points 41 minutes ago What a retard. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 1 points 40 minutes ago Ape permalink award report block reply
ohwell316 1 points 54 minutes ago Powder  blue  makes a nice background  for a red dot permalink award report block reply
magnokor 1 points 38 minutes ago This is worse than the Civil War, or the tax cuts. Not only conspiring with foreign enemy forces to take over the USA, but announcing the declaration publicly to cause trouble, jailed for life would certainly make sense. Brandon. Let's go. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 51 minutes ago If there were a cartoon movie about deportations ,Brandon would be the ICE Miser Villian doing the dumbest shit never tried, and failing every time, with a ridiculous Hershey kiss on top. permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 1 points 49 minutes ago Negotiating with foreign powers?  If he actually met with anybody we are somewhere between the Logan Act and Treason. permalink award report block reply
itspancakees 1 points 10 minutes ago This is espionage why isn't he already arrested? permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 46 minutes ago He's accelerating the playbook early The Demoncrats' plan is to foment civil war and call in the UN Army to "help". One World Government to follow permalink award report block reply