111 Rubio: "Russia is destroying air defense systems supplied to Ukraine just a week after delivery." Maybe stop wasting money and equipment then? posted 2 hours ago by Bidensuckscocks 12 comments award share report block
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Roadpower 4 points 2 hours ago I don't like Rubio but after listening to this five times I never heard him use those words that are in quotes. Wrong clip? permalink award report block reply iamherefortheluls 4 points 47 minutes ago yep, OP is posting fake bullshit permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean -1 points 49 minutes ago Anything anti-Ukraine here is just the Russians, or people karma-whoring from RT and Pravda without any concept of propaganda. I mean, it's probably true, fuck Ukraine, but also who cares, nobody is going to post clips on that war without some extra interest. I'm actually a lot more interested in the shadow-fleet sanctions than some missiles we sold getting blown up. permalink parent award report block reply MoreGuns 3 points 2 hours ago Thats the story with every peice of equipment wasted on the Kohkol fucks permalink award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 2 hours ago An entire week? Come on Putin, you can do better. Let's get this thing put to bed. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago Im a combat infantry vet rooting for Russia while my President sucks off jihadi terrorist in the White House...what a crazy time to be alive. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 60 minutes ago Crazy stuff  11 bravo, brother. permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 54 minutes ago Acceptable losses to DC because the MIC must feed permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 39 minutes ago WHY. ARE. WE. GIVING. THIS. CRIMINAL. ENTERPRISE. WEAPONS. STILL. permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 1 points 14 minutes ago You step back and view this pointless, totally preventable war, and it's like Smedley Butler was never more correct.  Keeping my faith in Trump, that he can find a way to end cold war 2.0.  It's so unbelievably stupid, we need to get the fuck out of NATO, should have done it years ago. permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 1 hour ago Weird it's like they're at war or something. permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 1 points 1 hour ago DC believes this can be a purchased win. HA The conflict in Ukraine has evolved past border skirmish. That's the whole point Russia activated against the Biden coup. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 4 points 2 hours ago I don't like Rubio but after listening to this five times I never heard him use those words that are in quotes. Wrong clip? permalink award report block reply iamherefortheluls 4 points 47 minutes ago yep, OP is posting fake bullshit permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean -1 points 49 minutes ago Anything anti-Ukraine here is just the Russians, or people karma-whoring from RT and Pravda without any concept of propaganda. I mean, it's probably true, fuck Ukraine, but also who cares, nobody is going to post clips on that war without some extra interest. I'm actually a lot more interested in the shadow-fleet sanctions than some missiles we sold getting blown up. permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 4 points 47 minutes ago yep, OP is posting fake bullshit permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean -1 points 49 minutes ago Anything anti-Ukraine here is just the Russians, or people karma-whoring from RT and Pravda without any concept of propaganda. I mean, it's probably true, fuck Ukraine, but also who cares, nobody is going to post clips on that war without some extra interest. I'm actually a lot more interested in the shadow-fleet sanctions than some missiles we sold getting blown up. permalink parent award report block reply
MoreGuns 3 points 2 hours ago Thats the story with every peice of equipment wasted on the Kohkol fucks permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 3 points 2 hours ago An entire week? Come on Putin, you can do better. Let's get this thing put to bed. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago Im a combat infantry vet rooting for Russia while my President sucks off jihadi terrorist in the White House...what a crazy time to be alive. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 60 minutes ago Crazy stuff  11 bravo, brother. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 6 points 1 hour ago Im a combat infantry vet rooting for Russia while my President sucks off jihadi terrorist in the White House...what a crazy time to be alive. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 60 minutes ago Crazy stuff  11 bravo, brother. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 3 points 60 minutes ago Crazy stuff  11 bravo, brother. permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 54 minutes ago Acceptable losses to DC because the MIC must feed permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 39 minutes ago WHY. ARE. WE. GIVING. THIS. CRIMINAL. ENTERPRISE. WEAPONS. STILL. permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 1 points 14 minutes ago You step back and view this pointless, totally preventable war, and it's like Smedley Butler was never more correct.  Keeping my faith in Trump, that he can find a way to end cold war 2.0.  It's so unbelievably stupid, we need to get the fuck out of NATO, should have done it years ago. permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 1 points 1 hour ago Weird it's like they're at war or something. permalink award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 1 points 1 hour ago DC believes this can be a purchased win. HA The conflict in Ukraine has evolved past border skirmish. That's the whole point Russia activated against the Biden coup. permalink award report block reply