18 When you have to develop "Anti-Rape" underwear, your government has failed you. posted 2 hours ago by _Liberty_Prime_ 8 comments award share report block Mio_Sub🇯🇵 @MyColleagueMio2 • 12h In Europe, anti-rape underwear for women has been developed. Many hope that such protection will never become necessary in Japan.
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Dermatologist Begs: "Do This for Hair Loss Instead of Transplant" HaloGrow FusionBlack 6 points 2 hours ago If they could carry a real weapon they would stop the assault entirely. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 2 hours ago LMFAO they can't even carry pepper spray XD permalink parent award report block reply dburt2 3 points 2 hours ago How about a chastity belt, that would cut off a pecker. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 3 points 2 hours ago I remember some person invented this spiked tube thing that women can insert, so if someone tries to rape them their dick gets stuck in it and they have to go to the hospital permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 2 points 2 hours ago How easy are they to get off when she has to pee really bad and she’s running for the bathroom? permalink award report block reply lefty295 1 points 2 hours ago The problem with gimmicks like this, is someone comes along with a weapon and says “take those off or I’ll use it”. Making it irrelevant. It’s like having a super long password for your bank account that you leave on a sticky note on your front door. Someone can just walk up and read it if they’re motivated. permalink award report block reply skuts 1 points 2 hours ago The septum ring and purple hair didn't work? If some dude wants to rape you, some stupid voodoo underwear isn't going to stop him. What happens if you've got to pee real bad or you get the suddenly shits, what then? permalink award report block reply Patriot4TN -2 points 1 hour ago Just rape the mouth... But really this being designed shows how wild the clown world really is. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 6 points 2 hours ago If they could carry a real weapon they would stop the assault entirely. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 2 hours ago LMFAO they can't even carry pepper spray XD permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 2 hours ago LMFAO they can't even carry pepper spray XD permalink parent award report block reply
dburt2 3 points 2 hours ago How about a chastity belt, that would cut off a pecker. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 3 points 2 hours ago I remember some person invented this spiked tube thing that women can insert, so if someone tries to rape them their dick gets stuck in it and they have to go to the hospital permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 3 points 2 hours ago I remember some person invented this spiked tube thing that women can insert, so if someone tries to rape them their dick gets stuck in it and they have to go to the hospital permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 2 points 2 hours ago How easy are they to get off when she has to pee really bad and she’s running for the bathroom? permalink award report block reply
lefty295 1 points 2 hours ago The problem with gimmicks like this, is someone comes along with a weapon and says “take those off or I’ll use it”. Making it irrelevant. It’s like having a super long password for your bank account that you leave on a sticky note on your front door. Someone can just walk up and read it if they’re motivated. permalink award report block reply
skuts 1 points 2 hours ago The septum ring and purple hair didn't work? If some dude wants to rape you, some stupid voodoo underwear isn't going to stop him. What happens if you've got to pee real bad or you get the suddenly shits, what then? permalink award report block reply
Patriot4TN -2 points 1 hour ago Just rape the mouth... But really this being designed shows how wild the clown world really is. permalink award report block reply