347 Trump needs a new course action posted 6 days ago by truthjusticetruth 39 comments award share report block Trump needs to ignore the Middle East including Israel. He needs to ignore Ukraine Russia mumbo jumbo. He needs to pay attention to election fraud and the judge issue in America. The media is having a field day with Tuesday’s outcome as a win and is now pivoting to tariffs. The serpent of old, Schumer is loving all this. Anyway that’s my soapbox. To recap Trump needs to pay attention only to election fraud, deportations (he has to pump those numbers up), and the biggest evil of all our Bolshevik judge issue.
39 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save medicpatriot 33 points 6 days ago If I’m president here’s my foreign policy. We trade goods, other than that we mind our own business. Fuck off if you want anything. Attack us and we drop some nuclear bombs on you. End of policy. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver -11 points 6 days ago What a treat to hear such valuable advice for GEOTUS concerning how he should run the country! Backseat driving is really THE most under-appreciated skill of all. If only people would do it more, GEOTUS could easily solve all our problems with it. permalink parent award report block reply BerettaStroker 3 points 6 days ago gargle, gargle, gargle Only 50 more required posts today gargling Israeli cum before they'll shoot one in your ass to keep all night, Yahara, you're almost there! permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 6 days ago Are you giving AL ZUTT lessons?? Sorry, I’m not a faggot muslim 🤷‍♂️ permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 19 points 6 days ago im pretty sure the economy and us government are close to collapse so i think his priority should be cutting the federal spending down to almost nothing permalink award report block reply BurtMcGirt 10 points 6 days ago People who work can't afford food or housing, people who don't work and/or shouldn't be here get it for free. Natural gas is going up 50% soon, and it's already expensive. The stock market is as artificially propped up now as it was during the Biden Regime. Globohomopedo wants the whole thing to come crashing during between now and midterms. I love President Trump, but I don't see anything being done to stop it. I think that's because the neocon Wing of the Uniparty actively wants this to happen, so they can finally move past America First. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 7 points 6 days ago if you look at your natural gas bill, only like 10 percent of it is paying for the actual gas permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 5 points 6 days ago Which speaks to the retardation of the GOP. They think they can get the uniparty band back together but fail to realize the dems will get more and more radicals elected and those radicals want their heads on a pike. They won't be sharing power, that's for damn sure. There are a ton of boomer, old guard dems that will retire or die soon. They won't be replaced with the same old Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 3 points 6 days ago A Republican cutting spending? Especially President Trump? lol permalink parent award report block reply CommieCucker 3 points 6 days ago I've been saying we need austerity for a long time permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Lol, we just added almost 2 trillion in new spending. permalink parent award report block reply fluffykitten 9 points 6 days ago How can Trump ignore Israel? They control the Federal Reserve, the markets, real estate, Hollywood & the media, his daughter, and most of the Republicans & Democrats. permalink award report block reply mojorisen 6 points 6 days ago THIS!  Trump doesn't give a fuck about Israel but how do you ignore a country and embedded political lobby that has basically ran your economy and wars for the last 30 years? You play ball with them and try to figure something out or you get several assassination attempts targeted toward you.  Most of the Republican party is also captured by this apparatus that has taken over our government.  How are you as a President supposed to pass legislation without these key Republicans helping you? Unfortunately Trump has to play politics.  The politics don't look good on him but the alternative is assassination/prison/bankruptcy or at the very least a lame duck Presidency. There is absolutely no other politician on earth that wouldn't have already given in 100% to the entrenched Israeli influence.   Any other President and we would currently have boots on the ground in Iran. Trump is the best we can get. permalink parent award report block reply Greenhills 8 points 6 days ago I don’t want one dumbass foreign policy question from the press anymore. None. Zero. permalink award report block reply Krat 8 points 6 days ago 0 arrests permalink award report block reply spezisacuckold 6 points 6 days ago 0 arrests is basically negative arrests, because the longer it stays 0 the more it enables the enemy. They laugh with impunity. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 2 points 6 days ago He can ignore their rulings with some pretense. Like the Left would do. permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 1 points 6 days ago They got old Bolton. A Republican. That'll show them. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago O really?!? His mugshot was paraded on every screen in the nation? Hes behind bars today?? permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 6 days ago What are you trying to say, Lassie? Speak girl. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago Hes not in jail.... 0 arrests still permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SCHULTZ 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 7 points 6 days ago I will add. Trump needs to empty out more departments and gut them as far as the law allows. Use the shut down and don't stop cutting until the Dems give in. Use the savings to pay the military, air traffic controllers, the 50 or so people actually qualified for snap benefits. If that is not enough, cut Congress's pay. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 5 points 6 days ago So, like, America First. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 5 points 6 days ago Dems had an exclusive internal policy focus for this year, while Trump was distracted in the Middle East and Ukraine. We need an exclusively internal focus as well. Arrest criminals, defeat obstructionists, fund friendlies. Get out the vote effort, and focus on the base not the doner class. permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 6 days ago Who cares what the MSM says though? permalink award report block reply alcibiades_hammer 2 points 6 days ago We gotta clean our own porch before we get involved elsewhere. permalink award report block reply billybaldwin2 1 points 6 days ago Bombing the shit out of the nuke sites made people like my aunt feel safe. She's been living under the specter of Iran nuking us for what half a century now? She still hates Trump, but she feels better about their nuke program being... nuked. permalink award report block reply here2red 1 points 6 days ago He's the President of the United States. He has to do BOTH. Dems always campaign on AFFORDABILITY. Its all bullshit. They're the problem. Look at New York, Cali, and Chicago. Hello???? permalink award report block reply Deplorable_Yankee 7 points 6 days ago Can you show me in the constitution where it says the POTUS is also the ONLY president in the world who has to police the world with my tax dollars?  I can’t find that section. permalink parent award report block reply here2red 4 points 6 days ago I didnt say he has to POLICE the world. All I said he has to deal with it. And if you were President you would have to deal with it too. You cant just stick you fingers in your ears and "I cant hear you" like a child permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 6 days ago I assure you, that while we would love to see judges hauled out, the larger American populace is not ready for this. Going to war with the judicial branch is a losing proposition. Fight it, criticize it, push back. Sure, all day long. But you start a judge purge and try to install rubber stampers in their place, and we're going to get fucking steamrolled. permalink award report block reply danneskjold -1 points 6 days ago You act like he can't do more than one thing at a time. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 10 points 6 days ago Apparently he can‘t. permalink parent award report block reply danneskjold 1 points 6 days ago You recognize that he can't get rid of judges?  He can only appoint new ones.  Only Congress has the power to remove judges. permalink parent award report block reply Reefay 1 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's enough dirty shit on all these judges that the DOJ could arrest them. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 0 points 6 days ago 1: He's doing a bang-up job of it 2: Priorities exist all of his seem directed toward other countries at the moment. America needs fixing more than anything right now. Then Ukraine and Russia so that doesn't become a global hotflash event Back to US and surrounding neighbors (cartels) permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
medicpatriot 33 points 6 days ago If I’m president here’s my foreign policy. We trade goods, other than that we mind our own business. Fuck off if you want anything. Attack us and we drop some nuclear bombs on you. End of policy. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver -11 points 6 days ago What a treat to hear such valuable advice for GEOTUS concerning how he should run the country! Backseat driving is really THE most under-appreciated skill of all. If only people would do it more, GEOTUS could easily solve all our problems with it. permalink parent award report block reply BerettaStroker 3 points 6 days ago gargle, gargle, gargle Only 50 more required posts today gargling Israeli cum before they'll shoot one in your ass to keep all night, Yahara, you're almost there! permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 6 days ago Are you giving AL ZUTT lessons?? Sorry, I’m not a faggot muslim 🤷‍♂️ permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -11 points 6 days ago What a treat to hear such valuable advice for GEOTUS concerning how he should run the country! Backseat driving is really THE most under-appreciated skill of all. If only people would do it more, GEOTUS could easily solve all our problems with it. permalink parent award report block reply BerettaStroker 3 points 6 days ago gargle, gargle, gargle Only 50 more required posts today gargling Israeli cum before they'll shoot one in your ass to keep all night, Yahara, you're almost there! permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 6 days ago Are you giving AL ZUTT lessons?? Sorry, I’m not a faggot muslim 🤷‍♂️ permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker 3 points 6 days ago gargle, gargle, gargle Only 50 more required posts today gargling Israeli cum before they'll shoot one in your ass to keep all night, Yahara, you're almost there! permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 6 days ago Are you giving AL ZUTT lessons?? Sorry, I’m not a faggot muslim 🤷‍♂️ permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -2 points 6 days ago Are you giving AL ZUTT lessons?? Sorry, I’m not a faggot muslim 🤷‍♂️ permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 19 points 6 days ago im pretty sure the economy and us government are close to collapse so i think his priority should be cutting the federal spending down to almost nothing permalink award report block reply BurtMcGirt 10 points 6 days ago People who work can't afford food or housing, people who don't work and/or shouldn't be here get it for free. Natural gas is going up 50% soon, and it's already expensive. The stock market is as artificially propped up now as it was during the Biden Regime. Globohomopedo wants the whole thing to come crashing during between now and midterms. I love President Trump, but I don't see anything being done to stop it. I think that's because the neocon Wing of the Uniparty actively wants this to happen, so they can finally move past America First. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 7 points 6 days ago if you look at your natural gas bill, only like 10 percent of it is paying for the actual gas permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 5 points 6 days ago Which speaks to the retardation of the GOP. They think they can get the uniparty band back together but fail to realize the dems will get more and more radicals elected and those radicals want their heads on a pike. They won't be sharing power, that's for damn sure. There are a ton of boomer, old guard dems that will retire or die soon. They won't be replaced with the same old Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 3 points 6 days ago A Republican cutting spending? Especially President Trump? lol permalink parent award report block reply CommieCucker 3 points 6 days ago I've been saying we need austerity for a long time permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Lol, we just added almost 2 trillion in new spending. permalink parent award report block reply
BurtMcGirt 10 points 6 days ago People who work can't afford food or housing, people who don't work and/or shouldn't be here get it for free. Natural gas is going up 50% soon, and it's already expensive. The stock market is as artificially propped up now as it was during the Biden Regime. Globohomopedo wants the whole thing to come crashing during between now and midterms. I love President Trump, but I don't see anything being done to stop it. I think that's because the neocon Wing of the Uniparty actively wants this to happen, so they can finally move past America First. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 7 points 6 days ago if you look at your natural gas bill, only like 10 percent of it is paying for the actual gas permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 5 points 6 days ago Which speaks to the retardation of the GOP. They think they can get the uniparty band back together but fail to realize the dems will get more and more radicals elected and those radicals want their heads on a pike. They won't be sharing power, that's for damn sure. There are a ton of boomer, old guard dems that will retire or die soon. They won't be replaced with the same old Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 7 points 6 days ago if you look at your natural gas bill, only like 10 percent of it is paying for the actual gas permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 5 points 6 days ago Which speaks to the retardation of the GOP. They think they can get the uniparty band back together but fail to realize the dems will get more and more radicals elected and those radicals want their heads on a pike. They won't be sharing power, that's for damn sure. There are a ton of boomer, old guard dems that will retire or die soon. They won't be replaced with the same old Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 3 points 6 days ago A Republican cutting spending? Especially President Trump? lol permalink parent award report block reply
CommieCucker 3 points 6 days ago I've been saying we need austerity for a long time permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 6 days ago Lol, we just added almost 2 trillion in new spending. permalink parent award report block reply
fluffykitten 9 points 6 days ago How can Trump ignore Israel? They control the Federal Reserve, the markets, real estate, Hollywood & the media, his daughter, and most of the Republicans & Democrats. permalink award report block reply mojorisen 6 points 6 days ago THIS!  Trump doesn't give a fuck about Israel but how do you ignore a country and embedded political lobby that has basically ran your economy and wars for the last 30 years? You play ball with them and try to figure something out or you get several assassination attempts targeted toward you.  Most of the Republican party is also captured by this apparatus that has taken over our government.  How are you as a President supposed to pass legislation without these key Republicans helping you? Unfortunately Trump has to play politics.  The politics don't look good on him but the alternative is assassination/prison/bankruptcy or at the very least a lame duck Presidency. There is absolutely no other politician on earth that wouldn't have already given in 100% to the entrenched Israeli influence.   Any other President and we would currently have boots on the ground in Iran. Trump is the best we can get. permalink parent award report block reply
mojorisen 6 points 6 days ago THIS!  Trump doesn't give a fuck about Israel but how do you ignore a country and embedded political lobby that has basically ran your economy and wars for the last 30 years? You play ball with them and try to figure something out or you get several assassination attempts targeted toward you.  Most of the Republican party is also captured by this apparatus that has taken over our government.  How are you as a President supposed to pass legislation without these key Republicans helping you? Unfortunately Trump has to play politics.  The politics don't look good on him but the alternative is assassination/prison/bankruptcy or at the very least a lame duck Presidency. There is absolutely no other politician on earth that wouldn't have already given in 100% to the entrenched Israeli influence.   Any other President and we would currently have boots on the ground in Iran. Trump is the best we can get. permalink parent award report block reply
Greenhills 8 points 6 days ago I don’t want one dumbass foreign policy question from the press anymore. None. Zero. permalink award report block reply
Krat 8 points 6 days ago 0 arrests permalink award report block reply spezisacuckold 6 points 6 days ago 0 arrests is basically negative arrests, because the longer it stays 0 the more it enables the enemy. They laugh with impunity. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 2 points 6 days ago He can ignore their rulings with some pretense. Like the Left would do. permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 1 points 6 days ago They got old Bolton. A Republican. That'll show them. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago O really?!? His mugshot was paraded on every screen in the nation? Hes behind bars today?? permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 6 days ago What are you trying to say, Lassie? Speak girl. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago Hes not in jail.... 0 arrests still permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SCHULTZ 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 6 points 6 days ago 0 arrests is basically negative arrests, because the longer it stays 0 the more it enables the enemy. They laugh with impunity. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 2 points 6 days ago He can ignore their rulings with some pretense. Like the Left would do. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 2 points 6 days ago He can ignore their rulings with some pretense. Like the Left would do. permalink parent award report block reply
Drekken- 1 points 6 days ago They got old Bolton. A Republican. That'll show them. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago O really?!? His mugshot was paraded on every screen in the nation? Hes behind bars today?? permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 6 days ago What are you trying to say, Lassie? Speak girl. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago Hes not in jail.... 0 arrests still permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Krat 1 points 6 days ago O really?!? His mugshot was paraded on every screen in the nation? Hes behind bars today?? permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 6 days ago What are you trying to say, Lassie? Speak girl. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago Hes not in jail.... 0 arrests still permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Drekken- 2 points 6 days ago What are you trying to say, Lassie? Speak girl. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 6 days ago Hes not in jail.... 0 arrests still permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Krat 1 points 6 days ago Hes not in jail.... 0 arrests still permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SCHULTZ 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 7 points 6 days ago I will add. Trump needs to empty out more departments and gut them as far as the law allows. Use the shut down and don't stop cutting until the Dems give in. Use the savings to pay the military, air traffic controllers, the 50 or so people actually qualified for snap benefits. If that is not enough, cut Congress's pay. permalink award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 5 points 6 days ago So, like, America First. permalink award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 5 points 6 days ago Dems had an exclusive internal policy focus for this year, while Trump was distracted in the Middle East and Ukraine. We need an exclusively internal focus as well. Arrest criminals, defeat obstructionists, fund friendlies. Get out the vote effort, and focus on the base not the doner class. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 6 days ago Who cares what the MSM says though? permalink award report block reply
alcibiades_hammer 2 points 6 days ago We gotta clean our own porch before we get involved elsewhere. permalink award report block reply
billybaldwin2 1 points 6 days ago Bombing the shit out of the nuke sites made people like my aunt feel safe. She's been living under the specter of Iran nuking us for what half a century now? She still hates Trump, but she feels better about their nuke program being... nuked. permalink award report block reply
here2red 1 points 6 days ago He's the President of the United States. He has to do BOTH. Dems always campaign on AFFORDABILITY. Its all bullshit. They're the problem. Look at New York, Cali, and Chicago. Hello???? permalink award report block reply Deplorable_Yankee 7 points 6 days ago Can you show me in the constitution where it says the POTUS is also the ONLY president in the world who has to police the world with my tax dollars?  I can’t find that section. permalink parent award report block reply here2red 4 points 6 days ago I didnt say he has to POLICE the world. All I said he has to deal with it. And if you were President you would have to deal with it too. You cant just stick you fingers in your ears and "I cant hear you" like a child permalink parent award report block reply
Deplorable_Yankee 7 points 6 days ago Can you show me in the constitution where it says the POTUS is also the ONLY president in the world who has to police the world with my tax dollars?  I can’t find that section. permalink parent award report block reply here2red 4 points 6 days ago I didnt say he has to POLICE the world. All I said he has to deal with it. And if you were President you would have to deal with it too. You cant just stick you fingers in your ears and "I cant hear you" like a child permalink parent award report block reply
here2red 4 points 6 days ago I didnt say he has to POLICE the world. All I said he has to deal with it. And if you were President you would have to deal with it too. You cant just stick you fingers in your ears and "I cant hear you" like a child permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -1 points 6 days ago I assure you, that while we would love to see judges hauled out, the larger American populace is not ready for this. Going to war with the judicial branch is a losing proposition. Fight it, criticize it, push back. Sure, all day long. But you start a judge purge and try to install rubber stampers in their place, and we're going to get fucking steamrolled. permalink award report block reply
danneskjold -1 points 6 days ago You act like he can't do more than one thing at a time. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 10 points 6 days ago Apparently he can‘t. permalink parent award report block reply danneskjold 1 points 6 days ago You recognize that he can't get rid of judges?  He can only appoint new ones.  Only Congress has the power to remove judges. permalink parent award report block reply Reefay 1 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's enough dirty shit on all these judges that the DOJ could arrest them. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ 0 points 6 days ago 1: He's doing a bang-up job of it 2: Priorities exist all of his seem directed toward other countries at the moment. America needs fixing more than anything right now. Then Ukraine and Russia so that doesn't become a global hotflash event Back to US and surrounding neighbors (cartels) permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 10 points 6 days ago Apparently he can‘t. permalink parent award report block reply danneskjold 1 points 6 days ago You recognize that he can't get rid of judges?  He can only appoint new ones.  Only Congress has the power to remove judges. permalink parent award report block reply Reefay 1 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's enough dirty shit on all these judges that the DOJ could arrest them. permalink parent award report block reply
danneskjold 1 points 6 days ago You recognize that he can't get rid of judges?  He can only appoint new ones.  Only Congress has the power to remove judges. permalink parent award report block reply Reefay 1 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's enough dirty shit on all these judges that the DOJ could arrest them. permalink parent award report block reply
Reefay 1 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's enough dirty shit on all these judges that the DOJ could arrest them. permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ 0 points 6 days ago 1: He's doing a bang-up job of it 2: Priorities exist all of his seem directed toward other countries at the moment. America needs fixing more than anything right now. Then Ukraine and Russia so that doesn't become a global hotflash event Back to US and surrounding neighbors (cartels) permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply