621 I Have No Problem With Helping The Needy posted 5 days ago by hecubus 19 comments award share download report block
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Doctor: A Teaspoon Kills All Worms in Your Body! Paratoxil briansoprano 10 points 4 days ago Nothing says "nutrition" like grape soda, BBQ.potato chips & Jolly Ranchers for breakfast permalink award report block reply friarfox 9 points 5 days ago Snickers and Fritos are 'needed' it seems. permalink award report block reply 26magarat 7 points 4 days ago There's a difference between "need" and "want." Too many people don't realize this. permalink award report block reply DeplorableNeandertal 6 points 4 days ago I was commenting on one of my lefty acquaintances fakebook after he/ze/they where lamenting about the ebt Americans needing their gibmedats. I told him “you know you can personally hand the needy food, clothing and toiletries you dont have to rely on the government” he hasn’t replied yet but I bet it’s in TDS fashion. permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 5 points 4 days ago When the most common health issue with the poor in your nation is morbid obesity (and several of the next ranking ones are issues that come from being obese) we're not helping the needy, we're enabling a bunch of fat leaches. permalink award report block reply HeatherSwanson 4 points 4 days ago How about buying booze and drugs for the partyer who never grew up? permalink award report block reply hecubus OP 6 points 4 days ago I support my own habits with dependence on nobody else. Learn the difference. No crime or fraud necessary. 😎 permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 2 points 4 days ago I have no problem with churches and charities helping the needy. I do, however, take issue with the government funding the lazy with stolen tax dollars. permalink award report block reply Settin 2 points 4 days ago 👆Nobody needs to be collecting a salary and pension skimmed off the money for the needy. permalink parent award report block reply d003 2 points 4 days ago forced charity is not charity, it is slavery permalink award report block reply GreyKnight 1 points 4 days ago Compulsory taxation for any aid is no longer help. It is and has been socialism for decades if not nearly a century. SNAP, EBT, food stamps, welfare, cash aid or anything else should be funded only out of opt in funding on a small section on a W4 or some other form with a percent or flat amount option. Let companies virtue signal instead of raising their prices to fund massive commercial campaigns, release a simple commercial about using that wasted money on ads to feed the fat, lazy, sick and nearly starving women with an average weight of over 240. permalink award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 1 points 4 days ago I don’t have a problem with helping the needy if I’m deciding when and where to do it. I do have a problem with my money being taken by force to do it. permalink award report block reply Fanakapan 1 points 4 days ago Any system that sets out to help the Halt and the Lame, needs from the outset to realise that it will be a magnet for the Lazy.
Welfare as it is now set up, is nothing more than a scheme to enrol Democrat voters. permalink award report block reply BooKoo 1 points 4 days ago 70% of SNAP recipients are either children, elderly, or disabled. the remaining 28% of all SNAP recipients are employed with 17% of them working full-time. yeah... what a buncha freeloaders. Anyway, how you guys like that bitchin new ballroom huh?  $350 million and worth every penny!  Am I right? permalink award report block reply Pearcesarrow 1 points 4 days ago Only 2% are non-working Adults? I say bullshit. 50% of people labeled “disabled” are  merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices. I’m intimately acquainted with the scam permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 2 points 4 days ago "are merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices"  Yes, and should not qualify based on these circumstances.  Should have fitness requirements to qualify to prevent folks intentionally sabotaging their health just to get gibs.  Until Obama lifted it, ABAWDS had a limit of 3 months of benefits out of every 3 years.  Once Obama lifted that, folks found out all they had to do was disable their bodies to get unlimited benefits. permalink parent award report block reply BooKoo 1 points 4 days ago you know, just because so want to believe something is bullshit doesn't make it bullshit.  How hard is it to look up these stats?  Although I'm sure you'll just cry "fake news" when the facts don't fit your fiction. If you're "intimately acquainted with the scam" than I'm assuming you're part of the 2% that leech.  Good job 👍 permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 4 days ago New Testament specifically addresses this. Able to work, and won’t, don’t eat. permalink award report block reply Lower 1 points 4 days ago I have a problem being forced to help the needy.
I like donating. My mandatory taxes should not go towards fullfilling someones lifestyle that I did not choose to even help with. permalink award report block reply YearninNation 1 points 4 days ago How about addressing usury/compound interest, mandatory insurance, DEI and income tax? permalink award report block reply
briansoprano 10 points 4 days ago Nothing says "nutrition" like grape soda, BBQ.potato chips & Jolly Ranchers for breakfast permalink award report block reply
friarfox 9 points 5 days ago Snickers and Fritos are 'needed' it seems. permalink award report block reply
26magarat 7 points 4 days ago There's a difference between "need" and "want." Too many people don't realize this. permalink award report block reply
DeplorableNeandertal 6 points 4 days ago I was commenting on one of my lefty acquaintances fakebook after he/ze/they where lamenting about the ebt Americans needing their gibmedats. I told him “you know you can personally hand the needy food, clothing and toiletries you dont have to rely on the government” he hasn’t replied yet but I bet it’s in TDS fashion. permalink award report block reply
ModernKnight 5 points 4 days ago When the most common health issue with the poor in your nation is morbid obesity (and several of the next ranking ones are issues that come from being obese) we're not helping the needy, we're enabling a bunch of fat leaches. permalink award report block reply
HeatherSwanson 4 points 4 days ago How about buying booze and drugs for the partyer who never grew up? permalink award report block reply hecubus OP 6 points 4 days ago I support my own habits with dependence on nobody else. Learn the difference. No crime or fraud necessary. 😎 permalink parent award report block reply
hecubus OP 6 points 4 days ago I support my own habits with dependence on nobody else. Learn the difference. No crime or fraud necessary. 😎 permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 2 points 4 days ago I have no problem with churches and charities helping the needy. I do, however, take issue with the government funding the lazy with stolen tax dollars. permalink award report block reply Settin 2 points 4 days ago 👆Nobody needs to be collecting a salary and pension skimmed off the money for the needy. permalink parent award report block reply
Settin 2 points 4 days ago 👆Nobody needs to be collecting a salary and pension skimmed off the money for the needy. permalink parent award report block reply
d003 2 points 4 days ago forced charity is not charity, it is slavery permalink award report block reply
GreyKnight 1 points 4 days ago Compulsory taxation for any aid is no longer help. It is and has been socialism for decades if not nearly a century. SNAP, EBT, food stamps, welfare, cash aid or anything else should be funded only out of opt in funding on a small section on a W4 or some other form with a percent or flat amount option. Let companies virtue signal instead of raising their prices to fund massive commercial campaigns, release a simple commercial about using that wasted money on ads to feed the fat, lazy, sick and nearly starving women with an average weight of over 240. permalink award report block reply
AliceCooperBiden 1 points 4 days ago I don’t have a problem with helping the needy if I’m deciding when and where to do it. I do have a problem with my money being taken by force to do it. permalink award report block reply
Fanakapan 1 points 4 days ago Any system that sets out to help the Halt and the Lame, needs from the outset to realise that it will be a magnet for the Lazy.
Welfare as it is now set up, is nothing more than a scheme to enrol Democrat voters. permalink award report block reply
BooKoo 1 points 4 days ago 70% of SNAP recipients are either children, elderly, or disabled. the remaining 28% of all SNAP recipients are employed with 17% of them working full-time. yeah... what a buncha freeloaders. Anyway, how you guys like that bitchin new ballroom huh?  $350 million and worth every penny!  Am I right? permalink award report block reply Pearcesarrow 1 points 4 days ago Only 2% are non-working Adults? I say bullshit. 50% of people labeled “disabled” are  merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices. I’m intimately acquainted with the scam permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 2 points 4 days ago "are merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices"  Yes, and should not qualify based on these circumstances.  Should have fitness requirements to qualify to prevent folks intentionally sabotaging their health just to get gibs.  Until Obama lifted it, ABAWDS had a limit of 3 months of benefits out of every 3 years.  Once Obama lifted that, folks found out all they had to do was disable their bodies to get unlimited benefits. permalink parent award report block reply BooKoo 1 points 4 days ago you know, just because so want to believe something is bullshit doesn't make it bullshit.  How hard is it to look up these stats?  Although I'm sure you'll just cry "fake news" when the facts don't fit your fiction. If you're "intimately acquainted with the scam" than I'm assuming you're part of the 2% that leech.  Good job 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
Pearcesarrow 1 points 4 days ago Only 2% are non-working Adults? I say bullshit. 50% of people labeled “disabled” are  merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices. I’m intimately acquainted with the scam permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 2 points 4 days ago "are merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices"  Yes, and should not qualify based on these circumstances.  Should have fitness requirements to qualify to prevent folks intentionally sabotaging their health just to get gibs.  Until Obama lifted it, ABAWDS had a limit of 3 months of benefits out of every 3 years.  Once Obama lifted that, folks found out all they had to do was disable their bodies to get unlimited benefits. permalink parent award report block reply BooKoo 1 points 4 days ago you know, just because so want to believe something is bullshit doesn't make it bullshit.  How hard is it to look up these stats?  Although I'm sure you'll just cry "fake news" when the facts don't fit your fiction. If you're "intimately acquainted with the scam" than I'm assuming you're part of the 2% that leech.  Good job 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 2 points 4 days ago "are merely so because of their diet and lifestyle choices"  Yes, and should not qualify based on these circumstances.  Should have fitness requirements to qualify to prevent folks intentionally sabotaging their health just to get gibs.  Until Obama lifted it, ABAWDS had a limit of 3 months of benefits out of every 3 years.  Once Obama lifted that, folks found out all they had to do was disable their bodies to get unlimited benefits. permalink parent award report block reply
BooKoo 1 points 4 days ago you know, just because so want to believe something is bullshit doesn't make it bullshit.  How hard is it to look up these stats?  Although I'm sure you'll just cry "fake news" when the facts don't fit your fiction. If you're "intimately acquainted with the scam" than I'm assuming you're part of the 2% that leech.  Good job 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
Skyes 1 points 4 days ago New Testament specifically addresses this. Able to work, and won’t, don’t eat. permalink award report block reply
Lower 1 points 4 days ago I have a problem being forced to help the needy.
I like donating. My mandatory taxes should not go towards fullfilling someones lifestyle that I did not choose to even help with. permalink award report block reply
YearninNation 1 points 4 days ago How about addressing usury/compound interest, mandatory insurance, DEI and income tax? permalink award report block reply