16 Portable Mortgages. posted 4 hours ago by StrongIsland 5 comments award share report block Joseph Kravis @JosephKravis • 20h 1/7 🏠 BIG NEWS: Your mortgage might soon “follow” you when you move. Trump’s housing chief just green-lit portable mortgages. Keep your 3% rate, skip $10K refi fees. Sounds amazing… but there’s a catch. Let’s break it down simply.
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style cyberrigger 4 points 4 hours ago The problem isn't mortgages ---- the problem is our fuck-up fiat currency. permalink award report block reply sobriquet 1 points 3 hours ago And dismal growth in the economy outside of banks and AI. permalink parent award report block reply LessSwampMoreMAGA 2 points 3 hours ago This won’t help at all that first time home buyers are down to 20% of purchases from 50% in 2010 and the median age of buyers is now over 45. All it does is delay the housing crash. permalink award report block reply tomthung 1 points 4 hours ago Assumable mortgages would be good again too, they took them away because it allowed too much freedom. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland OP 1 points 4 hours ago This is new, just came across this post, looking into it further, it’s an interesting concept, not liking the privacy/govt aspect… permalink award report block reply
cyberrigger 4 points 4 hours ago The problem isn't mortgages ---- the problem is our fuck-up fiat currency. permalink award report block reply sobriquet 1 points 3 hours ago And dismal growth in the economy outside of banks and AI. permalink parent award report block reply
sobriquet 1 points 3 hours ago And dismal growth in the economy outside of banks and AI. permalink parent award report block reply
LessSwampMoreMAGA 2 points 3 hours ago This won’t help at all that first time home buyers are down to 20% of purchases from 50% in 2010 and the median age of buyers is now over 45. All it does is delay the housing crash. permalink award report block reply
tomthung 1 points 4 hours ago Assumable mortgages would be good again too, they took them away because it allowed too much freedom. permalink award report block reply
StrongIsland OP 1 points 4 hours ago This is new, just came across this post, looking into it further, it’s an interesting concept, not liking the privacy/govt aspect… permalink award report block reply