560 Your free trial is over…. STUPID  S.O.B. posted 1 day ago by Deadpool 6 comments award share download report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Stop Eating These 3 Foods That Are Known to Cause Parasites Paratoxil twentytwentyfourr 12 points 1 day ago "I'm from the government, and I'm here to fuck everything up!" permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 2 points 1 day ago I'm from the government, I'm here to rob you and then fuck everything up! permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago Congratulations!....success? permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 8 points 1 day ago Would it not have been just AWESOME if the Republicans decided to FLIP ON THE BUDGET VOTE  RIGHT NOW and vote to keep the Government Closed.... That would have been totally awesome. The government is INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS ... and it getting more and more dangerous every single day. permalink award report block reply Deadpool OP 5 points 1 day ago Republicans don’t want to fight and win.  It pisses me off.   We need fighters who want to save the republic. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 7 points 1 day ago Yes - we need fighters. Charlie Kirk, Trump, and a few others are the mold... permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 12 points 1 day ago "I'm from the government, and I'm here to fuck everything up!" permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 2 points 1 day ago I'm from the government, I'm here to rob you and then fuck everything up! permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago Congratulations!....success? permalink parent award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 2 points 1 day ago I'm from the government, I'm here to rob you and then fuck everything up! permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago Congratulations!....success? permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 8 points 1 day ago Would it not have been just AWESOME if the Republicans decided to FLIP ON THE BUDGET VOTE  RIGHT NOW and vote to keep the Government Closed.... That would have been totally awesome. The government is INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS ... and it getting more and more dangerous every single day. permalink award report block reply Deadpool OP 5 points 1 day ago Republicans don’t want to fight and win.  It pisses me off.   We need fighters who want to save the republic. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 7 points 1 day ago Yes - we need fighters. Charlie Kirk, Trump, and a few others are the mold... permalink parent award report block reply
Deadpool OP 5 points 1 day ago Republicans don’t want to fight and win.  It pisses me off.   We need fighters who want to save the republic. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 7 points 1 day ago Yes - we need fighters. Charlie Kirk, Trump, and a few others are the mold... permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 7 points 1 day ago Yes - we need fighters. Charlie Kirk, Trump, and a few others are the mold... permalink parent award report block reply