380 DoorDash down 20% after everyone realized a $27 cheeseburger costs $6 at the store posted 6 days ago by PiratePatriotParrot 37 comments award share report block Not Jerome Powell @alifarhat79 • 6d DoorDash down 20% after everyone realized a $27 cheeseburger costs $6 at the store
37 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save CleanUpPhillyTrump24 44 points 6 days ago No SNAP/EBT. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 10 points 6 days ago Scooped me permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 6 days ago two scoops? permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 4 points 6 days ago You could say they ... snapped back to reality YEEAAAAAAAAH sunglasses.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Say_what_again 4 points 6 days ago Won't get fooled again permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 6 days ago I'm seeing reports it was funded.  Can you confirm? permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 24 points 6 days ago Ebt shouldn't be able to be used for this. permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 6 points 6 days ago It's not - the 10 dollar snickers bar comes with free delivery. (Now we will know that it actually is used for this.) permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 11 points 6 days ago https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/Use-Your-SNAP-Benefits-on-DoorDash?language=en_US permalink award report block reply bratt 11 points 6 days ago I don't even know why you would want food delivered. There is only a few things that are ok after sitting 10-20 minutes like chinese or pizza. Then you have to pay extra for it. Food is much better served hot, not stuck in some dudes backpack on a bicycle. I don't even like getting takeout. If I do, I eat it in the parking lot. permalink award report block reply Kavantar 7 points 6 days ago As a single, working father... Son, I gotta work late, sending you dinner with DoorDash. It does solve the problem. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 7 points 6 days ago My parents worked full time. They worked late. I learned to cook. My brother at six years old was capable of making dinner. Teach your son to cook for himself. permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 1 points 5 days ago Amen to this. I work evenings. The wife is a SAHM but works a couple nights electively to get out and have some adult interaction. Our two youngest are home alone and the boys have been able to cook for themselves for years. Self-sufficient is important. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 1 points 5 days ago Buy premade quality shepherds pies and show him how to turn the oven on for the stated cooking time plus 7 minutes. Bit of side salad. Job done. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 6 points 6 days ago It's trannys or illegals delivering it. It's COLD by the time you get it and it's 5x the price. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 7 points 6 days ago I have never had more than pizza delivery. I have had dudes riding bicycles in front of me in the drive through, stuffing bags of hamburgers, fries and fountain drinks! into their backpacks. Yuck permalink parent award report block reply MakeFloridaRed 5 points 6 days ago Where’s my $10 tip too! permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 6 points 6 days ago My favorite things to read are negative restaurant reviews with people blaming the restaurants cause their doordash delivery took too long and delivered their food fucked up. Makes me wish dinosaurs were still around to eat the idiots. permalink parent award report block reply SpezDispenser 3 points 5 days ago It's convenient if you don't want to cook and live in a traffic riddled shithole. I had "free" door dash through my CC and used it sparingly. There will be a rare good deal where it costs the same to deliver as to drive and grab. Those deals are rare AF, but enticing when they're up. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 11 points 6 days ago Welcome to middle-class reality, SNAP'rs. permalink award report block reply Say_what_again 7 points 6 days ago Hard R permalink parent award report block reply 181degrees 7 points 6 days ago Here's something to piss you off even more. Doordash and many other delivery services will offer a pickup menu to restaurants. When you click to make a pickup order you're presented with a menu and text that says no fee. If you look carefully though you'll notice doordashes pick up menu prices are higher than the restaurants in store menu. So they basically lie to you about it being no fee. It's technically legal because you transact with doordash and then doordash charges a fee to the restaurant for facilitating the transaction. Still slimy as f*** expecting me to pay for the convenience of paying when doordash adds nothing of value to a pickup order permalink award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 7 points 6 days ago Shares of DoorDash (DASH) are plummeting in after-hours trading. The delivery company reported third quarter revenue that topped Wall Street estimates, but earnings fell short. The outlook for Q4 adjusted EBITDA was also disappointing for investors. permalink award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 5 points 6 days ago Is this real? permalink award report block reply OpusX 7 points 6 days ago Which part? DoorDash stocks in freefall? Or that you can use EBT to order takeout? Because both are true. permalink parent award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 4 points 6 days ago Is the free fall due to EBT?  EBT should only apply to non-taxable cold grocery items. No prepared food.  No name brand, generic only.  Only ground beef no choice cuts. permalink parent award report block reply OpusX 4 points 6 days ago It's a number of issues, but the current government shutdown certainly isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 5 points 6 days ago Doordash is most definitely intertwined with snap. Use SNAP/EBT for Grocery Delivery https://share.google/z0soDRqt5H0u1xLEf permalink award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 3 points 5 days ago I worked there and the place of full of marxist harpies. permalink award report block reply snoozeflu 3 points 6 days ago It took people until right now to realize this? permalink award report block reply TonyTreehouse 3 points 6 days ago Sounds like it is their expansion plans that are the issue.  They missed earnings a bit on a revenue beat. But they're trying to expand into self driving delivery vehicles, same day fulfillment services for retailers, and stuff other than food. Cositing several hundred million dollars this year. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 3 points 6 days ago Good time for a buy in, we all know this stop won't last. 20% return isn't nothing permalink award report block reply ilikehats 4 points 6 days ago I was about to say. Holy shit! Buy that DIP! permalink parent award report block reply Firespawn 2 points 6 days ago Good. I don't eat fast food much, but when I do I always get stuck behind 1-2. They do not cook their food until they get to the window at ff joints around me. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 2 points 6 days ago Still easy overvalued permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 2 points 6 days ago You mean: "It be onliest costed six dollah at de muhfukin' stoe" permalink award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 2 points 6 days ago I just looked it up. I guess they accept ebt for grocery store orders through their app but not for hot / restaurant food. permalink award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 6 days ago Gotta pay people to deliver food. And door dashers gotta pay their own bills so they charge enough to do that. Or turn down jobs without tips. Snap EBT was likely propping it up. My neighbors who don't work and party all the time used to door dash all the time. That being said I did order groceries delivered once when I was doing a family event, and forgot to get ketchup and mustard. It was expensive but the only way to do things effectively. permalink award report block reply Harvestsmiles 2 points 6 days ago People can go to the store again. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 44 points 6 days ago No SNAP/EBT. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 10 points 6 days ago Scooped me permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 6 days ago two scoops? permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 4 points 6 days ago You could say they ... snapped back to reality YEEAAAAAAAAH sunglasses.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Say_what_again 4 points 6 days ago Won't get fooled again permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 6 days ago I'm seeing reports it was funded.  Can you confirm? permalink parent award report block reply
Greenhills 10 points 6 days ago Scooped me permalink parent award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 6 days ago two scoops? permalink parent award report block reply
Valiazaner 2 points 6 days ago two scoops? permalink parent award report block reply
Lurker404 4 points 6 days ago You could say they ... snapped back to reality YEEAAAAAAAAH sunglasses.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Say_what_again 4 points 6 days ago Won't get fooled again permalink parent award report block reply
Say_what_again 4 points 6 days ago Won't get fooled again permalink parent award report block reply
HelluvaEngineer 2 points 6 days ago I'm seeing reports it was funded.  Can you confirm? permalink parent award report block reply
projectarcturus1 24 points 6 days ago Ebt shouldn't be able to be used for this. permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 6 points 6 days ago It's not - the 10 dollar snickers bar comes with free delivery. (Now we will know that it actually is used for this.) permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 6 points 6 days ago It's not - the 10 dollar snickers bar comes with free delivery. (Now we will know that it actually is used for this.) permalink parent award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 11 points 6 days ago https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/Use-Your-SNAP-Benefits-on-DoorDash?language=en_US permalink award report block reply
bratt 11 points 6 days ago I don't even know why you would want food delivered. There is only a few things that are ok after sitting 10-20 minutes like chinese or pizza. Then you have to pay extra for it. Food is much better served hot, not stuck in some dudes backpack on a bicycle. I don't even like getting takeout. If I do, I eat it in the parking lot. permalink award report block reply Kavantar 7 points 6 days ago As a single, working father... Son, I gotta work late, sending you dinner with DoorDash. It does solve the problem. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 7 points 6 days ago My parents worked full time. They worked late. I learned to cook. My brother at six years old was capable of making dinner. Teach your son to cook for himself. permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 1 points 5 days ago Amen to this. I work evenings. The wife is a SAHM but works a couple nights electively to get out and have some adult interaction. Our two youngest are home alone and the boys have been able to cook for themselves for years. Self-sufficient is important. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 1 points 5 days ago Buy premade quality shepherds pies and show him how to turn the oven on for the stated cooking time plus 7 minutes. Bit of side salad. Job done. permalink parent award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 6 points 6 days ago It's trannys or illegals delivering it. It's COLD by the time you get it and it's 5x the price. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 7 points 6 days ago I have never had more than pizza delivery. I have had dudes riding bicycles in front of me in the drive through, stuffing bags of hamburgers, fries and fountain drinks! into their backpacks. Yuck permalink parent award report block reply MakeFloridaRed 5 points 6 days ago Where’s my $10 tip too! permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 6 points 6 days ago My favorite things to read are negative restaurant reviews with people blaming the restaurants cause their doordash delivery took too long and delivered their food fucked up. Makes me wish dinosaurs were still around to eat the idiots. permalink parent award report block reply SpezDispenser 3 points 5 days ago It's convenient if you don't want to cook and live in a traffic riddled shithole. I had "free" door dash through my CC and used it sparingly. There will be a rare good deal where it costs the same to deliver as to drive and grab. Those deals are rare AF, but enticing when they're up. permalink parent award report block reply
Kavantar 7 points 6 days ago As a single, working father... Son, I gotta work late, sending you dinner with DoorDash. It does solve the problem. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 7 points 6 days ago My parents worked full time. They worked late. I learned to cook. My brother at six years old was capable of making dinner. Teach your son to cook for himself. permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 1 points 5 days ago Amen to this. I work evenings. The wife is a SAHM but works a couple nights electively to get out and have some adult interaction. Our two youngest are home alone and the boys have been able to cook for themselves for years. Self-sufficient is important. permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 1 points 5 days ago Buy premade quality shepherds pies and show him how to turn the oven on for the stated cooking time plus 7 minutes. Bit of side salad. Job done. permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 7 points 6 days ago My parents worked full time. They worked late. I learned to cook. My brother at six years old was capable of making dinner. Teach your son to cook for himself. permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 1 points 5 days ago Amen to this. I work evenings. The wife is a SAHM but works a couple nights electively to get out and have some adult interaction. Our two youngest are home alone and the boys have been able to cook for themselves for years. Self-sufficient is important. permalink parent award report block reply
WoeToYou 1 points 5 days ago Amen to this. I work evenings. The wife is a SAHM but works a couple nights electively to get out and have some adult interaction. Our two youngest are home alone and the boys have been able to cook for themselves for years. Self-sufficient is important. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 5 days ago Buy premade quality shepherds pies and show him how to turn the oven on for the stated cooking time plus 7 minutes. Bit of side salad. Job done. permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriotParrot OP 6 points 6 days ago It's trannys or illegals delivering it. It's COLD by the time you get it and it's 5x the price. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 7 points 6 days ago I have never had more than pizza delivery. I have had dudes riding bicycles in front of me in the drive through, stuffing bags of hamburgers, fries and fountain drinks! into their backpacks. Yuck permalink parent award report block reply MakeFloridaRed 5 points 6 days ago Where’s my $10 tip too! permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 7 points 6 days ago I have never had more than pizza delivery. I have had dudes riding bicycles in front of me in the drive through, stuffing bags of hamburgers, fries and fountain drinks! into their backpacks. Yuck permalink parent award report block reply
MakeFloridaRed 5 points 6 days ago Where’s my $10 tip too! permalink parent award report block reply
UsernameChexOut 6 points 6 days ago My favorite things to read are negative restaurant reviews with people blaming the restaurants cause their doordash delivery took too long and delivered their food fucked up. Makes me wish dinosaurs were still around to eat the idiots. permalink parent award report block reply
SpezDispenser 3 points 5 days ago It's convenient if you don't want to cook and live in a traffic riddled shithole. I had "free" door dash through my CC and used it sparingly. There will be a rare good deal where it costs the same to deliver as to drive and grab. Those deals are rare AF, but enticing when they're up. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 11 points 6 days ago Welcome to middle-class reality, SNAP'rs. permalink award report block reply Say_what_again 7 points 6 days ago Hard R permalink parent award report block reply
Say_what_again 7 points 6 days ago Hard R permalink parent award report block reply
181degrees 7 points 6 days ago Here's something to piss you off even more. Doordash and many other delivery services will offer a pickup menu to restaurants. When you click to make a pickup order you're presented with a menu and text that says no fee. If you look carefully though you'll notice doordashes pick up menu prices are higher than the restaurants in store menu. So they basically lie to you about it being no fee. It's technically legal because you transact with doordash and then doordash charges a fee to the restaurant for facilitating the transaction. Still slimy as f*** expecting me to pay for the convenience of paying when doordash adds nothing of value to a pickup order permalink award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 7 points 6 days ago Shares of DoorDash (DASH) are plummeting in after-hours trading. The delivery company reported third quarter revenue that topped Wall Street estimates, but earnings fell short. The outlook for Q4 adjusted EBITDA was also disappointing for investors. permalink award report block reply
ctgcwiqc1 5 points 6 days ago Is this real? permalink award report block reply OpusX 7 points 6 days ago Which part? DoorDash stocks in freefall? Or that you can use EBT to order takeout? Because both are true. permalink parent award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 4 points 6 days ago Is the free fall due to EBT?  EBT should only apply to non-taxable cold grocery items. No prepared food.  No name brand, generic only.  Only ground beef no choice cuts. permalink parent award report block reply OpusX 4 points 6 days ago It's a number of issues, but the current government shutdown certainly isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply
OpusX 7 points 6 days ago Which part? DoorDash stocks in freefall? Or that you can use EBT to order takeout? Because both are true. permalink parent award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 4 points 6 days ago Is the free fall due to EBT?  EBT should only apply to non-taxable cold grocery items. No prepared food.  No name brand, generic only.  Only ground beef no choice cuts. permalink parent award report block reply OpusX 4 points 6 days ago It's a number of issues, but the current government shutdown certainly isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply
ctgcwiqc1 4 points 6 days ago Is the free fall due to EBT?  EBT should only apply to non-taxable cold grocery items. No prepared food.  No name brand, generic only.  Only ground beef no choice cuts. permalink parent award report block reply OpusX 4 points 6 days ago It's a number of issues, but the current government shutdown certainly isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply
OpusX 4 points 6 days ago It's a number of issues, but the current government shutdown certainly isn't helping. permalink parent award report block reply
PoohBearBalloon 5 points 6 days ago Doordash is most definitely intertwined with snap. Use SNAP/EBT for Grocery Delivery https://share.google/z0soDRqt5H0u1xLEf permalink award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 3 points 5 days ago I worked there and the place of full of marxist harpies. permalink award report block reply
snoozeflu 3 points 6 days ago It took people until right now to realize this? permalink award report block reply
TonyTreehouse 3 points 6 days ago Sounds like it is their expansion plans that are the issue.  They missed earnings a bit on a revenue beat. But they're trying to expand into self driving delivery vehicles, same day fulfillment services for retailers, and stuff other than food. Cositing several hundred million dollars this year. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 3 points 6 days ago Good time for a buy in, we all know this stop won't last. 20% return isn't nothing permalink award report block reply ilikehats 4 points 6 days ago I was about to say. Holy shit! Buy that DIP! permalink parent award report block reply
ilikehats 4 points 6 days ago I was about to say. Holy shit! Buy that DIP! permalink parent award report block reply
Firespawn 2 points 6 days ago Good. I don't eat fast food much, but when I do I always get stuck behind 1-2. They do not cook their food until they get to the window at ff joints around me. permalink award report block reply
trumpORbust 2 points 6 days ago Still easy overvalued permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 2 points 6 days ago You mean: "It be onliest costed six dollah at de muhfukin' stoe" permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 2 points 6 days ago I just looked it up. I guess they accept ebt for grocery store orders through their app but not for hot / restaurant food. permalink award report block reply
Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 6 days ago Gotta pay people to deliver food. And door dashers gotta pay their own bills so they charge enough to do that. Or turn down jobs without tips. Snap EBT was likely propping it up. My neighbors who don't work and party all the time used to door dash all the time. That being said I did order groceries delivered once when I was doing a family event, and forgot to get ketchup and mustard. It was expensive but the only way to do things effectively. permalink award report block reply
Harvestsmiles 2 points 6 days ago People can go to the store again. permalink award report block reply