218 😂HE HAS ARRIVED AS FORETOLD 🤣LMFAOOO 🤣🤣🤣😂💯 posted 6 hours ago by Prandogolio 9 comments award share download report block
9 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Thrilly 5 points 1 hour ago Facebook memes...so sick of seeing this shit here permalink award report block reply Prandogolio OP -1 points 1 hour ago That's what the people here want now, so that's what I'm posting.  Look at all the upvotes I get for posting nothing but this retarded garbage for the last two days! permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 2 points 1 hour ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply Pissonit 4 points 6 hours ago Just when you thought it was safe the hairs on your neck start to stand up when you begin to wonder what might be around the corner of the building..... permalink award report block reply indigo_truther 5 points 5 hours ago We had a cat that once or twice would just stare up at an empty corner of our ceiling like he saw an invisible demon, and bolt out of the room.  You would probably have to be there to appreciate how unsettling that is. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 6 hours ago 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 3 points 6 hours ago That is cute. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 hours ago Meow permalink award report block reply NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 4 minutes ago Facebook retard shit permalink award report block reply
Thrilly 5 points 1 hour ago Facebook memes...so sick of seeing this shit here permalink award report block reply Prandogolio OP -1 points 1 hour ago That's what the people here want now, so that's what I'm posting.  Look at all the upvotes I get for posting nothing but this retarded garbage for the last two days! permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 2 points 1 hour ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio OP -1 points 1 hour ago That's what the people here want now, so that's what I'm posting.  Look at all the upvotes I get for posting nothing but this retarded garbage for the last two days! permalink parent award report block reply Thrilly 2 points 1 hour ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply
Thrilly 2 points 1 hour ago People like you would have never made it back in the T_D days.  This whole site has become feminized by posts like this. permalink parent award report block reply
Pissonit 4 points 6 hours ago Just when you thought it was safe the hairs on your neck start to stand up when you begin to wonder what might be around the corner of the building..... permalink award report block reply indigo_truther 5 points 5 hours ago We had a cat that once or twice would just stare up at an empty corner of our ceiling like he saw an invisible demon, and bolt out of the room.  You would probably have to be there to appreciate how unsettling that is. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio OP 1 points 6 hours ago 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
indigo_truther 5 points 5 hours ago We had a cat that once or twice would just stare up at an empty corner of our ceiling like he saw an invisible demon, and bolt out of the room.  You would probably have to be there to appreciate how unsettling that is. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio OP 1 points 6 hours ago 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 3 points 6 hours ago That is cute. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 hours ago Meow permalink award report block reply
NeverInterruptEnemy 1 points 4 minutes ago Facebook retard shit permalink award report block reply