433 How IQ Levels Shape Culture posted 3 days ago by duehuckleberry 40 comments award share report block 𝕊𝔸𝕃𝕋𝕐 𝔾𝕀ℝ𝕃 @SaltyGirl09 • 4d How IQ Levels Shape Culture.
40 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save South_Florida_Guy 30 points 3 days ago It's great to be White permalink award report block reply Zippitydoodah 17 points 3 days ago I am so proud of my heritage. My ancestors produced the greatest cultures and civilizations in history. White pride worldwide permalink parent award report block reply Vorticity1 20 points 3 days ago Classical music opens the mind. I really appreciate Bugs Bunny now. permalink award report block reply friarfox 14 points 3 days ago The Barber of Seville. permalink parent award report block reply ohwell316 7 points 3 days ago Snoopy too. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Great jazz! The voice of the teacher was played on trumpet by Clarke Terry, who was not only a fabulous musician but also a great person. Go down the rabbit hole of listening to him when you have some spare time, he's amazing. I recommend what he did with Oscar Peterson, an amazing piano player, but you might prefer something else (like what he did in Count Basie's band or Duke Ellington's, yes he played in BOTH) Tom and Jerry had some great jazz, too; especially what was directed by Quincy Jones, which I haven't been able to find on YouTube. Topcat also had great jazz, but for a fun intro to classical it's hard to beat Bugs permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 3 days ago I saw The Barber of Seville several years ago for the first time and it was really funny. I knew it was a “comedy” but I didn’t think I would actually laugh. I did though. The opera singers were actually very good comedic actors. It was great. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 3 days ago Even better, musicians at the time could actually earn an honest living. All those soundtracks were recorded LIVE! Those guys were good permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 3 days ago Classical music opens the mind. As a multi-decade music producer... anyone that is like classical music, this or that... you're a bunch of snooty faggots that like most people know absolute dog shit about anything... INCLUDING FUCKING MUSIC. One of the MOST COMPLEX FORMS OF MUSIC... is DUBSTEP. ANYONE HERE... Can play a goddamned fucking easy as shit fucking classical song... not one of you mother fuckers, unless you're literally a Dubstep producer, can make dubstep. FUCKING PERIOD. You goddamned conceited, patronizing, condescending faggots. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago Lol permalink parent award report block reply rugburnd 13 points 3 days ago Now do social media. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 5 points 3 days ago Is PDW social media? permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 5 points 3 days ago The phrase didn't pop up till Myspace/FB/twitter and seeing that this is just a message board like those going back 30-40 years, I'd say no. permalink parent award report block reply JonathanE 12 points 3 days ago I'm reading 'The Chimp Paradox' right now, and it's clear to see the vast majority of people (of whatever race) are ruled by their inner chimp. permalink award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 11 points 3 days ago Ben Carson, Thomas Sowell, and Clarence Thomas are the outliers. permalink award report block reply Zippitydoodah 10 points 3 days ago They are honored guests in my white utopia permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago There are a few exceptions to the rule but very few. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 3 days ago The exceptions that prove the rule permalink parent award report block reply the-new-style 8 points 3 days ago Culture is the group's response to their environmet. Some responses are clearly better than others. Starving to death because you ate the seeds before spring vs So much abundance you can have restaurants that throw half their food away Walking 5 miles to drink water full of animal feces vs Walking 5 feet to shit in drinking water and flush it away one of these cultures is better than the other thank you, my ancestors, for bringing me to here I despise you, outsiders. permalink award report block reply tommygigantica 8 points 3 days ago but dumbass idiot Eminem is a lyrical genius! permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 9 points 3 days ago Mom’s spaghetti! permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 3 days ago The Mozart from Detroit! permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 5 points 3 days ago He has a thesaurus and says words fast. Genius. permalink parent award report block reply tommygigantica 6 points 3 days ago off the cuff, like I'm sure he's never came up with multiple rhymes for different words and practiced doing those rhymes just for the occasion! permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 3 days ago His first record was actually a pretty interesting concept album. Not a lot of people understood it, though and basically he just started being “Slim Shady” all the time. permalink parent award report block reply SPEDMan64 2 points 3 days ago Is he though? permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 6 points 3 days ago Very well presented. permalink award report block reply lispboy 6 points 3 days ago I turned it off after seeing the man eat out that goat. permalink award report block reply True-Grit 6 points 3 days ago James Watson wasn't wrong. permalink award report block reply progressives4Trump 2 points 3 days ago No peace prize for the truth permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 3 days ago Look at the films of 60+ years ago. They relied on story and character. It wasn’t until the communists infected our culture in the late 60s that this changed and spectacle and exploitation became the biggest drivers of film. I’m a sucker for horror movies, I admit. I love the old Universal monster movies and drive in double feature horror, but in the 70s we started to see more explicit violence and gore and human on human horror, which escalated predictably along with the sickening of our culture. Today the slashers of the 80s seem quaint in comparison to the gore driven “torture porn” of today. I’m glad to see a turn lately toward psychological and supernatural horror as the more dominant strain, though. That does make me happy. permalink award report block reply Dem_slayer 5 points 3 days ago We need to reconquer the world and put the trash back in their native countries. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 5 points 3 days ago This is antisemitic for some reason permalink award report block reply progressives4Trump 2 points 3 days ago But Schindler's list is the best movie of all time durr permalink parent award report block reply bananafone 2 points 3 days ago Culture comes first. permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 2 points 3 days ago Disturbing stuff on the low IQ side permalink award report block reply DCYR66 2 points 3 days ago And who says skin color means nothing! permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 2 points 3 days ago Culture can also shape IQ. Just look at the differences between Japan and China, or South Korea and North Korea. In China and North Korea, communism destroyed their culture and replaced it with retardation. The result is that people have largely become degenerates with low or no standards. They literally eat trash. permalink award report block reply Gnometard 1 points 3 days ago I know plenty of good Christian retards. IQ doesn't matter as much as culture. But many here are converted into Marxism and believe that race is culture. permalink award report block reply jeffreyepstein -7 points 3 days ago lol this belief is so outdated tho. ‘High iq cultures like boring old outdated entertainment’ permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 30 points 3 days ago It's great to be White permalink award report block reply Zippitydoodah 17 points 3 days ago I am so proud of my heritage. My ancestors produced the greatest cultures and civilizations in history. White pride worldwide permalink parent award report block reply
Zippitydoodah 17 points 3 days ago I am so proud of my heritage. My ancestors produced the greatest cultures and civilizations in history. White pride worldwide permalink parent award report block reply
Vorticity1 20 points 3 days ago Classical music opens the mind. I really appreciate Bugs Bunny now. permalink award report block reply friarfox 14 points 3 days ago The Barber of Seville. permalink parent award report block reply ohwell316 7 points 3 days ago Snoopy too. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Great jazz! The voice of the teacher was played on trumpet by Clarke Terry, who was not only a fabulous musician but also a great person. Go down the rabbit hole of listening to him when you have some spare time, he's amazing. I recommend what he did with Oscar Peterson, an amazing piano player, but you might prefer something else (like what he did in Count Basie's band or Duke Ellington's, yes he played in BOTH) Tom and Jerry had some great jazz, too; especially what was directed by Quincy Jones, which I haven't been able to find on YouTube. Topcat also had great jazz, but for a fun intro to classical it's hard to beat Bugs permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 3 days ago I saw The Barber of Seville several years ago for the first time and it was really funny. I knew it was a “comedy” but I didn’t think I would actually laugh. I did though. The opera singers were actually very good comedic actors. It was great. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 3 days ago Even better, musicians at the time could actually earn an honest living. All those soundtracks were recorded LIVE! Those guys were good permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 3 days ago Classical music opens the mind. As a multi-decade music producer... anyone that is like classical music, this or that... you're a bunch of snooty faggots that like most people know absolute dog shit about anything... INCLUDING FUCKING MUSIC. One of the MOST COMPLEX FORMS OF MUSIC... is DUBSTEP. ANYONE HERE... Can play a goddamned fucking easy as shit fucking classical song... not one of you mother fuckers, unless you're literally a Dubstep producer, can make dubstep. FUCKING PERIOD. You goddamned conceited, patronizing, condescending faggots. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago Lol permalink parent award report block reply
friarfox 14 points 3 days ago The Barber of Seville. permalink parent award report block reply
ohwell316 7 points 3 days ago Snoopy too. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Great jazz! The voice of the teacher was played on trumpet by Clarke Terry, who was not only a fabulous musician but also a great person. Go down the rabbit hole of listening to him when you have some spare time, he's amazing. I recommend what he did with Oscar Peterson, an amazing piano player, but you might prefer something else (like what he did in Count Basie's band or Duke Ellington's, yes he played in BOTH) Tom and Jerry had some great jazz, too; especially what was directed by Quincy Jones, which I haven't been able to find on YouTube. Topcat also had great jazz, but for a fun intro to classical it's hard to beat Bugs permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago Great jazz! The voice of the teacher was played on trumpet by Clarke Terry, who was not only a fabulous musician but also a great person. Go down the rabbit hole of listening to him when you have some spare time, he's amazing. I recommend what he did with Oscar Peterson, an amazing piano player, but you might prefer something else (like what he did in Count Basie's band or Duke Ellington's, yes he played in BOTH) Tom and Jerry had some great jazz, too; especially what was directed by Quincy Jones, which I haven't been able to find on YouTube. Topcat also had great jazz, but for a fun intro to classical it's hard to beat Bugs permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 5 points 3 days ago I saw The Barber of Seville several years ago for the first time and it was really funny. I knew it was a “comedy” but I didn’t think I would actually laugh. I did though. The opera singers were actually very good comedic actors. It was great. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 3 days ago Even better, musicians at the time could actually earn an honest living. All those soundtracks were recorded LIVE! Those guys were good permalink parent award report block reply
SirPokeSmottington 1 points 3 days ago Classical music opens the mind. As a multi-decade music producer... anyone that is like classical music, this or that... you're a bunch of snooty faggots that like most people know absolute dog shit about anything... INCLUDING FUCKING MUSIC. One of the MOST COMPLEX FORMS OF MUSIC... is DUBSTEP. ANYONE HERE... Can play a goddamned fucking easy as shit fucking classical song... not one of you mother fuckers, unless you're literally a Dubstep producer, can make dubstep. FUCKING PERIOD. You goddamned conceited, patronizing, condescending faggots. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago Lol permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago Lol permalink parent award report block reply
rugburnd 13 points 3 days ago Now do social media. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 5 points 3 days ago Is PDW social media? permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 5 points 3 days ago The phrase didn't pop up till Myspace/FB/twitter and seeing that this is just a message board like those going back 30-40 years, I'd say no. permalink parent award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 5 points 3 days ago Is PDW social media? permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 5 points 3 days ago The phrase didn't pop up till Myspace/FB/twitter and seeing that this is just a message board like those going back 30-40 years, I'd say no. permalink parent award report block reply
bigdickhangsright 5 points 3 days ago The phrase didn't pop up till Myspace/FB/twitter and seeing that this is just a message board like those going back 30-40 years, I'd say no. permalink parent award report block reply
JonathanE 12 points 3 days ago I'm reading 'The Chimp Paradox' right now, and it's clear to see the vast majority of people (of whatever race) are ruled by their inner chimp. permalink award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 11 points 3 days ago Ben Carson, Thomas Sowell, and Clarence Thomas are the outliers. permalink award report block reply Zippitydoodah 10 points 3 days ago They are honored guests in my white utopia permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago There are a few exceptions to the rule but very few. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 3 days ago The exceptions that prove the rule permalink parent award report block reply
Zippitydoodah 10 points 3 days ago They are honored guests in my white utopia permalink parent award report block reply
DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago There are a few exceptions to the rule but very few. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 3 days ago The exceptions that prove the rule permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 3 points 3 days ago The exceptions that prove the rule permalink parent award report block reply
the-new-style 8 points 3 days ago Culture is the group's response to their environmet. Some responses are clearly better than others. Starving to death because you ate the seeds before spring vs So much abundance you can have restaurants that throw half their food away Walking 5 miles to drink water full of animal feces vs Walking 5 feet to shit in drinking water and flush it away one of these cultures is better than the other thank you, my ancestors, for bringing me to here I despise you, outsiders. permalink award report block reply
tommygigantica 8 points 3 days ago but dumbass idiot Eminem is a lyrical genius! permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 9 points 3 days ago Mom’s spaghetti! permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 3 days ago The Mozart from Detroit! permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 5 points 3 days ago He has a thesaurus and says words fast. Genius. permalink parent award report block reply tommygigantica 6 points 3 days ago off the cuff, like I'm sure he's never came up with multiple rhymes for different words and practiced doing those rhymes just for the occasion! permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 3 days ago His first record was actually a pretty interesting concept album. Not a lot of people understood it, though and basically he just started being “Slim Shady” all the time. permalink parent award report block reply SPEDMan64 2 points 3 days ago Is he though? permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 9 points 3 days ago Mom’s spaghetti! permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 3 days ago The Mozart from Detroit! permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 3 days ago The Mozart from Detroit! permalink parent award report block reply
lispboy 5 points 3 days ago He has a thesaurus and says words fast. Genius. permalink parent award report block reply tommygigantica 6 points 3 days ago off the cuff, like I'm sure he's never came up with multiple rhymes for different words and practiced doing those rhymes just for the occasion! permalink parent award report block reply
tommygigantica 6 points 3 days ago off the cuff, like I'm sure he's never came up with multiple rhymes for different words and practiced doing those rhymes just for the occasion! permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 3 days ago His first record was actually a pretty interesting concept album. Not a lot of people understood it, though and basically he just started being “Slim Shady” all the time. permalink parent award report block reply
SPEDMan64 2 points 3 days ago Is he though? permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 6 points 3 days ago Very well presented. permalink award report block reply
lispboy 6 points 3 days ago I turned it off after seeing the man eat out that goat. permalink award report block reply
True-Grit 6 points 3 days ago James Watson wasn't wrong. permalink award report block reply progressives4Trump 2 points 3 days ago No peace prize for the truth permalink parent award report block reply
progressives4Trump 2 points 3 days ago No peace prize for the truth permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 5 points 3 days ago Look at the films of 60+ years ago. They relied on story and character. It wasn’t until the communists infected our culture in the late 60s that this changed and spectacle and exploitation became the biggest drivers of film. I’m a sucker for horror movies, I admit. I love the old Universal monster movies and drive in double feature horror, but in the 70s we started to see more explicit violence and gore and human on human horror, which escalated predictably along with the sickening of our culture. Today the slashers of the 80s seem quaint in comparison to the gore driven “torture porn” of today. I’m glad to see a turn lately toward psychological and supernatural horror as the more dominant strain, though. That does make me happy. permalink award report block reply
Dem_slayer 5 points 3 days ago We need to reconquer the world and put the trash back in their native countries. permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 5 points 3 days ago This is antisemitic for some reason permalink award report block reply progressives4Trump 2 points 3 days ago But Schindler's list is the best movie of all time durr permalink parent award report block reply
progressives4Trump 2 points 3 days ago But Schindler's list is the best movie of all time durr permalink parent award report block reply
bananafone 2 points 3 days ago Culture comes first. permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 2 points 3 days ago Disturbing stuff on the low IQ side permalink award report block reply
DCYR66 2 points 3 days ago And who says skin color means nothing! permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 2 points 3 days ago Culture can also shape IQ. Just look at the differences between Japan and China, or South Korea and North Korea. In China and North Korea, communism destroyed their culture and replaced it with retardation. The result is that people have largely become degenerates with low or no standards. They literally eat trash. permalink award report block reply
Gnometard 1 points 3 days ago I know plenty of good Christian retards. IQ doesn't matter as much as culture. But many here are converted into Marxism and believe that race is culture. permalink award report block reply
jeffreyepstein -7 points 3 days ago lol this belief is so outdated tho. ‘High iq cultures like boring old outdated entertainment’ permalink award report block reply