130 NOW - DHS Secretary Noem on H-1Bs: "Under the Trump admin, we've sped up our process and added integrity to the visa programs, to green cards, to all of that, but also more people are becoming naturalized under this admin than ever before. More people are becoming citizens." posted 6 hours ago by -Evspra 29 comments award share report block Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 7h NOW - DHS Secretary Noem on H-1Bs: "Under the Trump admin, we've sped up our process and added integrity to the visa programs, to green cards, to all of that, but also more people are becoming naturalized under this admin than ever before. More people are becoming citizens."
29 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save sobriquet 29 points 6 hours ago OMG I love the great replacement now. permalink award report block reply -Evspra OP 19 points 6 hours ago democrats replacing us? ❌ boo, bad!!! republicans replacing us? ✔️ yayyy!!! good!!!! permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 19 points 6 hours ago Trump is truly cooked. Combined with his speech how the US needs H1Pajeets because Americans are too dumb he's now a mass replacement president. permalink award report block reply Dway 19 points 6 hours ago I don’t want any immigration for the next 50 years permalink award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 7 points 6 hours ago Why so soon?  It will take that long just to unfk the last 4 years. permalink parent award report block reply sleepinggiant 12 points 6 hours ago Lol Trump was just conned into losing 2026 permalink award report block reply NoahGav 5 points 5 hours ago Trump has no agency apparently. permalink parent award report block reply Justjayce 12 points 6 hours ago What the fuck is this shit. Fucking deport them all permalink award report block reply SpeekFreely 9 points 6 hours ago Reagan went down as a legend too.. permalink award report block reply NeutronDon1 10 points 5 hours ago This dont sound like what I voted for permalink award report block reply NC_patriot 9 points 5 hours ago WE’RE FULL permalink award report block reply T471 8 points 6 hours ago i don't want more foreign assholes. all of these Trump admins are carrying the prior admins water. permalink award report block reply -Evspra OP 7 points 6 hours ago meet the new boss, same as the old boss permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 6 points 6 hours ago Immigrants are winning bigly! MIGA! Can’t stop this train! permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 5 points 5 hours ago It was the corrupt and incompetent USCIS and the legal immigration process that got us the shittier H1B like programs that circumnavigating existing rules permalink award report block reply Throwingway22 5 points 6 hours ago Taking all the wrong lessons from Tuesday. A bunch of anti-Trump, boomer bait squishes lose elections in states they had little chance of winning in the first place? Faggots in Trump's ear have clearly convinced him it was because of the deportations and that his base must love legal immigration (a position he's already partial to, but we backed him off for a while). Quick, let's run another sassy black lady from Jamaica. All the Dems would HAVE to vote for her! permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 4 points 6 hours ago Hey, you keep voting your way out of uniparty swamps. Trump was the pick because we've been shaking hands with one party while they allow the other party to stab us in the back and Trump was supposed to be the fix to that. Trump was supposed to be different. permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 7 points 5 hours ago There is no political solution to this. The sooner we realize this, the sooner the conflict comes and is over. We only delay the inevitable. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 5 points 5 hours ago Make India Great Again. permalink award report block reply VaporJet11 4 points 6 hours ago Last thing we need. What about the people here on expired Visa Pam? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 4 points 4 hours ago Im so fucking tired of "winning" permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 3 points 5 hours ago This is another feckless cunt who lives on Fox and sucks. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply Truthisunpopular 3 points 6 hours ago WINNING!!! I just can't wait to vote for more of this!! permalink award report block reply -Evspra OP 3 points 6 hours ago We're going to win so much you may even get tired of winning and you'll say "Please please it's too much winning We can't take it anymore." permalink parent award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 3 points 6 hours ago That not the goal.  The goal is kick them out and bar the doors. permalink award report block reply Advhawk -2 points 4 hours ago You stupid Democrat glowies think you're going to jump in here and divide us you won't we're undividable permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 3 points 3 hours ago I appreciate that but did Noem just brag about more immigrants coming in or not? permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 3 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
sobriquet 29 points 6 hours ago OMG I love the great replacement now. permalink award report block reply -Evspra OP 19 points 6 hours ago democrats replacing us? ❌ boo, bad!!! republicans replacing us? ✔️ yayyy!!! good!!!! permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra OP 19 points 6 hours ago democrats replacing us? ❌ boo, bad!!! republicans replacing us? ✔️ yayyy!!! good!!!! permalink parent award report block reply
Lurker404 19 points 6 hours ago Trump is truly cooked. Combined with his speech how the US needs H1Pajeets because Americans are too dumb he's now a mass replacement president. permalink award report block reply
Dway 19 points 6 hours ago I don’t want any immigration for the next 50 years permalink award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 7 points 6 hours ago Why so soon?  It will take that long just to unfk the last 4 years. permalink parent award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic 7 points 6 hours ago Why so soon?  It will take that long just to unfk the last 4 years. permalink parent award report block reply
sleepinggiant 12 points 6 hours ago Lol Trump was just conned into losing 2026 permalink award report block reply NoahGav 5 points 5 hours ago Trump has no agency apparently. permalink parent award report block reply
NoahGav 5 points 5 hours ago Trump has no agency apparently. permalink parent award report block reply
Justjayce 12 points 6 hours ago What the fuck is this shit. Fucking deport them all permalink award report block reply
SpeekFreely 9 points 6 hours ago Reagan went down as a legend too.. permalink award report block reply
NeutronDon1 10 points 5 hours ago This dont sound like what I voted for permalink award report block reply
NC_patriot 9 points 5 hours ago WE’RE FULL permalink award report block reply
T471 8 points 6 hours ago i don't want more foreign assholes. all of these Trump admins are carrying the prior admins water. permalink award report block reply -Evspra OP 7 points 6 hours ago meet the new boss, same as the old boss permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra OP 7 points 6 hours ago meet the new boss, same as the old boss permalink parent award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 6 points 6 hours ago Immigrants are winning bigly! MIGA! Can’t stop this train! permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 5 points 5 hours ago It was the corrupt and incompetent USCIS and the legal immigration process that got us the shittier H1B like programs that circumnavigating existing rules permalink award report block reply
Throwingway22 5 points 6 hours ago Taking all the wrong lessons from Tuesday. A bunch of anti-Trump, boomer bait squishes lose elections in states they had little chance of winning in the first place? Faggots in Trump's ear have clearly convinced him it was because of the deportations and that his base must love legal immigration (a position he's already partial to, but we backed him off for a while). Quick, let's run another sassy black lady from Jamaica. All the Dems would HAVE to vote for her! permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 4 points 6 hours ago Hey, you keep voting your way out of uniparty swamps. Trump was the pick because we've been shaking hands with one party while they allow the other party to stab us in the back and Trump was supposed to be the fix to that. Trump was supposed to be different. permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 7 points 5 hours ago There is no political solution to this. The sooner we realize this, the sooner the conflict comes and is over. We only delay the inevitable. permalink parent award report block reply
MickHigan2 4 points 6 hours ago Hey, you keep voting your way out of uniparty swamps. Trump was the pick because we've been shaking hands with one party while they allow the other party to stab us in the back and Trump was supposed to be the fix to that. Trump was supposed to be different. permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 7 points 5 hours ago There is no political solution to this. The sooner we realize this, the sooner the conflict comes and is over. We only delay the inevitable. permalink parent award report block reply
squash1324 7 points 5 hours ago There is no political solution to this. The sooner we realize this, the sooner the conflict comes and is over. We only delay the inevitable. permalink parent award report block reply
friarfox 5 points 5 hours ago Make India Great Again. permalink award report block reply
VaporJet11 4 points 6 hours ago Last thing we need. What about the people here on expired Visa Pam? permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 4 points 4 hours ago Im so fucking tired of "winning" permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 3 points 5 hours ago This is another feckless cunt who lives on Fox and sucks. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 3 points 6 hours ago WINNING!!! I just can't wait to vote for more of this!! permalink award report block reply -Evspra OP 3 points 6 hours ago We're going to win so much you may even get tired of winning and you'll say "Please please it's too much winning We can't take it anymore." permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra OP 3 points 6 hours ago We're going to win so much you may even get tired of winning and you'll say "Please please it's too much winning We can't take it anymore." permalink parent award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic 3 points 6 hours ago That not the goal.  The goal is kick them out and bar the doors. permalink award report block reply
Advhawk -2 points 4 hours ago You stupid Democrat glowies think you're going to jump in here and divide us you won't we're undividable permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 3 points 3 hours ago I appreciate that but did Noem just brag about more immigrants coming in or not? permalink parent award report block reply
Atruckdriver 3 points 3 hours ago I appreciate that but did Noem just brag about more immigrants coming in or not? permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 3 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply