20 Reminder: Ilhan is the daughter of a war criminal. Between 1981 and 1991, the Somali military in which Colonel Nur Omar Mohamed, Ilhan Omar’s father, served as a senior officer executed a brutal and systematic campaign of genocide targeting the Isaaq people of the modern day Republic of Somaliland. (somalilandchronicle.com) ☪️                            ☪️ posted 1 hour ago by MissingTrump 4 comments award share report block Ilhan Omar’s Father and the Isaaq Genocide: The Truth Revealed Between 1981 and 1991, the Somali military in which Colonel Nur Omar Mohamed, Ilhan Omar’s father, served as a senior officer executed a brutal and systematic campaign of genocide targeting the Isaaq people of the modern day Republic of Somaliland.This dar... somalilandchronicle.com
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Hantif 2 points 1 hour ago I don't care. Deport her ass for her own crimes, she's not responsible for her father's actions. Genocide is just Africa being Africa, anyway. permalink award report block reply Salty_Sailor 1 points 1 hour ago Trump should recognize Somaliland and send her over the edge before deportation permalink award report block reply Greenhills 1 points 7 minutes ago Every single one of these younger Muslim nut heads are children of communist regime loyalists who have been overthrown and given refugee status in the US. Every one. permalink award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 1 hour ago Did he and Hillary get along? permalink award report block reply
Hantif 2 points 1 hour ago I don't care. Deport her ass for her own crimes, she's not responsible for her father's actions. Genocide is just Africa being Africa, anyway. permalink award report block reply
Salty_Sailor 1 points 1 hour ago Trump should recognize Somaliland and send her over the edge before deportation permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 1 points 7 minutes ago Every single one of these younger Muslim nut heads are children of communist regime loyalists who have been overthrown and given refugee status in the US. Every one. permalink award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 1 hour ago Did he and Hillary get along? permalink award report block reply