1715 🚨 JUST IN: President Trump says FOREIGN INTERESTS are trying to get him to lose the tariff case so they can take advantage of us again posted 6 days ago by LightBeacons 240 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 6d 🚨 JUST IN: President Trump says FOREIGN INTERESTS are trying to get him to lose the tariff case so they can take advantage of us again https://t.co/SvHhA6vSZq “The ones that don't want us to win are foreign countries that we are able now to do very well with... I think it's the
240 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save 24601 71 points 6 days ago Whoever is currently talking in Trump's ear is not MAGA. permalink award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 51 points 6 days ago At least regarding the affordability of things, someone needs to make it clear that while, yes, it is a buzzword, and it is the Biden regime's fault for fucking the economy with inflation, simply saying how things are better than they were isn't enough for a lot of people. He should be saying how things still aren't as good as they should be, and it's important that work be done to make sure people feel like the economy is improving, rather than it just being a vague stock percentage. permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle 20 points 6 days ago It's the classic saying: "it's the economy, stupid" People vote their wallets. It's not helping us to just say over and over that the economy is good when it's actually dogshit. It's literally what Psaki and KJP did under the Biden regime and that was their downfall. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and we have the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Canada, trade wars, Chyna, Greenland etc. and so much else always is the topic. Hope the election annihilation gets through or we are toast in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago I think the USAID money pumped cryto. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago I don't think Tariffs are working overall - but if Trump is wrong do you think he will admit it especially if its been doing damage to the US economy? permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 4 points 6 days ago Trump started using them for stupid things with no purpose. It was supposed to be to backstop American manufacturing, then it became if Canada made an ad that offends Trump... Tariff or India gets a tariff to try and hurt Russia and support Ukraine. Sadly the dude has been so brazen and purposeless with its use that it's almost a certainty, based on the SCOTUS oral arguments, that he will soon lose almost all of his tariff ability and they'll return it back to congress. Hopefully they don't cuck him fully and make him give 100s of billions in refunds. FFS Trump needs to dump Lutnick, Soros's boy Bessent, Bondi, Kash, Ratcliffe and above all the gatekeeper Susie Wiles. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... myturningpoint 2 points 6 days ago Tariffs are bringing in billions of dollars. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Txiribiton 1 points 5 days ago Check operation warp speed and covid vaccines. Tariffs are not working because there is no long term or short term plan behind them. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and there should be press conferences etc. explaining what they are doing and why, rough timelines etc. We made some progress on gas, eggs and turkey but a lot of other things are still very high. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 6 days ago You have to understand that neither party cases about the White middle class anymore. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -14 points 6 days ago Cope, faggot permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot -16 points 6 days ago Historically, it is absolutely enough.  Politicians that preside over growth are always awarded with reelection. Preside over decline...and, well, we saw what happened yesterday. Anyhoo.  Maybe skip the next "Great Gatsby" debauchery party and tend to the needs to those who put you in the WH to begin with. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 20 points 6 days ago A handshake account with "patriot" in the username referring to a 'Great Gatsby party' talking point and acting like Democrats just swept the Nation? Totally not a redditor! permalink parent award report block reply lixa 9 points 6 days ago What decline? Trump is rescuing us from the Biden disaster. It takes time. What happened yesterday was predictable and no reflection on Trump's policies. permalink parent award report block reply MtnMover444 4 points 6 days ago Sorry to disagree, but my coffee shot up to $20/lb, interest rates are still up over 6% (causing me to put off buying a new home) and Whitaker just announced $3B more for Ukraine.  I am willing to make sacrifices to see the country turn around.  But none of the tariff and re-shoring of American industries policies are being explained coherently. Robert Barnes agrees that Trump's tariffs are probably illegal, because it is the role of Congress to impose them. Barnes went on to explain that if Trump loses the Supreme Court case, all the money needs to be paid back to every entity that was forced to pay a tariff. We just surpassed the $38 trillion debt mark two weeks ago. I've been voting for Trump since 2016 and the last 10 months have been nothing but chaos and $ for useless foreign wars/countries. I am nowhere close to jumping off the train. But I want all the money being sent abroad to come back here and for this administration to get focused on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 7 points 6 days ago DJT has never "presided over decline." Leftards aren't persuaded by facts, regardless how much evidence there is. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago COVID was a decline...that was on Trumps watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 4 points 6 days ago Perhaps not building a golden ballroom and bathroom while folks are starving too.. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 4 points 6 days ago That party was awesome and not degenerate. Many of the spammed worst photos were old photos from Hollywood also like girls in giant martini glasses and people dressed up like sluts were from a 2023 or 2024 Lady Gaga party for example. We lost because NJ, VA, and NY are far left blue states. Retards here need to stop LARPing like many Republicans live there anymore while they also celebrate red states getting more solidly red from MAGA people fleeing blue states. The retards keep LARPing like these blue states have many MAGA people. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 7 points 6 days ago Seriously, I mean it's kinda newsworthy that they elected an Actual Communist and a bit depressing that the city of 9/11 voted for an Actual Muslim, but I swear if any state in the union were predicted to vote ultrahard left it'd be either CA or NY. We've been posting "escape from NY" memes since 2020 (at least) but we act surprised when there's no one left there to vote conservative? One of these things simply can't be true. This election being anything more than a blip in the news cycle is pure dooming by most and a grift for clicks by the rest. Anyone intellectually honest saw this coming ages ago. About all I can add to that is I hope Trump denies any and all federal funding to the Communist agenda, regardless of state. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago GA is far left blue? what about PA? man wtf copium you smoking to ignore that we have 1 year to get Trump to return to MAGA or 2026 will be a bloodbath? Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Bessent, and Lutnick, Bondi, and Kash. Release the Epstein files. Bring the military back and ditch all countries not USA and return to all the promises he actually ran on and won in a landslide because of permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 26 points 6 days ago So tariffs aren't MAGA? WTF are you talking about? permalink parent award report block reply Thatunknownguy 15 points 6 days ago Libertarians are awful people permalink parent award report block reply InciteAnErection 9 points 6 days ago Losertarians permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 -2 points 6 days ago Tariffs on India to support Ukraine are NOT MAGA... how is that hard to understand? How tf does hurting Russia help restore American manufacturing? It's just supporting the same deep state goals of the last 10 yrs. And how does no one on the team realize that we have 0 leverage against China when we must have rare earths at all costs and have to come back and capitulate again and again. This looks like amateur hour done completely on a whim with no plan...and I was all for protectionist tariffs to help rebuild our industries in the beginning permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 1 points 5 days ago Do you even understand what the fuck BRICS is? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -7 points 6 days ago The part that isn't MAGA is companies pushing off the extra costs onto the consumer permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 10 points 6 days ago That's literally the only way to run a company. Try running any business and charge your customers less than your costs. The only possible outcome is bankruptcy. The MAGA part is moving the supply chains into the USA or at least to lower tariffed (aka friendly) nations, so that savings can be passed on to the buyers. That all takes a long time to kick in though. permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 1 points 6 days ago There is no incentive for many companies to move to America even with tariffs. Because they put the burden on the consumer, they're not actually facing that hurdle. Most shit is egregiously marked up for the consumer anyways, most companies could probably afford to eat a bit of the cost, which is the price they must pay to do business in the world's largest economy. They may see a drop in sales from American consumers, but the amount they will lose from that will be less than the amount it will cost and the hassle to move their entire supply chain to the US. I don't think you'll see as many move here as you may think. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Yeah this is the point. Trump thought he would FORCE everyone to move their production into the US; what has he done to encourage local investment? The only investment prospects the US has gotten have been by threatening with tariffs. Corporate taxes? Incentives? Civil unrest? Why would a company WANT to be in the USA unless its under threat of profit loss via essentially the threat that if your goods come from anywhere else they are going to be priced out of consumer targets unless you choose to sell at a loss. If tariffs go; expect many of those investments under duress to follow. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 4 points 6 days ago Simple question, if a sneaker made in Vietnam costs are $100 at a store in America and we tariff Vietnam at 20% how much the sneakers are going to cost now? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -1 points 6 days ago $120 for the consumer to recoup the $20 they had to pay to ship it in, or more because companies are greedy and they will claim it's "muh tariffs" so they will try to make a profit on top of that, plus they know Americans will still buy it anyways but clearly you have some sly reply you are planning to make with how you framed your question, so please do enlighten me permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Klaus73 -2 points 6 days ago To Quote Trumps own advocate to the Supreme court flat out admitted that anywhere from 30 to 80% of those tariffs are paid by American consumers. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 6 days ago Dumb take. Globalist economics have eroded the manufacturing base of the country. Your policies have failed. Now we're going to fix it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Randomly screeching "tariffs" only disrupts commerce. He has not been implementing a consistent tariff policy. It has been random incoherent tweets that do not match the actual policy implemented. Even on official documentation there were calls for tariffs on countries that dont exist, and the official documentation called for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers which is further nonsense. Tariffs are a useful tool but not the way that Trump is currently acting. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 14 points 6 days ago These are leftist talking points. You are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs for decades and a key reason we elected him. You forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. And btw you leftist talking points aren't even correct, there wasn't a call to tariff countries that don't exist, it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands. And what the leftist media left out is that those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries and they export fish to us from those islands. https://www.ibtimes.com.au/why-are-us-tariffs-targeting-australias-remote-heard-mcdonald-islands-1857568 permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago ou are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs What Trump has actually done with tariffs has gone against what Trump has said about tariffs. ou forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. What Trump is doing is making it impossible to do that due to great uncertainty from Trump's incoherent messaging and policy. What it is actually doing is making people sit on cash until there is coherent policy. it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands Labeling them as a country. those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries So what? Calling for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers is nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Right now it seems the hot button issue with the tariffs he is applying is that they are supposed to be used to address an emergency issue - since Trump has been CONSTANTLY stating they are for revenue generation the courts are seeing it as a tax; which he does not have the power to apply. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 19 points 6 days ago So you want the world to continue fucking us over? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -14 points 6 days ago You are a communist, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 7 points 6 days ago nah, more like projection from a turbo faggot like yourself. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 14 points 6 days ago He is and always will be surrounded by criminals trying to derail his agenda. He knows this. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 7 points 6 days ago He knew better after his first term. I learned to not trust people after what I went through. Trump hasnt learned that yet. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago Susie Wiles is 100x worse for MAGA than any other cabinet pick. She has gatekept any populist from Trump and surrounded him with Neocons and Bush-ites. It's sad and so many here on this forum just clapping seals permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 6 days ago RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution gives POTUS power over tariff policy. You have obviously never read the constitution because the US Constitution gives that power to congress. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Apparently all the constitutional scholars on here know more then...well every judge including from the looks of it SCOTUS. permalink parent award report block reply load 17 more comments... Stanwyk74 48 points 6 days ago Scalia was murdered permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 11 points 6 days ago …and his “friends” didn’t give a shit about it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 6 days ago A guy in a robe vs the most powerful evil people in the world. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins -1 points 6 days ago maybe he shouldn't have been blackmailable by going to gay sex orgy retreats. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 29 points 6 days ago The courts need to give President Trump deference in conducting foreign policy permalink award report block reply Decepticons-superior 27 points 6 days ago I’m old enough to remember how the Supreme Court let Obamacare stand because that was his “signature” policy and you don’t take that away from a president. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 18 points 6 days ago I still remember "it's a penalty and not a tax, so it's not legal, but if it were a tax, we'd rule it legal, so we'll call it a tax even though you said it wasn't, so that it can be ruled legal". Thanks, Roberts. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago I also remember how Trump couldn't remove an Obama EO that legalized a bunch of foreign illegals because it was mean permalink parent award report block reply ShitAss 1 points 5 days ago They probably wouldn’t have if it was just an EO permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 6 days ago How 'bout they just follow the Constitution? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 5 points 6 days ago Tell that to the judiciary. We’ve seen a plethora of lawless injunctions against the administration regarding federal layoffs, immigration enforcement, deportation, federal spending, tariffs, etc. If anyone’s acting lawlessly, it’s the courts. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution actually gives authority over tariffs to Congress. Shouldn't require any Judge to get involved in this or immigration policy, which would include deportation. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are the one who has not read the constitution as you would know that the power to place such a tariff is under Article 1 Section 8 not Article 2. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago It’s not like Trump is creating tariffs out of thin air. He is using a law, created by Congress, delegating some tariff authority to the president to implement them. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 6 days ago Intelligible Principle is apparently a issue with that; furthermore the power he is using is not its intention as its not meant to be a revenue generation tool. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago And that law requires the tariffs to meet certain criteria. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago If the president can bomb a foreign country without Congressional approval, the president can impose tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 1 points 6 days ago He just needs to do it the right way. Tariffs to protect American manufacturing. Countering other countries tariffs, VAT etc needs to be done with sanctions. permalink parent award report block reply evilplushie 0 points 6 days ago No, that's just dumb permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Yes but his WH legal council are globalist democrats who want him to LOSE the tariffs case. All his talking points are wrong. He has not focused on the foreign policy aspect and was told it was helping bring in money, which is the worst thing to say permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments... BlackJack1776 25 points 6 days ago John Roberts is gonna cuck us again for his Chy-na handlers. permalink award report block reply Tryhardneckbeard 16 points 6 days ago Haven't heard anything about Roberts, mainly because Kavanaugh and Barrett are already sounding like they are ready to nuke it themselves. Jackson managed to embarrass herself again in spectacular fashion tho. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 6 days ago No question. I think Barrett and Gorsuch will too. The corporations have spoken. permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 16 points 6 days ago The problem that Trump's making is that he needed to push reindustrialization and production of goods in the US beyond anything anyone has ever seen. And I don't mean making deals that someone will stop in 5 years. I mean he should have made some Eisenhower type push to build out the US. If you want tariffs on foreign goods, then you need to enable people to make goods here in the US to counter balance that. permalink award report block reply lixa 4 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. He'd have to bar the imports permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. Why not if we sell it cheaper? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 0 points 6 days ago We won't be able to do that because we can't do volume like China because US companies generally cannot sell in China. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago US Companies sell in China without issue permalink parent award report block reply view 15 more comments... Txiribiton 3 points 5 days ago Exactly, but there was no plan, he put tariffs everywhere to get money like another tax, and did it in the most unprofessional way going up and down and posting in social media like he was selling fruit in a third world market. At best he got some investment propositions that we don't know if they will be real, but a japanese car company investing in one or two fabs in the US is not helping the american car industry and companies, it is also creating another foreign dependency. Also what's the point of fabs if illegals are not deported and H1Bs are not stopped? Only cheap foreigners will be hired. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The issue is that most manufacturing tooling is produced in Asia and people dont know if they are going to be facing a 3 million dollar tax bill to bring over 10 million in capital goods from Asian markets to the USA to start up American based manufacturing. Trump's bullshit about Tariffs is such incoherent nonsense that it is actively obstructing the creation of American manufacturing. permalink parent award report block reply dttump 1 points 5 days ago get this doomer out of here. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 16 points 6 days ago Tariffs seem to be saving America. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago And that's why the machine is going after it permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 6 days ago How exactly? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 6 days ago 200 billion in tariff revenue collected so far.  Tapped during the shut down for WIC, and soon 50% SNAP. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 6 days ago I had a theory in mind, others probably thought of it too, that the tariffs were implemented with the sole purpose of covering the cost of money being given to other countries like Israel, Ukraine and Argentina. 200 billion sounds like a lot but it sure goes quick the way spending goes in this country unfortunately. Shutting down just a few of our unnecessary foreign military and spook bases abroad would save billions and billions annually. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 14 points 6 days ago It's not just "foreign interests", it's domestic ones too. Tons of major corporations stand to lose a lot of money if SCOTUS lets the tariffs stand. They benefit from cheaper imports of goods. I think we need to prepare for an L on this one. The money is talking a lot louder than we ever could. permalink award report block reply MrHarryReems 15 points 6 days ago Cheaper imports of both goods and labor.  They strip mined the U.S. and sold off the pieces.  Our government took lobby money to help them do it.  They'd like to make sure they can finish the job. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago People accept the lowest bidder not the highest bidder. You always need to produce goods at the lowest price, end of story. Stop trying to rent seek some magic dirt and go make some real value. The USA has no problem making great money while being the lowest bidder. For instance I have a friend that is a mining engineer out in Wyoming making 220k. Coal price per ton is $14. Its $111 USD per ton in China.  Once you actually produce real value such as trying to get tens of millions of tons of coal out of the ground and turned into electricity, you make good money. Same goes for any other kind of mining or manufacturing. You need to produce real value and then you have the results of real value. You cant just rent seek. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 3 points 6 days ago Lowest bidder leads directly to lowest quality. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 6 days ago Nope. Completely wrong if talking about a commodity, and if it is not a commodity you just need to ensure proper quality engineering with your estimate for total cost + vetting your vendors. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments... Ritchie_Blackadder 7 points 6 days ago Dual citizen interests permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Trump lost on tariffs when he started screeching them bordering as a joke rather than it being clear and decisive actions with clear justifications. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply mailinvoter 11 points 6 days ago I'm starting to think there's more than just redditards here pushing their anti-Trump bullshit.  Must be foreigners also because calling some of them retards doesn't make them REEEEE!!! and give up. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 6 days ago Yeah I'm not sure when this little site went on the radar but there's a lot of TDS shills in here permalink parent award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot 2 points 5 days ago Iranian trolls who now make up the movement called groypers. They pretend to be white Nationalists/america first and the only thing they do in every topic is attack Trump for being an ally of Israel permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 8 points 6 days ago Yep.  The problem is Democrats like to pretend that being robbed blind by other countries is the same as being respected on the global stage.  Democrats are so materialistic and so fixated on money, they don't understand the greatest respect is self respect and within a nation, it's respecting your own people enough to not allow them to get ripped off. permalink award report block reply lixa 9 points 6 days ago It's all theater. They don't care about respect. They work for Satan permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 5 points 6 days ago Their leaders and donors definitely do.  I think most Democrat voters though just got programmed by TheNews™ and never challenged a single left wing assumption in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 4 points 6 days ago Yes of course permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 6 points 6 days ago If the tarriffs go, sink the ships . permalink award report block reply yuge_covfefe 2 points 6 days ago Lol that'd make it a foreign policy all right permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so  that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? -- YoureNotReally QED. You're BRILLIANT. EDIT: Seriously, you're argument is But Mah Foreign Slave Labor . Fuck you, and your entire intellectual lineage, asshat. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 6 points 6 days ago He said countries. Not interests. Faggot ALLCAPS’d a lie. permalink award report block reply heightnoise 12 points 6 days ago The post says he was quoted as saying "countries." Foreign governments' interests are foreign interests. All foreign countries have interests. To other countries that deal with us, the US itself has a "foreign interest" in them. No lies detected. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 6 days ago dual citizens have left the chat permalink parent award report block reply heightnoise 6 points 6 days ago Good. And if any one of them have more loyalty in their hearts to that foreign country than this one, I hope that they go deepthroat a rusty chainsaw and NEVER dare return back. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai -1 points 6 days ago got eem permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 5 points 6 days ago We should look into hiring an AG who could prosecute these corrupt judges that are allowing foreign interests to exploit our corrupt court systems. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 5 points 6 days ago Can you name them? permalink award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 6 points 6 days ago China, Russia, India, Brazil, Canada, Britain. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 6 days ago Thank you Mr. President permalink parent award report block reply Gregorina 3 points 6 days ago If the SC rules against trump, maybe he’ll actually fire a ton of federal workers. permalink award report block reply Scatter-Shot 3 points 6 days ago No kidding. Doug Ford's ad is an example. permalink award report block reply rextexMG 3 points 6 days ago not happy about his tone, what does he know that we don't?  sounds like it's iffy at scotus. permalink award report block reply mailinvoter 4 points 6 days ago You don't know about ACB and Kavanaugh? permalink parent award report block reply rextexMG 2 points 6 days ago They suck but what else? permalink parent award report block reply covok48 3 points 6 days ago This administration is completely ineffective on everything. And before you say he’s doing great on the border, I want people already in here illegally back OUT. permalink award report block reply stayfckingcalm 2 points 6 days ago He's running the biggest deportation program in history. That takes time, there are really a lot of illegals...
He's not even finished with his first year. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 2 points 6 days ago Sit down, Canada. permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 2 points 6 days ago Roberts going to side with the left permalink award report block reply yodayoda 2 points 6 days ago the issue is with this country, not a foreign country. if any country allows itself to be influenced or controlled by a foreign country to the extent that the foreign country can get it to lose in its own courts, it isn't a real country and deserves what it gets. if the USA is a "superpower" then this can't happen without insiders wanting it to happen. permalink award report block reply Schroeder09 2 points 6 days ago THE INTERNATIONAL CLIQUE permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 2 points 6 days ago Canada permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 6 days ago It's China. China really doesn't want the tariffs, so it can dump all their crap products on you. Mamdani was also caused by China. Everyone thinks it's Soros but it's actually more of Singham, who lives in Shanghai. Because Singham's name is less famous than Soros, he flies under the radar. Singham is also affiliated to CodePink, look it up. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 2 points 6 days ago Didn't one of trumps guys just come out though saying everything's looking good. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Aye meanwhile Bissent has been investing in companies tied to tariff refunds... permalink parent award report block reply Kiwipede22 2 points 6 days ago Well then impose an import admin fee that is the equivalent that applies to every single item coming in. permalink award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 6 days ago The tariffs have made things more expensive for my business but the funny part is that I just raised my prices to compensate and it’s actually sped up! So  turns out I’m actually making slightly more now.  And it’s knocked out competitors at that permalink award report block reply SoHappyNow4Me 1 points 6 days ago Please God, help us and protect us. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 1 points 6 days ago I agree with him and if SCOTUS rules against him it will cause more harm to the economy. permalink award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 6 days ago I'm not seeing this is going the way we want it to alas Trump is not a king permalink award report block reply Lurker6 1 points 6 days ago They've set the precedent that foreign interests are good enough to wiretap the entire democratic party. permalink award report block reply sully 1 points 6 days ago The longer politicians refuse to name-drop Israel the more they become spineless pussies. permalink award report block reply cptkloss5 1 points 6 days ago what "tariff case" is there a case at WTO right now? what is it?? permalink award report block reply TheAttackTitan 4 points 6 days ago SCOTUS is looking at a democrat court case that’ll decide whether Trump can use tariffs as foreign policy negotiations permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Next perhaps they'll work to remove any trade deals that Trump used to garner peace between countries that have been at war for decades. permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to only use tariffs as tariffs. The punitive measures he's inflicting needs to be done through sanctions through the treasury.  He's making a mockery out of McKinley's fiscal policy (I love tariffs and want to be a permanent thing going forward). permalink award report block reply The_RedWolf 1 points 6 days ago I'd be more surprised if they weren't trying to interfere. America does it to other countries, so of course they're going to try to do it to us. We just cant let them succeed. permalink award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 1 points 6 days ago Be a good time to i dont know actually stop listening to a kritarchy. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 1 points 6 days ago While the legal types literally are arguing back and forth about the meanings of words - One issue was agreed to by both sides with no doubts what so ever = a President CAN BAN ITEMS ENTIRELY FROM IMPORT... At will. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 1 points 6 days ago The only problem with Tariffs in today's world is it will take at least 5-10 years of sustained tariffs to get companies to move back to the US. In the meantime, consumers eat the increased cost. Most people aren't willing to abide by that for that much time when they are already living paycheck to paycheck, as 69% of Americans are. Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just stating reality. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago That is incorrect a few companies have already pulled back manufacturing in Canada to move back to the US. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Well yeah; our economy isn't doing swell so no ones buying the products - see Stelantis as a great example. Companies have no national loyalty - nor should they expect to if your supporting a free-market. permalink parent award report block reply LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago Sounds like a national security issue to me..... permalink award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 6 days ago it was the use of tariffs as a form of sanctions that puts the case on bad footing. So now it could be that tariff policy is jeopardized in service of prolonging wars that should have been ended already. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 6 days ago Not just foreign... permalink award report block reply fjobb 1 points 6 days ago Ya other countries want what’s best for them, fucking news. Why would your judiciary care at all about that? Seems that’s where the problem is if there is one, not the other countries. USA has no problem manipulating everyone else for their interests, I don’t see why they shouldn’t try it back. Don’t let them and if they successfully manage to it’s because your country is divided. permalink award report block reply Senaleb 1 points 6 days ago Hopefully he takes AIPAC as seriously as this...j/k we know he won't. permalink award report block reply UsernameChexOut 1 points 6 days ago He's ones step away from coming full circle and blaming Russia for it permalink award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 6 days ago But not that one permalink award report block reply CaliBlonde 1 points 6 days ago If the Supreme Court does not allow the tariffs, what do you think will happen with the stock market? permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 6 days ago Say Israel Trump its ok permalink award report block reply Diana -2 points 6 days ago The guy who argued in favor of the tariffs did a poor job. He was not able to push back on the idiotic claims of Roberts that it was a tax on Americans, which it is not. He was not prepared to argue an obvious point--which is the less flexible party bears the tariff burden--i.e, the foreign manufactufer who is seeking access to the American consumer has few to no alternatives to that market whereas the American consumer has in most cases multiple options. Therefore, the foreign entity bears the cost in most cases. And that does not even count the need for reduced taxes on Americans since it is a direct contribution to the U.S. Treasury. Duh. permalink award report block reply ParmesanCartel -11 points 6 days ago Trump is taking advantage of your critical thinking ability permalink award report block reply TheDarkEmperor 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply myturningpoint 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
24601 71 points 6 days ago Whoever is currently talking in Trump's ear is not MAGA. permalink award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 51 points 6 days ago At least regarding the affordability of things, someone needs to make it clear that while, yes, it is a buzzword, and it is the Biden regime's fault for fucking the economy with inflation, simply saying how things are better than they were isn't enough for a lot of people. He should be saying how things still aren't as good as they should be, and it's important that work be done to make sure people feel like the economy is improving, rather than it just being a vague stock percentage. permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle 20 points 6 days ago It's the classic saying: "it's the economy, stupid" People vote their wallets. It's not helping us to just say over and over that the economy is good when it's actually dogshit. It's literally what Psaki and KJP did under the Biden regime and that was their downfall. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and we have the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Canada, trade wars, Chyna, Greenland etc. and so much else always is the topic. Hope the election annihilation gets through or we are toast in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago I think the USAID money pumped cryto. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago I don't think Tariffs are working overall - but if Trump is wrong do you think he will admit it especially if its been doing damage to the US economy? permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 4 points 6 days ago Trump started using them for stupid things with no purpose. It was supposed to be to backstop American manufacturing, then it became if Canada made an ad that offends Trump... Tariff or India gets a tariff to try and hurt Russia and support Ukraine. Sadly the dude has been so brazen and purposeless with its use that it's almost a certainty, based on the SCOTUS oral arguments, that he will soon lose almost all of his tariff ability and they'll return it back to congress. Hopefully they don't cuck him fully and make him give 100s of billions in refunds. FFS Trump needs to dump Lutnick, Soros's boy Bessent, Bondi, Kash, Ratcliffe and above all the gatekeeper Susie Wiles. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... myturningpoint 2 points 6 days ago Tariffs are bringing in billions of dollars. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Txiribiton 1 points 5 days ago Check operation warp speed and covid vaccines. Tariffs are not working because there is no long term or short term plan behind them. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and there should be press conferences etc. explaining what they are doing and why, rough timelines etc. We made some progress on gas, eggs and turkey but a lot of other things are still very high. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 6 days ago You have to understand that neither party cases about the White middle class anymore. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -14 points 6 days ago Cope, faggot permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot -16 points 6 days ago Historically, it is absolutely enough.  Politicians that preside over growth are always awarded with reelection. Preside over decline...and, well, we saw what happened yesterday. Anyhoo.  Maybe skip the next "Great Gatsby" debauchery party and tend to the needs to those who put you in the WH to begin with. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 20 points 6 days ago A handshake account with "patriot" in the username referring to a 'Great Gatsby party' talking point and acting like Democrats just swept the Nation? Totally not a redditor! permalink parent award report block reply lixa 9 points 6 days ago What decline? Trump is rescuing us from the Biden disaster. It takes time. What happened yesterday was predictable and no reflection on Trump's policies. permalink parent award report block reply MtnMover444 4 points 6 days ago Sorry to disagree, but my coffee shot up to $20/lb, interest rates are still up over 6% (causing me to put off buying a new home) and Whitaker just announced $3B more for Ukraine.  I am willing to make sacrifices to see the country turn around.  But none of the tariff and re-shoring of American industries policies are being explained coherently. Robert Barnes agrees that Trump's tariffs are probably illegal, because it is the role of Congress to impose them. Barnes went on to explain that if Trump loses the Supreme Court case, all the money needs to be paid back to every entity that was forced to pay a tariff. We just surpassed the $38 trillion debt mark two weeks ago. I've been voting for Trump since 2016 and the last 10 months have been nothing but chaos and $ for useless foreign wars/countries. I am nowhere close to jumping off the train. But I want all the money being sent abroad to come back here and for this administration to get focused on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 7 points 6 days ago DJT has never "presided over decline." Leftards aren't persuaded by facts, regardless how much evidence there is. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago COVID was a decline...that was on Trumps watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 4 points 6 days ago Perhaps not building a golden ballroom and bathroom while folks are starving too.. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 4 points 6 days ago That party was awesome and not degenerate. Many of the spammed worst photos were old photos from Hollywood also like girls in giant martini glasses and people dressed up like sluts were from a 2023 or 2024 Lady Gaga party for example. We lost because NJ, VA, and NY are far left blue states. Retards here need to stop LARPing like many Republicans live there anymore while they also celebrate red states getting more solidly red from MAGA people fleeing blue states. The retards keep LARPing like these blue states have many MAGA people. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 7 points 6 days ago Seriously, I mean it's kinda newsworthy that they elected an Actual Communist and a bit depressing that the city of 9/11 voted for an Actual Muslim, but I swear if any state in the union were predicted to vote ultrahard left it'd be either CA or NY. We've been posting "escape from NY" memes since 2020 (at least) but we act surprised when there's no one left there to vote conservative? One of these things simply can't be true. This election being anything more than a blip in the news cycle is pure dooming by most and a grift for clicks by the rest. Anyone intellectually honest saw this coming ages ago. About all I can add to that is I hope Trump denies any and all federal funding to the Communist agenda, regardless of state. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago GA is far left blue? what about PA? man wtf copium you smoking to ignore that we have 1 year to get Trump to return to MAGA or 2026 will be a bloodbath? Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Bessent, and Lutnick, Bondi, and Kash. Release the Epstein files. Bring the military back and ditch all countries not USA and return to all the promises he actually ran on and won in a landslide because of permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 26 points 6 days ago So tariffs aren't MAGA? WTF are you talking about? permalink parent award report block reply Thatunknownguy 15 points 6 days ago Libertarians are awful people permalink parent award report block reply InciteAnErection 9 points 6 days ago Losertarians permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 -2 points 6 days ago Tariffs on India to support Ukraine are NOT MAGA... how is that hard to understand? How tf does hurting Russia help restore American manufacturing? It's just supporting the same deep state goals of the last 10 yrs. And how does no one on the team realize that we have 0 leverage against China when we must have rare earths at all costs and have to come back and capitulate again and again. This looks like amateur hour done completely on a whim with no plan...and I was all for protectionist tariffs to help rebuild our industries in the beginning permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 1 points 5 days ago Do you even understand what the fuck BRICS is? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -7 points 6 days ago The part that isn't MAGA is companies pushing off the extra costs onto the consumer permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 10 points 6 days ago That's literally the only way to run a company. Try running any business and charge your customers less than your costs. The only possible outcome is bankruptcy. The MAGA part is moving the supply chains into the USA or at least to lower tariffed (aka friendly) nations, so that savings can be passed on to the buyers. That all takes a long time to kick in though. permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 1 points 6 days ago There is no incentive for many companies to move to America even with tariffs. Because they put the burden on the consumer, they're not actually facing that hurdle. Most shit is egregiously marked up for the consumer anyways, most companies could probably afford to eat a bit of the cost, which is the price they must pay to do business in the world's largest economy. They may see a drop in sales from American consumers, but the amount they will lose from that will be less than the amount it will cost and the hassle to move their entire supply chain to the US. I don't think you'll see as many move here as you may think. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Yeah this is the point. Trump thought he would FORCE everyone to move their production into the US; what has he done to encourage local investment? The only investment prospects the US has gotten have been by threatening with tariffs. Corporate taxes? Incentives? Civil unrest? Why would a company WANT to be in the USA unless its under threat of profit loss via essentially the threat that if your goods come from anywhere else they are going to be priced out of consumer targets unless you choose to sell at a loss. If tariffs go; expect many of those investments under duress to follow. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 4 points 6 days ago Simple question, if a sneaker made in Vietnam costs are $100 at a store in America and we tariff Vietnam at 20% how much the sneakers are going to cost now? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -1 points 6 days ago $120 for the consumer to recoup the $20 they had to pay to ship it in, or more because companies are greedy and they will claim it's "muh tariffs" so they will try to make a profit on top of that, plus they know Americans will still buy it anyways but clearly you have some sly reply you are planning to make with how you framed your question, so please do enlighten me permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Klaus73 -2 points 6 days ago To Quote Trumps own advocate to the Supreme court flat out admitted that anywhere from 30 to 80% of those tariffs are paid by American consumers. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 6 days ago Dumb take. Globalist economics have eroded the manufacturing base of the country. Your policies have failed. Now we're going to fix it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Randomly screeching "tariffs" only disrupts commerce. He has not been implementing a consistent tariff policy. It has been random incoherent tweets that do not match the actual policy implemented. Even on official documentation there were calls for tariffs on countries that dont exist, and the official documentation called for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers which is further nonsense. Tariffs are a useful tool but not the way that Trump is currently acting. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 14 points 6 days ago These are leftist talking points. You are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs for decades and a key reason we elected him. You forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. And btw you leftist talking points aren't even correct, there wasn't a call to tariff countries that don't exist, it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands. And what the leftist media left out is that those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries and they export fish to us from those islands. https://www.ibtimes.com.au/why-are-us-tariffs-targeting-australias-remote-heard-mcdonald-islands-1857568 permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago ou are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs What Trump has actually done with tariffs has gone against what Trump has said about tariffs. ou forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. What Trump is doing is making it impossible to do that due to great uncertainty from Trump's incoherent messaging and policy. What it is actually doing is making people sit on cash until there is coherent policy. it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands Labeling them as a country. those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries So what? Calling for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers is nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Right now it seems the hot button issue with the tariffs he is applying is that they are supposed to be used to address an emergency issue - since Trump has been CONSTANTLY stating they are for revenue generation the courts are seeing it as a tax; which he does not have the power to apply. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 19 points 6 days ago So you want the world to continue fucking us over? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -14 points 6 days ago You are a communist, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 7 points 6 days ago nah, more like projection from a turbo faggot like yourself. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 14 points 6 days ago He is and always will be surrounded by criminals trying to derail his agenda. He knows this. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 7 points 6 days ago He knew better after his first term. I learned to not trust people after what I went through. Trump hasnt learned that yet. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago Susie Wiles is 100x worse for MAGA than any other cabinet pick. She has gatekept any populist from Trump and surrounded him with Neocons and Bush-ites. It's sad and so many here on this forum just clapping seals permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 6 days ago RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution gives POTUS power over tariff policy. You have obviously never read the constitution because the US Constitution gives that power to congress. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Apparently all the constitutional scholars on here know more then...well every judge including from the looks of it SCOTUS. permalink parent award report block reply load 17 more comments...
DatTrumpDoh 51 points 6 days ago At least regarding the affordability of things, someone needs to make it clear that while, yes, it is a buzzword, and it is the Biden regime's fault for fucking the economy with inflation, simply saying how things are better than they were isn't enough for a lot of people. He should be saying how things still aren't as good as they should be, and it's important that work be done to make sure people feel like the economy is improving, rather than it just being a vague stock percentage. permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle 20 points 6 days ago It's the classic saying: "it's the economy, stupid" People vote their wallets. It's not helping us to just say over and over that the economy is good when it's actually dogshit. It's literally what Psaki and KJP did under the Biden regime and that was their downfall. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and we have the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Canada, trade wars, Chyna, Greenland etc. and so much else always is the topic. Hope the election annihilation gets through or we are toast in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago I think the USAID money pumped cryto. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago I don't think Tariffs are working overall - but if Trump is wrong do you think he will admit it especially if its been doing damage to the US economy? permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 4 points 6 days ago Trump started using them for stupid things with no purpose. It was supposed to be to backstop American manufacturing, then it became if Canada made an ad that offends Trump... Tariff or India gets a tariff to try and hurt Russia and support Ukraine. Sadly the dude has been so brazen and purposeless with its use that it's almost a certainty, based on the SCOTUS oral arguments, that he will soon lose almost all of his tariff ability and they'll return it back to congress. Hopefully they don't cuck him fully and make him give 100s of billions in refunds. FFS Trump needs to dump Lutnick, Soros's boy Bessent, Bondi, Kash, Ratcliffe and above all the gatekeeper Susie Wiles. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... myturningpoint 2 points 6 days ago Tariffs are bringing in billions of dollars. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Txiribiton 1 points 5 days ago Check operation warp speed and covid vaccines. Tariffs are not working because there is no long term or short term plan behind them. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and there should be press conferences etc. explaining what they are doing and why, rough timelines etc. We made some progress on gas, eggs and turkey but a lot of other things are still very high. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 6 days ago You have to understand that neither party cases about the White middle class anymore. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -14 points 6 days ago Cope, faggot permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot -16 points 6 days ago Historically, it is absolutely enough.  Politicians that preside over growth are always awarded with reelection. Preside over decline...and, well, we saw what happened yesterday. Anyhoo.  Maybe skip the next "Great Gatsby" debauchery party and tend to the needs to those who put you in the WH to begin with. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 20 points 6 days ago A handshake account with "patriot" in the username referring to a 'Great Gatsby party' talking point and acting like Democrats just swept the Nation? Totally not a redditor! permalink parent award report block reply lixa 9 points 6 days ago What decline? Trump is rescuing us from the Biden disaster. It takes time. What happened yesterday was predictable and no reflection on Trump's policies. permalink parent award report block reply MtnMover444 4 points 6 days ago Sorry to disagree, but my coffee shot up to $20/lb, interest rates are still up over 6% (causing me to put off buying a new home) and Whitaker just announced $3B more for Ukraine.  I am willing to make sacrifices to see the country turn around.  But none of the tariff and re-shoring of American industries policies are being explained coherently. Robert Barnes agrees that Trump's tariffs are probably illegal, because it is the role of Congress to impose them. Barnes went on to explain that if Trump loses the Supreme Court case, all the money needs to be paid back to every entity that was forced to pay a tariff. We just surpassed the $38 trillion debt mark two weeks ago. I've been voting for Trump since 2016 and the last 10 months have been nothing but chaos and $ for useless foreign wars/countries. I am nowhere close to jumping off the train. But I want all the money being sent abroad to come back here and for this administration to get focused on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 7 points 6 days ago DJT has never "presided over decline." Leftards aren't persuaded by facts, regardless how much evidence there is. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago COVID was a decline...that was on Trumps watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 4 points 6 days ago Perhaps not building a golden ballroom and bathroom while folks are starving too.. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 4 points 6 days ago That party was awesome and not degenerate. Many of the spammed worst photos were old photos from Hollywood also like girls in giant martini glasses and people dressed up like sluts were from a 2023 or 2024 Lady Gaga party for example. We lost because NJ, VA, and NY are far left blue states. Retards here need to stop LARPing like many Republicans live there anymore while they also celebrate red states getting more solidly red from MAGA people fleeing blue states. The retards keep LARPing like these blue states have many MAGA people. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 7 points 6 days ago Seriously, I mean it's kinda newsworthy that they elected an Actual Communist and a bit depressing that the city of 9/11 voted for an Actual Muslim, but I swear if any state in the union were predicted to vote ultrahard left it'd be either CA or NY. We've been posting "escape from NY" memes since 2020 (at least) but we act surprised when there's no one left there to vote conservative? One of these things simply can't be true. This election being anything more than a blip in the news cycle is pure dooming by most and a grift for clicks by the rest. Anyone intellectually honest saw this coming ages ago. About all I can add to that is I hope Trump denies any and all federal funding to the Communist agenda, regardless of state. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago GA is far left blue? what about PA? man wtf copium you smoking to ignore that we have 1 year to get Trump to return to MAGA or 2026 will be a bloodbath? Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Bessent, and Lutnick, Bondi, and Kash. Release the Epstein files. Bring the military back and ditch all countries not USA and return to all the promises he actually ran on and won in a landslide because of permalink parent award report block reply
maltese-poodle 20 points 6 days ago It's the classic saying: "it's the economy, stupid" People vote their wallets. It's not helping us to just say over and over that the economy is good when it's actually dogshit. It's literally what Psaki and KJP did under the Biden regime and that was their downfall. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and we have the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Canada, trade wars, Chyna, Greenland etc. and so much else always is the topic. Hope the election annihilation gets through or we are toast in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago I think the USAID money pumped cryto. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago I don't think Tariffs are working overall - but if Trump is wrong do you think he will admit it especially if its been doing damage to the US economy? permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 4 points 6 days ago Trump started using them for stupid things with no purpose. It was supposed to be to backstop American manufacturing, then it became if Canada made an ad that offends Trump... Tariff or India gets a tariff to try and hurt Russia and support Ukraine. Sadly the dude has been so brazen and purposeless with its use that it's almost a certainty, based on the SCOTUS oral arguments, that he will soon lose almost all of his tariff ability and they'll return it back to congress. Hopefully they don't cuck him fully and make him give 100s of billions in refunds. FFS Trump needs to dump Lutnick, Soros's boy Bessent, Bondi, Kash, Ratcliffe and above all the gatekeeper Susie Wiles. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... myturningpoint 2 points 6 days ago Tariffs are bringing in billions of dollars. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Txiribiton 1 points 5 days ago Check operation warp speed and covid vaccines. Tariffs are not working because there is no long term or short term plan behind them. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and we have the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Canada, trade wars, Chyna, Greenland etc. and so much else always is the topic. Hope the election annihilation gets through or we are toast in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago I think the USAID money pumped cryto. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago I don't think Tariffs are working overall - but if Trump is wrong do you think he will admit it especially if its been doing damage to the US economy? permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 4 points 6 days ago Trump started using them for stupid things with no purpose. It was supposed to be to backstop American manufacturing, then it became if Canada made an ad that offends Trump... Tariff or India gets a tariff to try and hurt Russia and support Ukraine. Sadly the dude has been so brazen and purposeless with its use that it's almost a certainty, based on the SCOTUS oral arguments, that he will soon lose almost all of his tariff ability and they'll return it back to congress. Hopefully they don't cuck him fully and make him give 100s of billions in refunds. FFS Trump needs to dump Lutnick, Soros's boy Bessent, Bondi, Kash, Ratcliffe and above all the gatekeeper Susie Wiles. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... myturningpoint 2 points 6 days ago Tariffs are bringing in billions of dollars. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Txiribiton 1 points 5 days ago Check operation warp speed and covid vaccines. Tariffs are not working because there is no long term or short term plan behind them. permalink parent award report block reply
Obliv1 4 points 6 days ago Trump started using them for stupid things with no purpose. It was supposed to be to backstop American manufacturing, then it became if Canada made an ad that offends Trump... Tariff or India gets a tariff to try and hurt Russia and support Ukraine. Sadly the dude has been so brazen and purposeless with its use that it's almost a certainty, based on the SCOTUS oral arguments, that he will soon lose almost all of his tariff ability and they'll return it back to congress. Hopefully they don't cuck him fully and make him give 100s of billions in refunds. FFS Trump needs to dump Lutnick, Soros's boy Bessent, Bondi, Kash, Ratcliffe and above all the gatekeeper Susie Wiles. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
myturningpoint 2 points 6 days ago Tariffs are bringing in billions of dollars. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Txiribiton 1 points 5 days ago Check operation warp speed and covid vaccines. Tariffs are not working because there is no long term or short term plan behind them. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 6 points 6 days ago Yes and there should be press conferences etc. explaining what they are doing and why, rough timelines etc. We made some progress on gas, eggs and turkey but a lot of other things are still very high. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 4 points 6 days ago You have to understand that neither party cases about the White middle class anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -14 points 6 days ago Cope, faggot permalink parent award report block reply
NebraskanPatriot -16 points 6 days ago Historically, it is absolutely enough.  Politicians that preside over growth are always awarded with reelection. Preside over decline...and, well, we saw what happened yesterday. Anyhoo.  Maybe skip the next "Great Gatsby" debauchery party and tend to the needs to those who put you in the WH to begin with. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 20 points 6 days ago A handshake account with "patriot" in the username referring to a 'Great Gatsby party' talking point and acting like Democrats just swept the Nation? Totally not a redditor! permalink parent award report block reply lixa 9 points 6 days ago What decline? Trump is rescuing us from the Biden disaster. It takes time. What happened yesterday was predictable and no reflection on Trump's policies. permalink parent award report block reply MtnMover444 4 points 6 days ago Sorry to disagree, but my coffee shot up to $20/lb, interest rates are still up over 6% (causing me to put off buying a new home) and Whitaker just announced $3B more for Ukraine.  I am willing to make sacrifices to see the country turn around.  But none of the tariff and re-shoring of American industries policies are being explained coherently. Robert Barnes agrees that Trump's tariffs are probably illegal, because it is the role of Congress to impose them. Barnes went on to explain that if Trump loses the Supreme Court case, all the money needs to be paid back to every entity that was forced to pay a tariff. We just surpassed the $38 trillion debt mark two weeks ago. I've been voting for Trump since 2016 and the last 10 months have been nothing but chaos and $ for useless foreign wars/countries. I am nowhere close to jumping off the train. But I want all the money being sent abroad to come back here and for this administration to get focused on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 7 points 6 days ago DJT has never "presided over decline." Leftards aren't persuaded by facts, regardless how much evidence there is. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago COVID was a decline...that was on Trumps watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 4 points 6 days ago Perhaps not building a golden ballroom and bathroom while folks are starving too.. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 4 points 6 days ago That party was awesome and not degenerate. Many of the spammed worst photos were old photos from Hollywood also like girls in giant martini glasses and people dressed up like sluts were from a 2023 or 2024 Lady Gaga party for example. We lost because NJ, VA, and NY are far left blue states. Retards here need to stop LARPing like many Republicans live there anymore while they also celebrate red states getting more solidly red from MAGA people fleeing blue states. The retards keep LARPing like these blue states have many MAGA people. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 7 points 6 days ago Seriously, I mean it's kinda newsworthy that they elected an Actual Communist and a bit depressing that the city of 9/11 voted for an Actual Muslim, but I swear if any state in the union were predicted to vote ultrahard left it'd be either CA or NY. We've been posting "escape from NY" memes since 2020 (at least) but we act surprised when there's no one left there to vote conservative? One of these things simply can't be true. This election being anything more than a blip in the news cycle is pure dooming by most and a grift for clicks by the rest. Anyone intellectually honest saw this coming ages ago. About all I can add to that is I hope Trump denies any and all federal funding to the Communist agenda, regardless of state. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago GA is far left blue? what about PA? man wtf copium you smoking to ignore that we have 1 year to get Trump to return to MAGA or 2026 will be a bloodbath? Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Bessent, and Lutnick, Bondi, and Kash. Release the Epstein files. Bring the military back and ditch all countries not USA and return to all the promises he actually ran on and won in a landslide because of permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 20 points 6 days ago A handshake account with "patriot" in the username referring to a 'Great Gatsby party' talking point and acting like Democrats just swept the Nation? Totally not a redditor! permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 9 points 6 days ago What decline? Trump is rescuing us from the Biden disaster. It takes time. What happened yesterday was predictable and no reflection on Trump's policies. permalink parent award report block reply MtnMover444 4 points 6 days ago Sorry to disagree, but my coffee shot up to $20/lb, interest rates are still up over 6% (causing me to put off buying a new home) and Whitaker just announced $3B more for Ukraine.  I am willing to make sacrifices to see the country turn around.  But none of the tariff and re-shoring of American industries policies are being explained coherently. Robert Barnes agrees that Trump's tariffs are probably illegal, because it is the role of Congress to impose them. Barnes went on to explain that if Trump loses the Supreme Court case, all the money needs to be paid back to every entity that was forced to pay a tariff. We just surpassed the $38 trillion debt mark two weeks ago. I've been voting for Trump since 2016 and the last 10 months have been nothing but chaos and $ for useless foreign wars/countries. I am nowhere close to jumping off the train. But I want all the money being sent abroad to come back here and for this administration to get focused on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
MtnMover444 4 points 6 days ago Sorry to disagree, but my coffee shot up to $20/lb, interest rates are still up over 6% (causing me to put off buying a new home) and Whitaker just announced $3B more for Ukraine.  I am willing to make sacrifices to see the country turn around.  But none of the tariff and re-shoring of American industries policies are being explained coherently. Robert Barnes agrees that Trump's tariffs are probably illegal, because it is the role of Congress to impose them. Barnes went on to explain that if Trump loses the Supreme Court case, all the money needs to be paid back to every entity that was forced to pay a tariff. We just surpassed the $38 trillion debt mark two weeks ago. I've been voting for Trump since 2016 and the last 10 months have been nothing but chaos and $ for useless foreign wars/countries. I am nowhere close to jumping off the train. But I want all the money being sent abroad to come back here and for this administration to get focused on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 7 points 6 days ago DJT has never "presided over decline." Leftards aren't persuaded by facts, regardless how much evidence there is. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago COVID was a decline...that was on Trumps watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago COVID was a decline...that was on Trumps watch. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Klaus73 4 points 6 days ago Perhaps not building a golden ballroom and bathroom while folks are starving too.. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 4 points 6 days ago That party was awesome and not degenerate. Many of the spammed worst photos were old photos from Hollywood also like girls in giant martini glasses and people dressed up like sluts were from a 2023 or 2024 Lady Gaga party for example. We lost because NJ, VA, and NY are far left blue states. Retards here need to stop LARPing like many Republicans live there anymore while they also celebrate red states getting more solidly red from MAGA people fleeing blue states. The retards keep LARPing like these blue states have many MAGA people. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 7 points 6 days ago Seriously, I mean it's kinda newsworthy that they elected an Actual Communist and a bit depressing that the city of 9/11 voted for an Actual Muslim, but I swear if any state in the union were predicted to vote ultrahard left it'd be either CA or NY. We've been posting "escape from NY" memes since 2020 (at least) but we act surprised when there's no one left there to vote conservative? One of these things simply can't be true. This election being anything more than a blip in the news cycle is pure dooming by most and a grift for clicks by the rest. Anyone intellectually honest saw this coming ages ago. About all I can add to that is I hope Trump denies any and all federal funding to the Communist agenda, regardless of state. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago GA is far left blue? what about PA? man wtf copium you smoking to ignore that we have 1 year to get Trump to return to MAGA or 2026 will be a bloodbath? Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Bessent, and Lutnick, Bondi, and Kash. Release the Epstein files. Bring the military back and ditch all countries not USA and return to all the promises he actually ran on and won in a landslide because of permalink parent award report block reply
yuge_covfefe 7 points 6 days ago Seriously, I mean it's kinda newsworthy that they elected an Actual Communist and a bit depressing that the city of 9/11 voted for an Actual Muslim, but I swear if any state in the union were predicted to vote ultrahard left it'd be either CA or NY. We've been posting "escape from NY" memes since 2020 (at least) but we act surprised when there's no one left there to vote conservative? One of these things simply can't be true. This election being anything more than a blip in the news cycle is pure dooming by most and a grift for clicks by the rest. Anyone intellectually honest saw this coming ages ago. About all I can add to that is I hope Trump denies any and all federal funding to the Communist agenda, regardless of state. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago GA is far left blue? what about PA? man wtf copium you smoking to ignore that we have 1 year to get Trump to return to MAGA or 2026 will be a bloodbath? Fire Susie Wiles, Rubio, Bessent, and Lutnick, Bondi, and Kash. Release the Epstein files. Bring the military back and ditch all countries not USA and return to all the promises he actually ran on and won in a landslide because of permalink parent award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 26 points 6 days ago So tariffs aren't MAGA? WTF are you talking about? permalink parent award report block reply Thatunknownguy 15 points 6 days ago Libertarians are awful people permalink parent award report block reply InciteAnErection 9 points 6 days ago Losertarians permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 -2 points 6 days ago Tariffs on India to support Ukraine are NOT MAGA... how is that hard to understand? How tf does hurting Russia help restore American manufacturing? It's just supporting the same deep state goals of the last 10 yrs. And how does no one on the team realize that we have 0 leverage against China when we must have rare earths at all costs and have to come back and capitulate again and again. This looks like amateur hour done completely on a whim with no plan...and I was all for protectionist tariffs to help rebuild our industries in the beginning permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 1 points 5 days ago Do you even understand what the fuck BRICS is? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -7 points 6 days ago The part that isn't MAGA is companies pushing off the extra costs onto the consumer permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 10 points 6 days ago That's literally the only way to run a company. Try running any business and charge your customers less than your costs. The only possible outcome is bankruptcy. The MAGA part is moving the supply chains into the USA or at least to lower tariffed (aka friendly) nations, so that savings can be passed on to the buyers. That all takes a long time to kick in though. permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 1 points 6 days ago There is no incentive for many companies to move to America even with tariffs. Because they put the burden on the consumer, they're not actually facing that hurdle. Most shit is egregiously marked up for the consumer anyways, most companies could probably afford to eat a bit of the cost, which is the price they must pay to do business in the world's largest economy. They may see a drop in sales from American consumers, but the amount they will lose from that will be less than the amount it will cost and the hassle to move their entire supply chain to the US. I don't think you'll see as many move here as you may think. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Yeah this is the point. Trump thought he would FORCE everyone to move their production into the US; what has he done to encourage local investment? The only investment prospects the US has gotten have been by threatening with tariffs. Corporate taxes? Incentives? Civil unrest? Why would a company WANT to be in the USA unless its under threat of profit loss via essentially the threat that if your goods come from anywhere else they are going to be priced out of consumer targets unless you choose to sell at a loss. If tariffs go; expect many of those investments under duress to follow. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 4 points 6 days ago Simple question, if a sneaker made in Vietnam costs are $100 at a store in America and we tariff Vietnam at 20% how much the sneakers are going to cost now? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -1 points 6 days ago $120 for the consumer to recoup the $20 they had to pay to ship it in, or more because companies are greedy and they will claim it's "muh tariffs" so they will try to make a profit on top of that, plus they know Americans will still buy it anyways but clearly you have some sly reply you are planning to make with how you framed your question, so please do enlighten me permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Klaus73 -2 points 6 days ago To Quote Trumps own advocate to the Supreme court flat out admitted that anywhere from 30 to 80% of those tariffs are paid by American consumers. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 6 days ago Dumb take. Globalist economics have eroded the manufacturing base of the country. Your policies have failed. Now we're going to fix it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Randomly screeching "tariffs" only disrupts commerce. He has not been implementing a consistent tariff policy. It has been random incoherent tweets that do not match the actual policy implemented. Even on official documentation there were calls for tariffs on countries that dont exist, and the official documentation called for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers which is further nonsense. Tariffs are a useful tool but not the way that Trump is currently acting. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 14 points 6 days ago These are leftist talking points. You are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs for decades and a key reason we elected him. You forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. And btw you leftist talking points aren't even correct, there wasn't a call to tariff countries that don't exist, it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands. And what the leftist media left out is that those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries and they export fish to us from those islands. https://www.ibtimes.com.au/why-are-us-tariffs-targeting-australias-remote-heard-mcdonald-islands-1857568 permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago ou are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs What Trump has actually done with tariffs has gone against what Trump has said about tariffs. ou forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. What Trump is doing is making it impossible to do that due to great uncertainty from Trump's incoherent messaging and policy. What it is actually doing is making people sit on cash until there is coherent policy. it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands Labeling them as a country. those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries So what? Calling for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers is nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Right now it seems the hot button issue with the tariffs he is applying is that they are supposed to be used to address an emergency issue - since Trump has been CONSTANTLY stating they are for revenue generation the courts are seeing it as a tax; which he does not have the power to apply. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Thatunknownguy 15 points 6 days ago Libertarians are awful people permalink parent award report block reply InciteAnErection 9 points 6 days ago Losertarians permalink parent award report block reply
InciteAnErection 9 points 6 days ago Losertarians permalink parent award report block reply
Obliv1 -2 points 6 days ago Tariffs on India to support Ukraine are NOT MAGA... how is that hard to understand? How tf does hurting Russia help restore American manufacturing? It's just supporting the same deep state goals of the last 10 yrs. And how does no one on the team realize that we have 0 leverage against China when we must have rare earths at all costs and have to come back and capitulate again and again. This looks like amateur hour done completely on a whim with no plan...and I was all for protectionist tariffs to help rebuild our industries in the beginning permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 1 points 5 days ago Do you even understand what the fuck BRICS is? permalink parent award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 1 points 5 days ago Do you even understand what the fuck BRICS is? permalink parent award report block reply
LogicCircuits -7 points 6 days ago The part that isn't MAGA is companies pushing off the extra costs onto the consumer permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 10 points 6 days ago That's literally the only way to run a company. Try running any business and charge your customers less than your costs. The only possible outcome is bankruptcy. The MAGA part is moving the supply chains into the USA or at least to lower tariffed (aka friendly) nations, so that savings can be passed on to the buyers. That all takes a long time to kick in though. permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 1 points 6 days ago There is no incentive for many companies to move to America even with tariffs. Because they put the burden on the consumer, they're not actually facing that hurdle. Most shit is egregiously marked up for the consumer anyways, most companies could probably afford to eat a bit of the cost, which is the price they must pay to do business in the world's largest economy. They may see a drop in sales from American consumers, but the amount they will lose from that will be less than the amount it will cost and the hassle to move their entire supply chain to the US. I don't think you'll see as many move here as you may think. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Yeah this is the point. Trump thought he would FORCE everyone to move their production into the US; what has he done to encourage local investment? The only investment prospects the US has gotten have been by threatening with tariffs. Corporate taxes? Incentives? Civil unrest? Why would a company WANT to be in the USA unless its under threat of profit loss via essentially the threat that if your goods come from anywhere else they are going to be priced out of consumer targets unless you choose to sell at a loss. If tariffs go; expect many of those investments under duress to follow. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 4 points 6 days ago Simple question, if a sneaker made in Vietnam costs are $100 at a store in America and we tariff Vietnam at 20% how much the sneakers are going to cost now? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -1 points 6 days ago $120 for the consumer to recoup the $20 they had to pay to ship it in, or more because companies are greedy and they will claim it's "muh tariffs" so they will try to make a profit on top of that, plus they know Americans will still buy it anyways but clearly you have some sly reply you are planning to make with how you framed your question, so please do enlighten me permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Klaus73 -2 points 6 days ago To Quote Trumps own advocate to the Supreme court flat out admitted that anywhere from 30 to 80% of those tariffs are paid by American consumers. permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 6 days ago Dumb take. Globalist economics have eroded the manufacturing base of the country. Your policies have failed. Now we're going to fix it. permalink parent award report block reply
yuge_covfefe 10 points 6 days ago That's literally the only way to run a company. Try running any business and charge your customers less than your costs. The only possible outcome is bankruptcy. The MAGA part is moving the supply chains into the USA or at least to lower tariffed (aka friendly) nations, so that savings can be passed on to the buyers. That all takes a long time to kick in though. permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 1 points 6 days ago There is no incentive for many companies to move to America even with tariffs. Because they put the burden on the consumer, they're not actually facing that hurdle. Most shit is egregiously marked up for the consumer anyways, most companies could probably afford to eat a bit of the cost, which is the price they must pay to do business in the world's largest economy. They may see a drop in sales from American consumers, but the amount they will lose from that will be less than the amount it will cost and the hassle to move their entire supply chain to the US. I don't think you'll see as many move here as you may think. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Yeah this is the point. Trump thought he would FORCE everyone to move their production into the US; what has he done to encourage local investment? The only investment prospects the US has gotten have been by threatening with tariffs. Corporate taxes? Incentives? Civil unrest? Why would a company WANT to be in the USA unless its under threat of profit loss via essentially the threat that if your goods come from anywhere else they are going to be priced out of consumer targets unless you choose to sell at a loss. If tariffs go; expect many of those investments under duress to follow. permalink parent award report block reply
LogicCircuits 1 points 6 days ago There is no incentive for many companies to move to America even with tariffs. Because they put the burden on the consumer, they're not actually facing that hurdle. Most shit is egregiously marked up for the consumer anyways, most companies could probably afford to eat a bit of the cost, which is the price they must pay to do business in the world's largest economy. They may see a drop in sales from American consumers, but the amount they will lose from that will be less than the amount it will cost and the hassle to move their entire supply chain to the US. I don't think you'll see as many move here as you may think. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Yeah this is the point. Trump thought he would FORCE everyone to move their production into the US; what has he done to encourage local investment? The only investment prospects the US has gotten have been by threatening with tariffs. Corporate taxes? Incentives? Civil unrest? Why would a company WANT to be in the USA unless its under threat of profit loss via essentially the threat that if your goods come from anywhere else they are going to be priced out of consumer targets unless you choose to sell at a loss. If tariffs go; expect many of those investments under duress to follow. permalink parent award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 4 points 6 days ago Simple question, if a sneaker made in Vietnam costs are $100 at a store in America and we tariff Vietnam at 20% how much the sneakers are going to cost now? permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits -1 points 6 days ago $120 for the consumer to recoup the $20 they had to pay to ship it in, or more because companies are greedy and they will claim it's "muh tariffs" so they will try to make a profit on top of that, plus they know Americans will still buy it anyways but clearly you have some sly reply you are planning to make with how you framed your question, so please do enlighten me permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Klaus73 -2 points 6 days ago To Quote Trumps own advocate to the Supreme court flat out admitted that anywhere from 30 to 80% of those tariffs are paid by American consumers. permalink parent award report block reply
LogicCircuits -1 points 6 days ago $120 for the consumer to recoup the $20 they had to pay to ship it in, or more because companies are greedy and they will claim it's "muh tariffs" so they will try to make a profit on top of that, plus they know Americans will still buy it anyways but clearly you have some sly reply you are planning to make with how you framed your question, so please do enlighten me permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Klaus73 -2 points 6 days ago To Quote Trumps own advocate to the Supreme court flat out admitted that anywhere from 30 to 80% of those tariffs are paid by American consumers. permalink parent award report block reply
LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 6 days ago Dumb take. Globalist economics have eroded the manufacturing base of the country. Your policies have failed. Now we're going to fix it. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Randomly screeching "tariffs" only disrupts commerce. He has not been implementing a consistent tariff policy. It has been random incoherent tweets that do not match the actual policy implemented. Even on official documentation there were calls for tariffs on countries that dont exist, and the official documentation called for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers which is further nonsense. Tariffs are a useful tool but not the way that Trump is currently acting. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 14 points 6 days ago These are leftist talking points. You are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs for decades and a key reason we elected him. You forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. And btw you leftist talking points aren't even correct, there wasn't a call to tariff countries that don't exist, it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands. And what the leftist media left out is that those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries and they export fish to us from those islands. https://www.ibtimes.com.au/why-are-us-tariffs-targeting-australias-remote-heard-mcdonald-islands-1857568 permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago ou are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs What Trump has actually done with tariffs has gone against what Trump has said about tariffs. ou forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. What Trump is doing is making it impossible to do that due to great uncertainty from Trump's incoherent messaging and policy. What it is actually doing is making people sit on cash until there is coherent policy. it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands Labeling them as a country. those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries So what? Calling for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers is nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Right now it seems the hot button issue with the tariffs he is applying is that they are supposed to be used to address an emergency issue - since Trump has been CONSTANTLY stating they are for revenue generation the courts are seeing it as a tax; which he does not have the power to apply. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 14 points 6 days ago These are leftist talking points. You are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs for decades and a key reason we elected him. You forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. And btw you leftist talking points aren't even correct, there wasn't a call to tariff countries that don't exist, it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands. And what the leftist media left out is that those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries and they export fish to us from those islands. https://www.ibtimes.com.au/why-are-us-tariffs-targeting-australias-remote-heard-mcdonald-islands-1857568 permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago ou are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs What Trump has actually done with tariffs has gone against what Trump has said about tariffs. ou forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. What Trump is doing is making it impossible to do that due to great uncertainty from Trump's incoherent messaging and policy. What it is actually doing is making people sit on cash until there is coherent policy. it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands Labeling them as a country. those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries So what? Calling for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers is nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago ou are literally going against what Trump has said he would do about tariffs What Trump has actually done with tariffs has gone against what Trump has said about tariffs. ou forgot about the nationalism or MAGA part of the equation, bringing jobs and industries back to America, in your leftist post. What Trump is doing is making it impossible to do that due to great uncertainty from Trump's incoherent messaging and policy. What it is actually doing is making people sit on cash until there is coherent policy. it was a call to tariff uninhabited islands Labeling them as a country. those uninhabited Islands are used by Australian fisheries So what? Calling for tariffs based on trade deficits rather than actual trade barriers is nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
Klaus73 3 points 6 days ago Right now it seems the hot button issue with the tariffs he is applying is that they are supposed to be used to address an emergency issue - since Trump has been CONSTANTLY stating they are for revenue generation the courts are seeing it as a tax; which he does not have the power to apply. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
StoneRealist 19 points 6 days ago So you want the world to continue fucking us over? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -14 points 6 days ago You are a communist, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 7 points 6 days ago nah, more like projection from a turbo faggot like yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -14 points 6 days ago You are a communist, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 7 points 6 days ago nah, more like projection from a turbo faggot like yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 7 points 6 days ago nah, more like projection from a turbo faggot like yourself. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 14 points 6 days ago He is and always will be surrounded by criminals trying to derail his agenda. He knows this. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 7 points 6 days ago He knew better after his first term. I learned to not trust people after what I went through. Trump hasnt learned that yet. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago Susie Wiles is 100x worse for MAGA than any other cabinet pick. She has gatekept any populist from Trump and surrounded him with Neocons and Bush-ites. It's sad and so many here on this forum just clapping seals permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 7 points 6 days ago He knew better after his first term. I learned to not trust people after what I went through. Trump hasnt learned that yet. permalink parent award report block reply Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago Susie Wiles is 100x worse for MAGA than any other cabinet pick. She has gatekept any populist from Trump and surrounded him with Neocons and Bush-ites. It's sad and so many here on this forum just clapping seals permalink parent award report block reply
Obliv1 1 points 6 days ago Susie Wiles is 100x worse for MAGA than any other cabinet pick. She has gatekept any populist from Trump and surrounded him with Neocons and Bush-ites. It's sad and so many here on this forum just clapping seals permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 3 points 6 days ago RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution gives POTUS power over tariff policy. You have obviously never read the constitution because the US Constitution gives that power to congress. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Apparently all the constitutional scholars on here know more then...well every judge including from the looks of it SCOTUS. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution gives POTUS power over tariff policy. You have obviously never read the constitution because the US Constitution gives that power to congress. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Apparently all the constitutional scholars on here know more then...well every judge including from the looks of it SCOTUS. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 6 days ago Apparently all the constitutional scholars on here know more then...well every judge including from the looks of it SCOTUS. permalink parent award report block reply
Stanwyk74 48 points 6 days ago Scalia was murdered permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 11 points 6 days ago …and his “friends” didn’t give a shit about it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 6 days ago A guy in a robe vs the most powerful evil people in the world. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins -1 points 6 days ago maybe he shouldn't have been blackmailable by going to gay sex orgy retreats. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 11 points 6 days ago …and his “friends” didn’t give a shit about it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 6 days ago A guy in a robe vs the most powerful evil people in the world. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 6 days ago A guy in a robe vs the most powerful evil people in the world. permalink parent award report block reply
lolpaladins -1 points 6 days ago maybe he shouldn't have been blackmailable by going to gay sex orgy retreats. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 29 points 6 days ago The courts need to give President Trump deference in conducting foreign policy permalink award report block reply Decepticons-superior 27 points 6 days ago I’m old enough to remember how the Supreme Court let Obamacare stand because that was his “signature” policy and you don’t take that away from a president. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 18 points 6 days ago I still remember "it's a penalty and not a tax, so it's not legal, but if it were a tax, we'd rule it legal, so we'll call it a tax even though you said it wasn't, so that it can be ruled legal". Thanks, Roberts. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago I also remember how Trump couldn't remove an Obama EO that legalized a bunch of foreign illegals because it was mean permalink parent award report block reply ShitAss 1 points 5 days ago They probably wouldn’t have if it was just an EO permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 6 days ago How 'bout they just follow the Constitution? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 5 points 6 days ago Tell that to the judiciary. We’ve seen a plethora of lawless injunctions against the administration regarding federal layoffs, immigration enforcement, deportation, federal spending, tariffs, etc. If anyone’s acting lawlessly, it’s the courts. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution actually gives authority over tariffs to Congress. Shouldn't require any Judge to get involved in this or immigration policy, which would include deportation. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are the one who has not read the constitution as you would know that the power to place such a tariff is under Article 1 Section 8 not Article 2. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago It’s not like Trump is creating tariffs out of thin air. He is using a law, created by Congress, delegating some tariff authority to the president to implement them. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 6 days ago Intelligible Principle is apparently a issue with that; furthermore the power he is using is not its intention as its not meant to be a revenue generation tool. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago And that law requires the tariffs to meet certain criteria. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago If the president can bomb a foreign country without Congressional approval, the president can impose tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 1 points 6 days ago He just needs to do it the right way. Tariffs to protect American manufacturing. Countering other countries tariffs, VAT etc needs to be done with sanctions. permalink parent award report block reply evilplushie 0 points 6 days ago No, that's just dumb permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Yes but his WH legal council are globalist democrats who want him to LOSE the tariffs case. All his talking points are wrong. He has not focused on the foreign policy aspect and was told it was helping bring in money, which is the worst thing to say permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments...
Decepticons-superior 27 points 6 days ago I’m old enough to remember how the Supreme Court let Obamacare stand because that was his “signature” policy and you don’t take that away from a president. permalink parent award report block reply yuge_covfefe 18 points 6 days ago I still remember "it's a penalty and not a tax, so it's not legal, but if it were a tax, we'd rule it legal, so we'll call it a tax even though you said it wasn't, so that it can be ruled legal". Thanks, Roberts. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago I also remember how Trump couldn't remove an Obama EO that legalized a bunch of foreign illegals because it was mean permalink parent award report block reply ShitAss 1 points 5 days ago They probably wouldn’t have if it was just an EO permalink parent award report block reply
yuge_covfefe 18 points 6 days ago I still remember "it's a penalty and not a tax, so it's not legal, but if it were a tax, we'd rule it legal, so we'll call it a tax even though you said it wasn't, so that it can be ruled legal". Thanks, Roberts. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago I also remember how Trump couldn't remove an Obama EO that legalized a bunch of foreign illegals because it was mean permalink parent award report block reply
ShitAss 1 points 5 days ago They probably wouldn’t have if it was just an EO permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 6 days ago How 'bout they just follow the Constitution? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 5 points 6 days ago Tell that to the judiciary. We’ve seen a plethora of lawless injunctions against the administration regarding federal layoffs, immigration enforcement, deportation, federal spending, tariffs, etc. If anyone’s acting lawlessly, it’s the courts. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution actually gives authority over tariffs to Congress. Shouldn't require any Judge to get involved in this or immigration policy, which would include deportation. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are the one who has not read the constitution as you would know that the power to place such a tariff is under Article 1 Section 8 not Article 2. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago It’s not like Trump is creating tariffs out of thin air. He is using a law, created by Congress, delegating some tariff authority to the president to implement them. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 6 days ago Intelligible Principle is apparently a issue with that; furthermore the power he is using is not its intention as its not meant to be a revenue generation tool. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago And that law requires the tariffs to meet certain criteria. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 5 points 6 days ago Tell that to the judiciary. We’ve seen a plethora of lawless injunctions against the administration regarding federal layoffs, immigration enforcement, deportation, federal spending, tariffs, etc. If anyone’s acting lawlessly, it’s the courts. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution actually gives authority over tariffs to Congress. Shouldn't require any Judge to get involved in this or immigration policy, which would include deportation. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 6 days ago The US Constitution actually gives authority over tariffs to Congress. Shouldn't require any Judge to get involved in this or immigration policy, which would include deportation. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are the one who has not read the constitution as you would know that the power to place such a tariff is under Article 1 Section 8 not Article 2. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago It’s not like Trump is creating tariffs out of thin air. He is using a law, created by Congress, delegating some tariff authority to the president to implement them. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 6 days ago Intelligible Principle is apparently a issue with that; furthermore the power he is using is not its intention as its not meant to be a revenue generation tool. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago And that law requires the tariffs to meet certain criteria. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago It’s not like Trump is creating tariffs out of thin air. He is using a law, created by Congress, delegating some tariff authority to the president to implement them. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 6 days ago Intelligible Principle is apparently a issue with that; furthermore the power he is using is not its intention as its not meant to be a revenue generation tool. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago And that law requires the tariffs to meet certain criteria. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 6 days ago Intelligible Principle is apparently a issue with that; furthermore the power he is using is not its intention as its not meant to be a revenue generation tool. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago And that law requires the tariffs to meet certain criteria. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago If the president can bomb a foreign country without Congressional approval, the president can impose tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
CruzControl 1 points 6 days ago He just needs to do it the right way. Tariffs to protect American manufacturing. Countering other countries tariffs, VAT etc needs to be done with sanctions. permalink parent award report block reply evilplushie 0 points 6 days ago No, that's just dumb permalink parent award report block reply
evilplushie 0 points 6 days ago No, that's just dumb permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Yes but his WH legal council are globalist democrats who want him to LOSE the tariffs case. All his talking points are wrong. He has not focused on the foreign policy aspect and was told it was helping bring in money, which is the worst thing to say permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 25 points 6 days ago John Roberts is gonna cuck us again for his Chy-na handlers. permalink award report block reply Tryhardneckbeard 16 points 6 days ago Haven't heard anything about Roberts, mainly because Kavanaugh and Barrett are already sounding like they are ready to nuke it themselves. Jackson managed to embarrass herself again in spectacular fashion tho. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 6 days ago No question. I think Barrett and Gorsuch will too. The corporations have spoken. permalink parent award report block reply
Tryhardneckbeard 16 points 6 days ago Haven't heard anything about Roberts, mainly because Kavanaugh and Barrett are already sounding like they are ready to nuke it themselves. Jackson managed to embarrass herself again in spectacular fashion tho. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 4 points 6 days ago No question. I think Barrett and Gorsuch will too. The corporations have spoken. permalink parent award report block reply
terribletwos 16 points 6 days ago The problem that Trump's making is that he needed to push reindustrialization and production of goods in the US beyond anything anyone has ever seen. And I don't mean making deals that someone will stop in 5 years. I mean he should have made some Eisenhower type push to build out the US. If you want tariffs on foreign goods, then you need to enable people to make goods here in the US to counter balance that. permalink award report block reply lixa 4 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. He'd have to bar the imports permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. Why not if we sell it cheaper? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 0 points 6 days ago We won't be able to do that because we can't do volume like China because US companies generally cannot sell in China. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago US Companies sell in China without issue permalink parent award report block reply view 15 more comments... Txiribiton 3 points 5 days ago Exactly, but there was no plan, he put tariffs everywhere to get money like another tax, and did it in the most unprofessional way going up and down and posting in social media like he was selling fruit in a third world market. At best he got some investment propositions that we don't know if they will be real, but a japanese car company investing in one or two fabs in the US is not helping the american car industry and companies, it is also creating another foreign dependency. Also what's the point of fabs if illegals are not deported and H1Bs are not stopped? Only cheap foreigners will be hired. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The issue is that most manufacturing tooling is produced in Asia and people dont know if they are going to be facing a 3 million dollar tax bill to bring over 10 million in capital goods from Asian markets to the USA to start up American based manufacturing. Trump's bullshit about Tariffs is such incoherent nonsense that it is actively obstructing the creation of American manufacturing. permalink parent award report block reply dttump 1 points 5 days ago get this doomer out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 4 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. He'd have to bar the imports permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. Why not if we sell it cheaper? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 0 points 6 days ago We won't be able to do that because we can't do volume like China because US companies generally cannot sell in China. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago US Companies sell in China without issue permalink parent award report block reply view 15 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago He is but if people can buy it for five cents they won't make it here. Why not if we sell it cheaper? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 0 points 6 days ago We won't be able to do that because we can't do volume like China because US companies generally cannot sell in China. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago US Companies sell in China without issue permalink parent award report block reply view 15 more comments...
sordfysh PRO 0 points 6 days ago We won't be able to do that because we can't do volume like China because US companies generally cannot sell in China. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago US Companies sell in China without issue permalink parent award report block reply view 15 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago US Companies sell in China without issue permalink parent award report block reply view 15 more comments...
Txiribiton 3 points 5 days ago Exactly, but there was no plan, he put tariffs everywhere to get money like another tax, and did it in the most unprofessional way going up and down and posting in social media like he was selling fruit in a third world market. At best he got some investment propositions that we don't know if they will be real, but a japanese car company investing in one or two fabs in the US is not helping the american car industry and companies, it is also creating another foreign dependency. Also what's the point of fabs if illegals are not deported and H1Bs are not stopped? Only cheap foreigners will be hired. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago The issue is that most manufacturing tooling is produced in Asia and people dont know if they are going to be facing a 3 million dollar tax bill to bring over 10 million in capital goods from Asian markets to the USA to start up American based manufacturing. Trump's bullshit about Tariffs is such incoherent nonsense that it is actively obstructing the creation of American manufacturing. permalink parent award report block reply dttump 1 points 5 days ago get this doomer out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
dttump 1 points 5 days ago get this doomer out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 16 points 6 days ago Tariffs seem to be saving America. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago And that's why the machine is going after it permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 6 days ago How exactly? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 6 days ago 200 billion in tariff revenue collected so far.  Tapped during the shut down for WIC, and soon 50% SNAP. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 6 days ago I had a theory in mind, others probably thought of it too, that the tariffs were implemented with the sole purpose of covering the cost of money being given to other countries like Israel, Ukraine and Argentina. 200 billion sounds like a lot but it sure goes quick the way spending goes in this country unfortunately. Shutting down just a few of our unnecessary foreign military and spook bases abroad would save billions and billions annually. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 6 points 6 days ago And that's why the machine is going after it permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 6 days ago How exactly? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 6 days ago 200 billion in tariff revenue collected so far.  Tapped during the shut down for WIC, and soon 50% SNAP. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 6 days ago I had a theory in mind, others probably thought of it too, that the tariffs were implemented with the sole purpose of covering the cost of money being given to other countries like Israel, Ukraine and Argentina. 200 billion sounds like a lot but it sure goes quick the way spending goes in this country unfortunately. Shutting down just a few of our unnecessary foreign military and spook bases abroad would save billions and billions annually. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 6 days ago 200 billion in tariff revenue collected so far.  Tapped during the shut down for WIC, and soon 50% SNAP. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 6 days ago I had a theory in mind, others probably thought of it too, that the tariffs were implemented with the sole purpose of covering the cost of money being given to other countries like Israel, Ukraine and Argentina. 200 billion sounds like a lot but it sure goes quick the way spending goes in this country unfortunately. Shutting down just a few of our unnecessary foreign military and spook bases abroad would save billions and billions annually. permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 6 days ago I had a theory in mind, others probably thought of it too, that the tariffs were implemented with the sole purpose of covering the cost of money being given to other countries like Israel, Ukraine and Argentina. 200 billion sounds like a lot but it sure goes quick the way spending goes in this country unfortunately. Shutting down just a few of our unnecessary foreign military and spook bases abroad would save billions and billions annually. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 14 points 6 days ago It's not just "foreign interests", it's domestic ones too. Tons of major corporations stand to lose a lot of money if SCOTUS lets the tariffs stand. They benefit from cheaper imports of goods. I think we need to prepare for an L on this one. The money is talking a lot louder than we ever could. permalink award report block reply MrHarryReems 15 points 6 days ago Cheaper imports of both goods and labor.  They strip mined the U.S. and sold off the pieces.  Our government took lobby money to help them do it.  They'd like to make sure they can finish the job. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago People accept the lowest bidder not the highest bidder. You always need to produce goods at the lowest price, end of story. Stop trying to rent seek some magic dirt and go make some real value. The USA has no problem making great money while being the lowest bidder. For instance I have a friend that is a mining engineer out in Wyoming making 220k. Coal price per ton is $14. Its $111 USD per ton in China.  Once you actually produce real value such as trying to get tens of millions of tons of coal out of the ground and turned into electricity, you make good money. Same goes for any other kind of mining or manufacturing. You need to produce real value and then you have the results of real value. You cant just rent seek. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 3 points 6 days ago Lowest bidder leads directly to lowest quality. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 6 days ago Nope. Completely wrong if talking about a commodity, and if it is not a commodity you just need to ensure proper quality engineering with your estimate for total cost + vetting your vendors. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments... Ritchie_Blackadder 7 points 6 days ago Dual citizen interests permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Trump lost on tariffs when he started screeching them bordering as a joke rather than it being clear and decisive actions with clear justifications. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
MrHarryReems 15 points 6 days ago Cheaper imports of both goods and labor.  They strip mined the U.S. and sold off the pieces.  Our government took lobby money to help them do it.  They'd like to make sure they can finish the job. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago People accept the lowest bidder not the highest bidder. You always need to produce goods at the lowest price, end of story. Stop trying to rent seek some magic dirt and go make some real value. The USA has no problem making great money while being the lowest bidder. For instance I have a friend that is a mining engineer out in Wyoming making 220k. Coal price per ton is $14. Its $111 USD per ton in China.  Once you actually produce real value such as trying to get tens of millions of tons of coal out of the ground and turned into electricity, you make good money. Same goes for any other kind of mining or manufacturing. You need to produce real value and then you have the results of real value. You cant just rent seek. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 3 points 6 days ago Lowest bidder leads directly to lowest quality. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 6 days ago Nope. Completely wrong if talking about a commodity, and if it is not a commodity you just need to ensure proper quality engineering with your estimate for total cost + vetting your vendors. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago People accept the lowest bidder not the highest bidder. You always need to produce goods at the lowest price, end of story. Stop trying to rent seek some magic dirt and go make some real value. The USA has no problem making great money while being the lowest bidder. For instance I have a friend that is a mining engineer out in Wyoming making 220k. Coal price per ton is $14. Its $111 USD per ton in China.  Once you actually produce real value such as trying to get tens of millions of tons of coal out of the ground and turned into electricity, you make good money. Same goes for any other kind of mining or manufacturing. You need to produce real value and then you have the results of real value. You cant just rent seek. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 3 points 6 days ago Lowest bidder leads directly to lowest quality. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 6 days ago Nope. Completely wrong if talking about a commodity, and if it is not a commodity you just need to ensure proper quality engineering with your estimate for total cost + vetting your vendors. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
MrHarryReems 3 points 6 days ago Lowest bidder leads directly to lowest quality. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 6 days ago Nope. Completely wrong if talking about a commodity, and if it is not a commodity you just need to ensure proper quality engineering with your estimate for total cost + vetting your vendors. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState -1 points 6 days ago Nope. Completely wrong if talking about a commodity, and if it is not a commodity you just need to ensure proper quality engineering with your estimate for total cost + vetting your vendors. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
Ritchie_Blackadder 7 points 6 days ago Dual citizen interests permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -9 points 6 days ago Trump lost on tariffs when he started screeching them bordering as a joke rather than it being clear and decisive actions with clear justifications. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
mailinvoter 11 points 6 days ago I'm starting to think there's more than just redditards here pushing their anti-Trump bullshit.  Must be foreigners also because calling some of them retards doesn't make them REEEEE!!! and give up. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 6 days ago Yeah I'm not sure when this little site went on the radar but there's a lot of TDS shills in here permalink parent award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot 2 points 5 days ago Iranian trolls who now make up the movement called groypers. They pretend to be white Nationalists/america first and the only thing they do in every topic is attack Trump for being an ally of Israel permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 7 points 6 days ago Yeah I'm not sure when this little site went on the radar but there's a lot of TDS shills in here permalink parent award report block reply
Pongpagongbatibot 2 points 5 days ago Iranian trolls who now make up the movement called groypers. They pretend to be white Nationalists/america first and the only thing they do in every topic is attack Trump for being an ally of Israel permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 8 points 6 days ago Yep.  The problem is Democrats like to pretend that being robbed blind by other countries is the same as being respected on the global stage.  Democrats are so materialistic and so fixated on money, they don't understand the greatest respect is self respect and within a nation, it's respecting your own people enough to not allow them to get ripped off. permalink award report block reply lixa 9 points 6 days ago It's all theater. They don't care about respect. They work for Satan permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 5 points 6 days ago Their leaders and donors definitely do.  I think most Democrat voters though just got programmed by TheNews™ and never challenged a single left wing assumption in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 4 points 6 days ago Yes of course permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 9 points 6 days ago It's all theater. They don't care about respect. They work for Satan permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 5 points 6 days ago Their leaders and donors definitely do.  I think most Democrat voters though just got programmed by TheNews™ and never challenged a single left wing assumption in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 4 points 6 days ago Yes of course permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 5 points 6 days ago Their leaders and donors definitely do.  I think most Democrat voters though just got programmed by TheNews™ and never challenged a single left wing assumption in their lives. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 4 points 6 days ago Yes of course permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 4 points 6 days ago Yes of course permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 6 points 6 days ago If the tarriffs go, sink the ships . permalink award report block reply yuge_covfefe 2 points 6 days ago Lol that'd make it a foreign policy all right permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so  that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? -- YoureNotReally QED. You're BRILLIANT. EDIT: Seriously, you're argument is But Mah Foreign Slave Labor . Fuck you, and your entire intellectual lineage, asshat. permalink parent award report block reply
yuge_covfefe 2 points 6 days ago Lol that'd make it a foreign policy all right permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so  that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? -- YoureNotReally QED. You're BRILLIANT. EDIT: Seriously, you're argument is But Mah Foreign Slave Labor . Fuck you, and your entire intellectual lineage, asshat. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 5 points 6 days ago So send you to a gulag? Make it so that you must work in manufacturing, at gunpoint, and you cannot leave? -- YoureNotReally QED. You're BRILLIANT. EDIT: Seriously, you're argument is But Mah Foreign Slave Labor . Fuck you, and your entire intellectual lineage, asshat. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 6 points 6 days ago He said countries. Not interests. Faggot ALLCAPS’d a lie. permalink award report block reply heightnoise 12 points 6 days ago The post says he was quoted as saying "countries." Foreign governments' interests are foreign interests. All foreign countries have interests. To other countries that deal with us, the US itself has a "foreign interest" in them. No lies detected. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 6 days ago dual citizens have left the chat permalink parent award report block reply heightnoise 6 points 6 days ago Good. And if any one of them have more loyalty in their hearts to that foreign country than this one, I hope that they go deepthroat a rusty chainsaw and NEVER dare return back. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai -1 points 6 days ago got eem permalink parent award report block reply
heightnoise 12 points 6 days ago The post says he was quoted as saying "countries." Foreign governments' interests are foreign interests. All foreign countries have interests. To other countries that deal with us, the US itself has a "foreign interest" in them. No lies detected. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 6 days ago dual citizens have left the chat permalink parent award report block reply heightnoise 6 points 6 days ago Good. And if any one of them have more loyalty in their hearts to that foreign country than this one, I hope that they go deepthroat a rusty chainsaw and NEVER dare return back. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 3 points 6 days ago dual citizens have left the chat permalink parent award report block reply heightnoise 6 points 6 days ago Good. And if any one of them have more loyalty in their hearts to that foreign country than this one, I hope that they go deepthroat a rusty chainsaw and NEVER dare return back. permalink parent award report block reply
heightnoise 6 points 6 days ago Good. And if any one of them have more loyalty in their hearts to that foreign country than this one, I hope that they go deepthroat a rusty chainsaw and NEVER dare return back. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai -1 points 6 days ago got eem permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 5 points 6 days ago We should look into hiring an AG who could prosecute these corrupt judges that are allowing foreign interests to exploit our corrupt court systems. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 5 points 6 days ago Can you name them? permalink award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 6 points 6 days ago China, Russia, India, Brazil, Canada, Britain. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 6 days ago Thank you Mr. President permalink parent award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 6 points 6 days ago China, Russia, India, Brazil, Canada, Britain. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 6 days ago Thank you Mr. President permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 3 points 6 days ago Thank you Mr. President permalink parent award report block reply
Gregorina 3 points 6 days ago If the SC rules against trump, maybe he’ll actually fire a ton of federal workers. permalink award report block reply
Scatter-Shot 3 points 6 days ago No kidding. Doug Ford's ad is an example. permalink award report block reply
rextexMG 3 points 6 days ago not happy about his tone, what does he know that we don't?  sounds like it's iffy at scotus. permalink award report block reply mailinvoter 4 points 6 days ago You don't know about ACB and Kavanaugh? permalink parent award report block reply rextexMG 2 points 6 days ago They suck but what else? permalink parent award report block reply
mailinvoter 4 points 6 days ago You don't know about ACB and Kavanaugh? permalink parent award report block reply rextexMG 2 points 6 days ago They suck but what else? permalink parent award report block reply
rextexMG 2 points 6 days ago They suck but what else? permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 3 points 6 days ago This administration is completely ineffective on everything. And before you say he’s doing great on the border, I want people already in here illegally back OUT. permalink award report block reply stayfckingcalm 2 points 6 days ago He's running the biggest deportation program in history. That takes time, there are really a lot of illegals...
He's not even finished with his first year. permalink parent award report block reply
stayfckingcalm 2 points 6 days ago He's running the biggest deportation program in history. That takes time, there are really a lot of illegals...
He's not even finished with his first year. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 2 points 6 days ago Sit down, Canada. permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 2 points 6 days ago Roberts going to side with the left permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 2 points 6 days ago the issue is with this country, not a foreign country. if any country allows itself to be influenced or controlled by a foreign country to the extent that the foreign country can get it to lose in its own courts, it isn't a real country and deserves what it gets. if the USA is a "superpower" then this can't happen without insiders wanting it to happen. permalink award report block reply
Schroeder09 2 points 6 days ago THE INTERNATIONAL CLIQUE permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 2 points 6 days ago Canada permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 6 days ago It's China. China really doesn't want the tariffs, so it can dump all their crap products on you. Mamdani was also caused by China. Everyone thinks it's Soros but it's actually more of Singham, who lives in Shanghai. Because Singham's name is less famous than Soros, he flies under the radar. Singham is also affiliated to CodePink, look it up. permalink award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 2 points 6 days ago Didn't one of trumps guys just come out though saying everything's looking good. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Aye meanwhile Bissent has been investing in companies tied to tariff refunds... permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Aye meanwhile Bissent has been investing in companies tied to tariff refunds... permalink parent award report block reply
Kiwipede22 2 points 6 days ago Well then impose an import admin fee that is the equivalent that applies to every single item coming in. permalink award report block reply
cardinaldrones 1 points 6 days ago The tariffs have made things more expensive for my business but the funny part is that I just raised my prices to compensate and it’s actually sped up! So  turns out I’m actually making slightly more now.  And it’s knocked out competitors at that permalink award report block reply
SoHappyNow4Me 1 points 6 days ago Please God, help us and protect us. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 1 points 6 days ago I agree with him and if SCOTUS rules against him it will cause more harm to the economy. permalink award report block reply
EdBuck 1 points 6 days ago I'm not seeing this is going the way we want it to alas Trump is not a king permalink award report block reply
Lurker6 1 points 6 days ago They've set the precedent that foreign interests are good enough to wiretap the entire democratic party. permalink award report block reply
sully 1 points 6 days ago The longer politicians refuse to name-drop Israel the more they become spineless pussies. permalink award report block reply
cptkloss5 1 points 6 days ago what "tariff case" is there a case at WTO right now? what is it?? permalink award report block reply TheAttackTitan 4 points 6 days ago SCOTUS is looking at a democrat court case that’ll decide whether Trump can use tariffs as foreign policy negotiations permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Next perhaps they'll work to remove any trade deals that Trump used to garner peace between countries that have been at war for decades. permalink parent award report block reply
TheAttackTitan 4 points 6 days ago SCOTUS is looking at a democrat court case that’ll decide whether Trump can use tariffs as foreign policy negotiations permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Next perhaps they'll work to remove any trade deals that Trump used to garner peace between countries that have been at war for decades. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 3 points 6 days ago Next perhaps they'll work to remove any trade deals that Trump used to garner peace between countries that have been at war for decades. permalink parent award report block reply
CruzControl 1 points 6 days ago Trump needs to only use tariffs as tariffs. The punitive measures he's inflicting needs to be done through sanctions through the treasury.  He's making a mockery out of McKinley's fiscal policy (I love tariffs and want to be a permanent thing going forward). permalink award report block reply
The_RedWolf 1 points 6 days ago I'd be more surprised if they weren't trying to interfere. America does it to other countries, so of course they're going to try to do it to us. We just cant let them succeed. permalink award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 1 points 6 days ago Be a good time to i dont know actually stop listening to a kritarchy. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 1 points 6 days ago While the legal types literally are arguing back and forth about the meanings of words - One issue was agreed to by both sides with no doubts what so ever = a President CAN BAN ITEMS ENTIRELY FROM IMPORT... At will. permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 1 points 6 days ago The only problem with Tariffs in today's world is it will take at least 5-10 years of sustained tariffs to get companies to move back to the US. In the meantime, consumers eat the increased cost. Most people aren't willing to abide by that for that much time when they are already living paycheck to paycheck, as 69% of Americans are. Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just stating reality. permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago That is incorrect a few companies have already pulled back manufacturing in Canada to move back to the US. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Well yeah; our economy isn't doing swell so no ones buying the products - see Stelantis as a great example. Companies have no national loyalty - nor should they expect to if your supporting a free-market. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 1 points 6 days ago That is incorrect a few companies have already pulled back manufacturing in Canada to move back to the US. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Well yeah; our economy isn't doing swell so no ones buying the products - see Stelantis as a great example. Companies have no national loyalty - nor should they expect to if your supporting a free-market. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 0 points 6 days ago Well yeah; our economy isn't doing swell so no ones buying the products - see Stelantis as a great example. Companies have no national loyalty - nor should they expect to if your supporting a free-market. permalink parent award report block reply
LLegendary 1 points 6 days ago Sounds like a national security issue to me..... permalink award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 6 days ago it was the use of tariffs as a form of sanctions that puts the case on bad footing. So now it could be that tariff policy is jeopardized in service of prolonging wars that should have been ended already. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 6 days ago Not just foreign... permalink award report block reply
fjobb 1 points 6 days ago Ya other countries want what’s best for them, fucking news. Why would your judiciary care at all about that? Seems that’s where the problem is if there is one, not the other countries. USA has no problem manipulating everyone else for their interests, I don’t see why they shouldn’t try it back. Don’t let them and if they successfully manage to it’s because your country is divided. permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 1 points 6 days ago Hopefully he takes AIPAC as seriously as this...j/k we know he won't. permalink award report block reply
UsernameChexOut 1 points 6 days ago He's ones step away from coming full circle and blaming Russia for it permalink award report block reply
RedCalifornia 1 points 6 days ago But not that one permalink award report block reply
CaliBlonde 1 points 6 days ago If the Supreme Court does not allow the tariffs, what do you think will happen with the stock market? permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 6 days ago Say Israel Trump its ok permalink award report block reply
Diana -2 points 6 days ago The guy who argued in favor of the tariffs did a poor job. He was not able to push back on the idiotic claims of Roberts that it was a tax on Americans, which it is not. He was not prepared to argue an obvious point--which is the less flexible party bears the tariff burden--i.e, the foreign manufactufer who is seeking access to the American consumer has few to no alternatives to that market whereas the American consumer has in most cases multiple options. Therefore, the foreign entity bears the cost in most cases. And that does not even count the need for reduced taxes on Americans since it is a direct contribution to the U.S. Treasury. Duh. permalink award report block reply
ParmesanCartel -11 points 6 days ago Trump is taking advantage of your critical thinking ability permalink award report block reply
TheDarkEmperor 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
myturningpoint 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply