901 If President Trump can be impeached and indicted for the fake Russian collusion story, then Barack Obama should go to prison for creating it TRUMP  TRUTH posted 21 hours ago by CatalystForChange 27 comments award share download report block
27 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Stormeyworld13 15 points 20 hours ago Exactly! Lock him up! Limp Wrist Obama and everyone who worked for his illegitimate administration should be in prison. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 13 points 18 hours ago Too bad he gave the US AG to Blondie and won't fucking fire her!! permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 10 points 18 hours ago It’s a ploy to pin the CIA crimes on an immune Obama permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 6 points 17 hours ago Yeah. Realistically the DOJ should just go after everybody, but Obama. Take away all his pawns. Leave him flapping in the wind. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago What zero did was not an official act. permalink parent award report block reply impera 12 points 20 hours ago The only difference between him and Jussie Smollett is the scale of the crime they planned and carried out. Both targeted Trump and were attempts to fuck with elections. permalink award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 8 points 17 hours ago Obama should be in prison many times over. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 9 hours ago Shouldn't have even been allowed to run for president in the first place permalink parent award report block reply CatalystForChange OP 5 points 21 hours ago Trump Truth: https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/115531012698360167 permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 5 points 18 hours ago Obama should be in prison for killing American citizen with that drone strike. But his DOJ said it was legal The drone strike that killed U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki was conducted under the authority of the President as Commander-in-Chief and was deemed lawful by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) at the time, not a crime for which a former president can be prosecuted. permalink award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago His legalization, and use of propaganda has ruined,  maimed, and killed millions of Americans. How many more succumbed to his other policies? permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 5 hours ago His DOJ protected him at every turn, Trumps DOJ seems to suck, They keep taking away power permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago I don't get why the department of juice exists at this point. permalink parent award report block reply Ryker 4 points 19 hours ago You spelled ‘hung’ wrong m8 permalink award report block reply savman 2 points 5 hours ago Only Trump can tweet about "should" when he ultimately controls the DOJ.   He should stop moving his mouth and start moving his DOJ.  FFS. ENOUGH TALK! permalink award report block reply JP1776Lover 2 points 13 hours ago Noose permalink award report block reply weltallic 2 points 16 hours ago "Sorry; I want a career after this." - Pam Bondi permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 11 hours ago I think that could explain Matt Gaetz not being in this position.  He considered his future prospects if he had come into the DA position and tried to perform as expected. And if he didn't live up to his brand. permalink parent award report block reply TwoWrongsMakeALeft 2 points 11 hours ago "Now, if if if if if if I were to go to prison, I'd be a terrible prison bitch.  After being with Big Mike so long, my backside is just wore out.  It'd be like throwing a sausage down a hallway.  Like a blown out punching balloon..." permalink award report block reply Throwingway22 2 points 10 hours ago If Trump is going to keep pushing 600k Chinese to prop up the left-wing sinecure system, and H1Bs to take American jobs and suppress American wages, then the Dems will take back the house in 2026 and his base isn't going to be doing much to stop them from impeaching him and throwing him in jail. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 18 hours ago Wake me when you put in an AG with BALLS that would actually do just that! Otherwise STFU and quit stringing us along.. We see right through it. permalink award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Darkpoisonousshaddow 1 points 10 hours ago I'll bet he doesn't go to prison. permalink award report block reply spezisacuckold 1 points 10 hours ago Well, it 100% will not happen with Bondi in the administration. permalink award report block reply Justjayce 1 points 9 hours ago 3 2 1 Nothing will be done. permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 1 points 19 hours ago Can someone just fix the economy/job situation? permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 11 hours ago Best we can do is a million more talented Indians on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 19 hours ago Prison ?? permalink award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 11 hours ago Fuck this guy. He feeds you red meat like this to distract you from what he isn't doing. Trump just said that we need H1B because Ameriacns aren't talented like fucking Indians. permalink award report block reply
Stormeyworld13 15 points 20 hours ago Exactly! Lock him up! Limp Wrist Obama and everyone who worked for his illegitimate administration should be in prison. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 13 points 18 hours ago Too bad he gave the US AG to Blondie and won't fucking fire her!! permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 10 points 18 hours ago It’s a ploy to pin the CIA crimes on an immune Obama permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 6 points 17 hours ago Yeah. Realistically the DOJ should just go after everybody, but Obama. Take away all his pawns. Leave him flapping in the wind. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago What zero did was not an official act. permalink parent award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 13 points 18 hours ago Too bad he gave the US AG to Blondie and won't fucking fire her!! permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 10 points 18 hours ago It’s a ploy to pin the CIA crimes on an immune Obama permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 6 points 17 hours ago Yeah. Realistically the DOJ should just go after everybody, but Obama. Take away all his pawns. Leave him flapping in the wind. permalink parent award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago What zero did was not an official act. permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 6 points 17 hours ago Yeah. Realistically the DOJ should just go after everybody, but Obama. Take away all his pawns. Leave him flapping in the wind. permalink parent award report block reply
spezisacuckold 2 points 10 hours ago What zero did was not an official act. permalink parent award report block reply
impera 12 points 20 hours ago The only difference between him and Jussie Smollett is the scale of the crime they planned and carried out. Both targeted Trump and were attempts to fuck with elections. permalink award report block reply
Pnw4gotpwd 8 points 17 hours ago Obama should be in prison many times over. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 9 hours ago Shouldn't have even been allowed to run for president in the first place permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 9 hours ago Shouldn't have even been allowed to run for president in the first place permalink parent award report block reply
CatalystForChange OP 5 points 21 hours ago Trump Truth: https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/115531012698360167 permalink award report block reply
mikethemarine 5 points 18 hours ago Obama should be in prison for killing American citizen with that drone strike. But his DOJ said it was legal The drone strike that killed U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki was conducted under the authority of the President as Commander-in-Chief and was deemed lawful by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) at the time, not a crime for which a former president can be prosecuted. permalink award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago His legalization, and use of propaganda has ruined,  maimed, and killed millions of Americans. How many more succumbed to his other policies? permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 5 hours ago His DOJ protected him at every turn, Trumps DOJ seems to suck, They keep taking away power permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago I don't get why the department of juice exists at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago His legalization, and use of propaganda has ruined,  maimed, and killed millions of Americans. How many more succumbed to his other policies? permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 5 hours ago His DOJ protected him at every turn, Trumps DOJ seems to suck, They keep taking away power permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago I don't get why the department of juice exists at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 1 points 5 hours ago His DOJ protected him at every turn, Trumps DOJ seems to suck, They keep taking away power permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago I don't get why the department of juice exists at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 1 points 5 hours ago I don't get why the department of juice exists at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
Ryker 4 points 19 hours ago You spelled ‘hung’ wrong m8 permalink award report block reply
savman 2 points 5 hours ago Only Trump can tweet about "should" when he ultimately controls the DOJ.   He should stop moving his mouth and start moving his DOJ.  FFS. ENOUGH TALK! permalink award report block reply
JP1776Lover 2 points 13 hours ago Noose permalink award report block reply
weltallic 2 points 16 hours ago "Sorry; I want a career after this." - Pam Bondi permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 11 hours ago I think that could explain Matt Gaetz not being in this position.  He considered his future prospects if he had come into the DA position and tried to perform as expected. And if he didn't live up to his brand. permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 1 points 11 hours ago I think that could explain Matt Gaetz not being in this position.  He considered his future prospects if he had come into the DA position and tried to perform as expected. And if he didn't live up to his brand. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoWrongsMakeALeft 2 points 11 hours ago "Now, if if if if if if I were to go to prison, I'd be a terrible prison bitch.  After being with Big Mike so long, my backside is just wore out.  It'd be like throwing a sausage down a hallway.  Like a blown out punching balloon..." permalink award report block reply
Throwingway22 2 points 10 hours ago If Trump is going to keep pushing 600k Chinese to prop up the left-wing sinecure system, and H1Bs to take American jobs and suppress American wages, then the Dems will take back the house in 2026 and his base isn't going to be doing much to stop them from impeaching him and throwing him in jail. permalink award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 18 hours ago Wake me when you put in an AG with BALLS that would actually do just that! Otherwise STFU and quit stringing us along.. We see right through it. permalink award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Darkpoisonousshaddow 1 points 10 hours ago I'll bet he doesn't go to prison. permalink award report block reply
spezisacuckold 1 points 10 hours ago Well, it 100% will not happen with Bondi in the administration. permalink award report block reply
Justjayce 1 points 9 hours ago 3 2 1 Nothing will be done. permalink award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 1 points 19 hours ago Can someone just fix the economy/job situation? permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 11 hours ago Best we can do is a million more talented Indians on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 11 hours ago Best we can do is a million more talented Indians on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 19 hours ago Prison ?? permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 11 hours ago Fuck this guy. He feeds you red meat like this to distract you from what he isn't doing. Trump just said that we need H1B because Ameriacns aren't talented like fucking Indians. permalink award report block reply