314 These guys win the internet... FOR...EV...ER!! 😃 YOU GUYS ARE GAY posted 1 day ago by SuperHonkey 11 comments award share report block Sassafrass84 @Sassafrass_84 • 2d Their bodies may be broken, but their soul is not. Humor goes a long way. 🤣
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget 0illuminated1 19 points 1 day ago The people I've met with down syndrome are way less retarded than the common man. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 11 points 1 day ago You are 100% correct. permalink parent award report block reply based_trekkie 6 points 1 day ago Many are far nicer too permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 12 points 1 day ago That is hilarious! permalink award report block reply OneTrickPony 10 points 1 day ago Saw this when it first came out and damned near pissed myself laughing. Stuff like this is PRICELESS ! ! ! permalink award report block reply elgordo 8 points 1 day ago THIS IS EPIC!!!!!!! permalink award report block reply Aambrick 7 points 1 day ago I will be honest that is definitely humor. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 7 points 1 day ago When I was a kid in the 1970's we had cable tv and there was channel 2, which was the cable company's super low budget public service channel.  I had it on one night and they were doing some kind of telethon, they bring out about 10 retarded young men who performed an absolutely amazing acapella version of the 'oonka shaka' song.  They all got on their spots on the stage and I was ready for something horrible and funny, but they nailed it and I was blown away. permalink award report block reply TEXinLA 6 points 1 day ago 😂😂😂 permalink award report block reply Ronaldus 6 points 1 day ago Haha! How have I never seen this before? Found it in color: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7g3xwzm_og permalink award report block reply pixiepepe 3 points 21 hours ago CHADS! permalink award report block reply
0illuminated1 19 points 1 day ago The people I've met with down syndrome are way less retarded than the common man. permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 11 points 1 day ago You are 100% correct. permalink parent award report block reply based_trekkie 6 points 1 day ago Many are far nicer too permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 11 points 1 day ago You are 100% correct. permalink parent award report block reply
based_trekkie 6 points 1 day ago Many are far nicer too permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 12 points 1 day ago That is hilarious! permalink award report block reply
OneTrickPony 10 points 1 day ago Saw this when it first came out and damned near pissed myself laughing. Stuff like this is PRICELESS ! ! ! permalink award report block reply
elgordo 8 points 1 day ago THIS IS EPIC!!!!!!! permalink award report block reply
Aambrick 7 points 1 day ago I will be honest that is definitely humor. permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 7 points 1 day ago When I was a kid in the 1970's we had cable tv and there was channel 2, which was the cable company's super low budget public service channel.  I had it on one night and they were doing some kind of telethon, they bring out about 10 retarded young men who performed an absolutely amazing acapella version of the 'oonka shaka' song.  They all got on their spots on the stage and I was ready for something horrible and funny, but they nailed it and I was blown away. permalink award report block reply
TEXinLA 6 points 1 day ago 😂😂😂 permalink award report block reply
Ronaldus 6 points 1 day ago Haha! How have I never seen this before? Found it in color: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7g3xwzm_og permalink award report block reply
pixiepepe 3 points 21 hours ago CHADS! permalink award report block reply