1674 Chris Wray had 13% of all FBI employees working on Jan 6 cases.

5,000 out of 38,000.

Hunting people down all over America that were just in DC on Jan 6th.

But he couldn’t identify the Pipe Bomber that lived and worked in DC? posted 3 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 70 comments award share download report block
70 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save FusionBlack 54 points 3 days ago Smug little shit. I am having questions about the new FBI director.  He should have made these names public. permalink award report block reply BlackPiIIedMAGA 27 points 3 days ago Once a gupta, always a gupta. He is a holdover from the last admin. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 8 points 3 days ago Pretty sure they fired Wray the day Trump was in, or he resigned on hearing he was getting canned. permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 6 points 3 days ago He resigned shortly after turbo fag Merrick Garfinkel resigned permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 4 points 3 days ago He's going to be let off permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 2 points 3 days ago Sadly I believe you are correct. It's a big club and has different rules for its members. Knocks the wind out of you . permalink parent award report block reply YearninNation 2 points 3 days ago Don't feel too bad about it; it is above all else, a really really really gay club. permalink parent award report block reply Payasyougo 1 points 3 days ago Also nobody ever talks about the government contractors that work at Deloitte, who worked hand in hand with the FBI to build a database of those on the capitol grounds that day. They made millions tracking down their fellow citizens. Many of which live comfortably in Northern VA. If you know anyone who works at Deloitte I would stop interacting with them. Thankfully several Deloitte contracts were terminated early this year by DOGE but something needs to be done about these contractors. permalink parent award report block reply greatpumpkin 27 points 3 days ago As I've said before, the FBI protects its own. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 10 points 3 days ago Deepstate* permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 18 points 3 days ago And didn’t lift a finger against the mobs that burned and looted cities all through 2020 and after. The mobs that stormed federal courthouses and set them on fire? Nope. The terrorists that literally murdered people in the streets INCLUDING cops? Nope. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 10 points 3 days ago And who left those pallets of bricks everywhere? permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Lifting a finger is harder when you are taking a knee. permalink parent award report block reply mailinvoter 15 points 3 days ago We all know it, but can we get a blonde turd that gave Epstein a free pass and a DEI panjeet to do anything about it? permalink award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 13 points 3 days ago I'm just happy that my side would never fight this hard. Phew! permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 11 points 3 days ago And they all still have badges. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 5 points 3 days ago Thought kash fired all the fbi assigned to j6 permalink parent award report block reply KneadThePeople 6 points 3 days ago My “special agent” is still actively employed in the same field office. permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 8 points 3 days ago Where is Hunter's laptop?  Does anyone know? permalink award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 2 points 3 days ago In the basement of the J. Edgar Hoover building next to Weiner's laptop. permalink parent award report block reply tellmywifehello 1 points 2 days ago And Wiener's laptop too permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 1 points 2 days ago i hope that is in a burn bag permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 7 points 3 days ago Yap, yap, yap, yap. Nothing is changing, let's be honest for once. permalink award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 6 points 3 days ago This all about rubbing shit in our faces. Anyone with an IQ above 80 knows nothing will ever be done about any of it. permalink award report block reply learntocode 4 points 3 days ago How can the federal government do something about what the federal government did using the same people to charge the people who committed the acts you want to charge them with? Mr. Bank Robber! Arrest yourself! The fuck are you expecting? There are very few numbers of federal agents spread across the government capable of even running a harrassment and suppression campaign like the one used against us after J6. You think we have some secret stable of administrative savants? No, ours have been born and raised to do this to us and there is no counter-elite. Sorry. permalink parent award report block reply callaway86 5 points 3 days ago I bet it was way more than 13%. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 5 points 3 days ago I have no reason not to believe that. That’s an insane number of agents pulled off of actual crimes to go after a protest that 99% of which was peaceful and lawful. permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 5 points 3 days ago wray should lay off the donuts permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 3 days ago He should lay off breaking the law, too, but he doesn't seem to have done well in that area. permalink parent award report block reply flp999 5 points 3 days ago I’m not paying the FBI’s salary to sit around and fuck off all day doing whatever bullshit seems like would feel “cool.” There are children being raped and murdered! There’s hundreds of thousands of Americans dying from fentanyl. Do something genuinely useful for society, not your careers, or dismantle the whole agency (certainly my preferred option, it’s too sick and corrupt to do any good at this point). permalink award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 4 points 3 days ago Link https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1987548426792218691?s=20 permalink award report block reply ACActual 4 points 3 days ago Im a J6er.   Had a lot of time to figure it out.   A large group of Traitors in DC including Congress, Senate, CHPD, FBI, ATF, CIA, DOD and likely many more 3 letter agencies literally set up a bloody Insurrection.  The plan was to get Patriots to shoot someone, declare a coup, arrest Trump and thousands of J6ers and anyone adjacent, implement Martial Law and destroy the Populist Movement root and branch.   Evidence?  Pipe Bomber protected.  Declared an Insurrection before anything happened, talking points had gone out early.  Trump Social media shutdown.  All J6ers geolocated.  Pelosi, refuses Natl Guard, multiple Generals delay, Pelosi admits she has been waiting for this. Prove me wrong Most of the Traitors are still in the government waiting for a second chance.  I don't think Trump has any idea how big this plan nor how severe.  Were talking actual bloody Coup permalink award report block reply NHMS_observer 3 points 3 days ago You only left out the part where they stopped a significant number of Congressmen from formally protesting the 2020 election steal during the certification process.
Otherwise, a very good analysis.  The traitors must be rounded up and prosecuted, and it should be done by the military, and it should be done posthaste.  Chris Wray is certainly among them.  Justice now! permalink parent award report block reply KneadThePeople 2 points 3 days ago Hello, fellow J6er-great analysis. Did you do time in the DC Jail as well? permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 4 points 3 days ago We do not have an administrative class that is "on our side". They are born and trained to suppress us. There is no counter-elite, and normie wage cucks crying cannot run this sort of massive administrative operation. They dont know the system, they dont know the laws. This is a colonization of the minds of our leaders, and we have no alternatives yet. There is slim pickings, whereas the globalists have a big stable of fags with deep personal connections and training. permalink award report block reply MotherCoconuts 4 points 3 days ago Trumps Fbi director? 🤡 permalink award report block reply Krat 4 points 3 days ago Why cant we get investigations like this ? permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 3 days ago And he got away with it. Probably paid millions doing so. He’ll never face any consequences and his great great great grandchildren will never have to lift a finger. Stop fucking telling us about the treason we have all known about for a decade. permalink award report block reply ingrowntoenail 3 points 3 days ago Of course he didn't.  Nudge nudge, wink wink. permalink award report block reply Califunya 3 points 3 days ago He did his job to NOT identify the bomber for j6–and give Ray Epps a hand job permalink award report block reply vongregormench 3 points 3 days ago Of course they could identify her. They were all in on the plot. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 3 points 3 days ago Wouldn't is different than couldn't permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 3 days ago Those 5,000 knew full well what they were doing. Their pensions should be canceled. permalink award report block reply MAGA1773 3 points 3 days ago DO SOMETHING USG. tbh I'm tired of all the talking and complaining, they won't arrest themsleves. It's obvious they're tyrants. The constitution allows the US people to throw off such a government. Find these people. Detain them. Hold public trials by the PEOPLE. Sentence them. I don't remember anywhere in the constitution it saying we had to ask for permission. permalink award report block reply Daveyclimber 2 points 3 days ago Make gallows great again! permalink award report block reply bananafone 2 points 3 days ago Great to know the FBI can be mobilized in the same direction? What's the deal in 2025? permalink award report block reply 1776Over1984 2 points 3 days ago Did you see the video of her? She waves to the police passing by!  They all knew what she was doing permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 2 points 3 days ago I am willing to bet there were 5000 plain clothed FBI agents on Jan 6 also I don't buy that there were only a few hundred. Get the cell phone data on each and every FBI agent in DC 2 months prior and 2 months after J6. permalink award report block reply Lol_Garrus 2 points 3 days ago Haha, I was at 6th but they could never find meeeee! Be a nimble navigator. permalink award report block reply America1stAndOnly 2 points 3 days ago And yet they never found me, because it WAS ME AUSTIN! IT WAS ME ALL ALONG! permalink award report block reply mass55th 2 points 3 days ago He had to justify Biden keeping him on as FBI Director, didn't he? permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 2 points 3 days ago Because it would have been a self report permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 1 points 3 days ago Wray was such a toady. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 3 days ago Jew. Like his boss Garland (nee Garfinkel) a jew Fifth Columnist for the globalist agenda. It's why they went so hard after Roman Catholics. permalink award report block reply highenergywinning 1 points 3 days ago How much was he paid from tax paypayer $? permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 3 days ago Teddy Roosevelt's secret police doing what they were always intended to do. This was/is an occuppied government, like what the Chinese had when the British installed their opium protectorates. permalink award report block reply KennyUS 1 points 3 days ago Have to look for someone to find them.  That lock her up fizzle emboldened the swamp to get bold and aggressive plus 4 more years to solidify their protection. permalink award report block reply Orneryoldgoat 1 points 2 days ago The pipe bomb was the back up plan. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 3 days ago Traitor = Hanging. permalink award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 1 points 3 days ago They knew who is was because it was them! permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 1 points 3 days ago Trump gets an F for his ability to pick and appoint. Look at Radcliffe compared to what Tulsa has been able to do and now he's hiding the bomber in his ranks. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 3 days ago Decreasing the video from 30 FPS to 8 FPS made the Gate Analysis impossible.   The Coup went all the way to the top. Were all about to find out what kind of government we really have.  J6 was supposed to be an actual bloody Insurrection.  Patriots didn't fall for it.  I remember the pressure to bring arms.  Thank God none of us did J6 Bomber now works on Radcliffes CIA Detail.  Coincidence ? permalink award report block reply rootGoose 1 points 3 days ago DHS was also working on it. permalink award report block reply Redeemable 1 points 2 days ago Actually if you read theblaze, she was identified right away and they were surveilling her house and then suddenly the agents were told to pack up and leave. permalink award report block reply Abovethefray 1 points 3 days ago That is WAY too many people  'working'  there. permalink award report block reply Navarroinlegirons 1 points 3 days ago 13% of FBI for a Trump Rally and election protest with no organized crime other than the crime the Feds themselves orchestrated. Meanwhile, child sex abuse rings running rampant. Chris Wray is a sick MF permalink award report block reply UntakenUsername -1 points 3 days ago You know, I don't even really care at this point. permalink award report block reply CommanderComadant 2 points 3 days ago When you spend four years in fear everything could be torn away from you, you definitely care. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 54 points 3 days ago Smug little shit. I am having questions about the new FBI director.  He should have made these names public. permalink award report block reply BlackPiIIedMAGA 27 points 3 days ago Once a gupta, always a gupta. He is a holdover from the last admin. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 8 points 3 days ago Pretty sure they fired Wray the day Trump was in, or he resigned on hearing he was getting canned. permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 6 points 3 days ago He resigned shortly after turbo fag Merrick Garfinkel resigned permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 4 points 3 days ago He's going to be let off permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 2 points 3 days ago Sadly I believe you are correct. It's a big club and has different rules for its members. Knocks the wind out of you . permalink parent award report block reply YearninNation 2 points 3 days ago Don't feel too bad about it; it is above all else, a really really really gay club. permalink parent award report block reply Payasyougo 1 points 3 days ago Also nobody ever talks about the government contractors that work at Deloitte, who worked hand in hand with the FBI to build a database of those on the capitol grounds that day. They made millions tracking down their fellow citizens. Many of which live comfortably in Northern VA. If you know anyone who works at Deloitte I would stop interacting with them. Thankfully several Deloitte contracts were terminated early this year by DOGE but something needs to be done about these contractors. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPiIIedMAGA 27 points 3 days ago Once a gupta, always a gupta. He is a holdover from the last admin. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 8 points 3 days ago Pretty sure they fired Wray the day Trump was in, or he resigned on hearing he was getting canned. permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 6 points 3 days ago He resigned shortly after turbo fag Merrick Garfinkel resigned permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 8 points 3 days ago Pretty sure they fired Wray the day Trump was in, or he resigned on hearing he was getting canned. permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 6 points 3 days ago He resigned shortly after turbo fag Merrick Garfinkel resigned permalink parent award report block reply
KennyKetchem 6 points 3 days ago He resigned shortly after turbo fag Merrick Garfinkel resigned permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 4 points 3 days ago He's going to be let off permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 2 points 3 days ago Sadly I believe you are correct. It's a big club and has different rules for its members. Knocks the wind out of you . permalink parent award report block reply YearninNation 2 points 3 days ago Don't feel too bad about it; it is above all else, a really really really gay club. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 2 points 3 days ago Sadly I believe you are correct. It's a big club and has different rules for its members. Knocks the wind out of you . permalink parent award report block reply YearninNation 2 points 3 days ago Don't feel too bad about it; it is above all else, a really really really gay club. permalink parent award report block reply
YearninNation 2 points 3 days ago Don't feel too bad about it; it is above all else, a really really really gay club. permalink parent award report block reply
Payasyougo 1 points 3 days ago Also nobody ever talks about the government contractors that work at Deloitte, who worked hand in hand with the FBI to build a database of those on the capitol grounds that day. They made millions tracking down their fellow citizens. Many of which live comfortably in Northern VA. If you know anyone who works at Deloitte I would stop interacting with them. Thankfully several Deloitte contracts were terminated early this year by DOGE but something needs to be done about these contractors. permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 27 points 3 days ago As I've said before, the FBI protects its own. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 10 points 3 days ago Deepstate* permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 10 points 3 days ago Deepstate* permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 18 points 3 days ago And didn’t lift a finger against the mobs that burned and looted cities all through 2020 and after. The mobs that stormed federal courthouses and set them on fire? Nope. The terrorists that literally murdered people in the streets INCLUDING cops? Nope. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 10 points 3 days ago And who left those pallets of bricks everywhere? permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Lifting a finger is harder when you are taking a knee. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 10 points 3 days ago And who left those pallets of bricks everywhere? permalink parent award report block reply
Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Lifting a finger is harder when you are taking a knee. permalink parent award report block reply
mailinvoter 15 points 3 days ago We all know it, but can we get a blonde turd that gave Epstein a free pass and a DEI panjeet to do anything about it? permalink award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin 13 points 3 days ago I'm just happy that my side would never fight this hard. Phew! permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 11 points 3 days ago And they all still have badges. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 5 points 3 days ago Thought kash fired all the fbi assigned to j6 permalink parent award report block reply KneadThePeople 6 points 3 days ago My “special agent” is still actively employed in the same field office. permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 5 points 3 days ago Thought kash fired all the fbi assigned to j6 permalink parent award report block reply KneadThePeople 6 points 3 days ago My “special agent” is still actively employed in the same field office. permalink parent award report block reply
KneadThePeople 6 points 3 days ago My “special agent” is still actively employed in the same field office. permalink parent award report block reply
Choppermagic 8 points 3 days ago Where is Hunter's laptop?  Does anyone know? permalink award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 2 points 3 days ago In the basement of the J. Edgar Hoover building next to Weiner's laptop. permalink parent award report block reply tellmywifehello 1 points 2 days ago And Wiener's laptop too permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 1 points 2 days ago i hope that is in a burn bag permalink parent award report block reply
FerkenBlerkin 2 points 3 days ago In the basement of the J. Edgar Hoover building next to Weiner's laptop. permalink parent award report block reply
tellmywifehello 1 points 2 days ago And Wiener's laptop too permalink parent award report block reply Choppermagic 1 points 2 days ago i hope that is in a burn bag permalink parent award report block reply
Choppermagic 1 points 2 days ago i hope that is in a burn bag permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 7 points 3 days ago Yap, yap, yap, yap. Nothing is changing, let's be honest for once. permalink award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 6 points 3 days ago This all about rubbing shit in our faces. Anyone with an IQ above 80 knows nothing will ever be done about any of it. permalink award report block reply learntocode 4 points 3 days ago How can the federal government do something about what the federal government did using the same people to charge the people who committed the acts you want to charge them with? Mr. Bank Robber! Arrest yourself! The fuck are you expecting? There are very few numbers of federal agents spread across the government capable of even running a harrassment and suppression campaign like the one used against us after J6. You think we have some secret stable of administrative savants? No, ours have been born and raised to do this to us and there is no counter-elite. Sorry. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 4 points 3 days ago How can the federal government do something about what the federal government did using the same people to charge the people who committed the acts you want to charge them with? Mr. Bank Robber! Arrest yourself! The fuck are you expecting? There are very few numbers of federal agents spread across the government capable of even running a harrassment and suppression campaign like the one used against us after J6. You think we have some secret stable of administrative savants? No, ours have been born and raised to do this to us and there is no counter-elite. Sorry. permalink parent award report block reply
callaway86 5 points 3 days ago I bet it was way more than 13%. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 5 points 3 days ago I have no reason not to believe that. That’s an insane number of agents pulled off of actual crimes to go after a protest that 99% of which was peaceful and lawful. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 5 points 3 days ago I have no reason not to believe that. That’s an insane number of agents pulled off of actual crimes to go after a protest that 99% of which was peaceful and lawful. permalink parent award report block reply
YodaBannon 5 points 3 days ago wray should lay off the donuts permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 3 days ago He should lay off breaking the law, too, but he doesn't seem to have done well in that area. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 2 points 3 days ago He should lay off breaking the law, too, but he doesn't seem to have done well in that area. permalink parent award report block reply
flp999 5 points 3 days ago I’m not paying the FBI’s salary to sit around and fuck off all day doing whatever bullshit seems like would feel “cool.” There are children being raped and murdered! There’s hundreds of thousands of Americans dying from fentanyl. Do something genuinely useful for society, not your careers, or dismantle the whole agency (certainly my preferred option, it’s too sick and corrupt to do any good at this point). permalink award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 4 points 3 days ago Link https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1987548426792218691?s=20 permalink award report block reply
ACActual 4 points 3 days ago Im a J6er.   Had a lot of time to figure it out.   A large group of Traitors in DC including Congress, Senate, CHPD, FBI, ATF, CIA, DOD and likely many more 3 letter agencies literally set up a bloody Insurrection.  The plan was to get Patriots to shoot someone, declare a coup, arrest Trump and thousands of J6ers and anyone adjacent, implement Martial Law and destroy the Populist Movement root and branch.   Evidence?  Pipe Bomber protected.  Declared an Insurrection before anything happened, talking points had gone out early.  Trump Social media shutdown.  All J6ers geolocated.  Pelosi, refuses Natl Guard, multiple Generals delay, Pelosi admits she has been waiting for this. Prove me wrong Most of the Traitors are still in the government waiting for a second chance.  I don't think Trump has any idea how big this plan nor how severe.  Were talking actual bloody Coup permalink award report block reply NHMS_observer 3 points 3 days ago You only left out the part where they stopped a significant number of Congressmen from formally protesting the 2020 election steal during the certification process.
Otherwise, a very good analysis.  The traitors must be rounded up and prosecuted, and it should be done by the military, and it should be done posthaste.  Chris Wray is certainly among them.  Justice now! permalink parent award report block reply KneadThePeople 2 points 3 days ago Hello, fellow J6er-great analysis. Did you do time in the DC Jail as well? permalink parent award report block reply
NHMS_observer 3 points 3 days ago You only left out the part where they stopped a significant number of Congressmen from formally protesting the 2020 election steal during the certification process.
Otherwise, a very good analysis.  The traitors must be rounded up and prosecuted, and it should be done by the military, and it should be done posthaste.  Chris Wray is certainly among them.  Justice now! permalink parent award report block reply
KneadThePeople 2 points 3 days ago Hello, fellow J6er-great analysis. Did you do time in the DC Jail as well? permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 4 points 3 days ago We do not have an administrative class that is "on our side". They are born and trained to suppress us. There is no counter-elite, and normie wage cucks crying cannot run this sort of massive administrative operation. They dont know the system, they dont know the laws. This is a colonization of the minds of our leaders, and we have no alternatives yet. There is slim pickings, whereas the globalists have a big stable of fags with deep personal connections and training. permalink award report block reply
MotherCoconuts 4 points 3 days ago Trumps Fbi director? 🤡 permalink award report block reply
Krat 4 points 3 days ago Why cant we get investigations like this ? permalink award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 3 days ago And he got away with it. Probably paid millions doing so. He’ll never face any consequences and his great great great grandchildren will never have to lift a finger. Stop fucking telling us about the treason we have all known about for a decade. permalink award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 3 points 3 days ago Of course he didn't.  Nudge nudge, wink wink. permalink award report block reply
Califunya 3 points 3 days ago He did his job to NOT identify the bomber for j6–and give Ray Epps a hand job permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 3 points 3 days ago Of course they could identify her. They were all in on the plot. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 3 points 3 days ago Wouldn't is different than couldn't permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 3 points 3 days ago Those 5,000 knew full well what they were doing. Their pensions should be canceled. permalink award report block reply
MAGA1773 3 points 3 days ago DO SOMETHING USG. tbh I'm tired of all the talking and complaining, they won't arrest themsleves. It's obvious they're tyrants. The constitution allows the US people to throw off such a government. Find these people. Detain them. Hold public trials by the PEOPLE. Sentence them. I don't remember anywhere in the constitution it saying we had to ask for permission. permalink award report block reply
Daveyclimber 2 points 3 days ago Make gallows great again! permalink award report block reply
bananafone 2 points 3 days ago Great to know the FBI can be mobilized in the same direction? What's the deal in 2025? permalink award report block reply
1776Over1984 2 points 3 days ago Did you see the video of her? She waves to the police passing by!  They all knew what she was doing permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 2 points 3 days ago I am willing to bet there were 5000 plain clothed FBI agents on Jan 6 also I don't buy that there were only a few hundred. Get the cell phone data on each and every FBI agent in DC 2 months prior and 2 months after J6. permalink award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 2 points 3 days ago Haha, I was at 6th but they could never find meeeee! Be a nimble navigator. permalink award report block reply
America1stAndOnly 2 points 3 days ago And yet they never found me, because it WAS ME AUSTIN! IT WAS ME ALL ALONG! permalink award report block reply
mass55th 2 points 3 days ago He had to justify Biden keeping him on as FBI Director, didn't he? permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 2 points 3 days ago Because it would have been a self report permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 1 points 3 days ago Wray was such a toady. permalink award report block reply
DieHeretic 1 points 3 days ago Jew. Like his boss Garland (nee Garfinkel) a jew Fifth Columnist for the globalist agenda. It's why they went so hard after Roman Catholics. permalink award report block reply
highenergywinning 1 points 3 days ago How much was he paid from tax paypayer $? permalink award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 3 days ago Teddy Roosevelt's secret police doing what they were always intended to do. This was/is an occuppied government, like what the Chinese had when the British installed their opium protectorates. permalink award report block reply
KennyUS 1 points 3 days ago Have to look for someone to find them.  That lock her up fizzle emboldened the swamp to get bold and aggressive plus 4 more years to solidify their protection. permalink award report block reply
Orneryoldgoat 1 points 2 days ago The pipe bomb was the back up plan. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 1 points 3 days ago Traitor = Hanging. permalink award report block reply
EastTexasMadLad 1 points 3 days ago They knew who is was because it was them! permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 1 points 3 days ago Trump gets an F for his ability to pick and appoint. Look at Radcliffe compared to what Tulsa has been able to do and now he's hiding the bomber in his ranks. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 3 days ago Decreasing the video from 30 FPS to 8 FPS made the Gate Analysis impossible.   The Coup went all the way to the top. Were all about to find out what kind of government we really have.  J6 was supposed to be an actual bloody Insurrection.  Patriots didn't fall for it.  I remember the pressure to bring arms.  Thank God none of us did J6 Bomber now works on Radcliffes CIA Detail.  Coincidence ? permalink award report block reply
rootGoose 1 points 3 days ago DHS was also working on it. permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 1 points 2 days ago Actually if you read theblaze, she was identified right away and they were surveilling her house and then suddenly the agents were told to pack up and leave. permalink award report block reply
Abovethefray 1 points 3 days ago That is WAY too many people  'working'  there. permalink award report block reply
Navarroinlegirons 1 points 3 days ago 13% of FBI for a Trump Rally and election protest with no organized crime other than the crime the Feds themselves orchestrated. Meanwhile, child sex abuse rings running rampant. Chris Wray is a sick MF permalink award report block reply
UntakenUsername -1 points 3 days ago You know, I don't even really care at this point. permalink award report block reply CommanderComadant 2 points 3 days ago When you spend four years in fear everything could be torn away from you, you definitely care. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderComadant 2 points 3 days ago When you spend four years in fear everything could be torn away from you, you definitely care. permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply