557 Cheaper by the Million posted 1 hour ago by austford 64 comments award share download report block
64 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style SHILL_DETECTOR 33 points 1 hour ago they will lie to get jobs also permalink award report block reply Trump4prez 18 points 58 minutes ago Remember when you travel abroad and tourists are warned that foreigners will scam u? Because they see Americans as easy marks? What makes u think they have a different mentality when they come as immigrants? permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 3 points 56 minutes ago Well, if they have to scam to come to this country (AKA ILLEGAL), then what would you expect from a scammer besides more scams? permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCuomo 1 points 13 minutes ago "They're just cheaper." FALSE The hardcore open borders libertarians at the Cato Institute say that Immigrants offset their cost to America-- by being productive contributing members of society. BUT BUT BUTT But when you look at Cato's math-- they admit it takes THIRTY YEARS to reach the break-even point, where an immigrant contributes more than he TAKES: AI confirms: “The Fiscal Impact of Immigration in the United States” by Alex Nowrasteh, Sarah Eckhardt, and Michael Howard draws heavily on the National Academy of Sciences’ 2017 report, which modeled the long-term fiscal effects of immigrants and found that, over a 30‑year horizon, immigrants contribute more in taxes than they consume in government benefits" Here's the entire debate. It's full of amazing autistic brainfarts from the Cato Libertarian.  And he was cheered on by the autists libertarians in the crowd.     Dave Smith responded with common sense-- which was lost on a crowd with no common sense.  But won the larger audience outside that auditorium. So I found it to be a referendum on a certain sort of Libertarian nerd, as much as the open borders policies which they ushered-in during the years of Koch Brothers influence on US politics: permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 4 points 20 minutes ago Then only hire people like them. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 18 minutes ago true, and they do almost no work at all... do not ever hire indians as contractors or contract out work to some jeet farm permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 30 points 1 hour ago Not sure what Trump was thinking with that comment of his that Americans can't do the jobs. Really pissed me off though. permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 19 points 1 hour ago Funny how Americans can't do the jobs and training them would be cumbersome, so we need to bring in half a million foreigners from a hostile nation and train them instead. From the same admin that is justifying everything with "muh national security." permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 13 points 54 minutes ago Gaslighting is telling someone you're "tough on immigration" while also saying "Americans can't do what these foreigners can", change my mind... permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 3 points 7 minutes ago The truth of the matter is, they want dirt cheap labor. There are plenty of competent Americans to do those jobs, but they expect a certain amount of pay. So the solution is to import foreigners who may be somewhat competent, but will work suicide hours for hardly no pay. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 5 minutes ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 5 points 30 minutes ago its incredible that they think they can psyop people into believing that their children with unrealized potential because of failed and flawed education system are inferior to third worlders so inferior that its not even worth giving them a chance. this is winning messaging? permalink parent award report block reply tt777 2 points 60 minutes ago Trump is a business man first. Business concerns will always be first to him. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 15 points 58 minutes ago Unfortunately if he's more concerned about big stock numbers than a dead middle class America... his legacy will be dead. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 0 points 47 minutes ago Trump was given an America on life support, after Biden. He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures still (Powell comes immediately to mind). With all that said, Trump has the defibrillators on full tilt, and if he can't get America back up on its feet, then we're screwed no matter who's in office next time around. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 2 points 37 minutes ago He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures He's actively campaigning for Lindsey Graham. Can we dispense with this idea that there is any intention to drain the swamp? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gunteh 4 points 51 minutes ago Yeah, but just because it's legal doesn't make it ethical. If Trump said 50 year mortgages are legal, that doesn't make it ethical to give banks the ability to force people into 50 year mortgages with "hey, look at your monthly payments now, much cheaper than 30 year mortgages, huh? Wanna go for the lower monthly payment?" If you've ever been on an 84-month car loan, you'll know the pain of being stuck with that monthly payment for that long. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 minute ago He should be concerned about impeachment if he loses the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 10 minutes ago Its because he exposed his hatred of White man and his desire to replace us with browns permalink parent award report block reply sarsaparilla 1 points 2 minutes ago Seems like in the interview Trump was trying to justify the entire H1-B scam by pointing to a few examples of foreign companies opening plants in America to manufacture technologies we currently don't. I don't have a problem with a foreign company brining 100-200 people in to help establish something like that. The issue is the hundreds of thousands of tech jobs and medical jobs that Americans absolutely are qualified for. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... bejeavis 24 points 1 hour ago Vivek is dead to this site for saying the exact same thing. Change my mind. permalink award report block reply CommieCrats 7 points 47 minutes ago JD Vance and Usha Vance best friend permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 4 points 18 minutes ago Yep I like what Vance says but this part concerns me. I think Desantis should be the next Repub nominy. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 2 points 45 minutes ago The arrow loosed too early or too late both miss the mark. permalink parent award report block reply popcultmember 1 points 2 minutes ago And Elon same reason permalink parent award report block reply CommietownUSA 13 points 53 minutes ago How to lose the midterms and your legacy in one sentence: permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 hour ago They're also not white. permalink award report block reply tribunabessica 4 points 32 minutes ago And never will be. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 14 minutes ago Until they commit a violent crime and we need to classify race permalink parent award report block reply 24601 7 points 1 hour ago Serfs are cheaper than slaves because the ruler doesn't need to feed the serf. That's what the Globalists are after.... serfs. permalink award report block reply 0Sum 6 points 1 hour ago And once they've scammed their way into management they discriminate in favor of their own kind. permalink award report block reply Thrilly 5 points 59 minutes ago They start by stealing our jobs.  They then import several generations of their families.  Then they breed.  Within 10 years America will turn into a 3rd world shithole permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 9 minutes ago Worse they take the White woman for themselves as white woman have been braimwwshed to be race traitors permalink parent award report block reply deletedandreacted 4 points 1 hour ago They also stink permalink award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago And are pushy and rude. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 1 hour ago They have a better culture. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago Immigrants are imitation brand Americans. permalink award report block reply BidenSniffsLittleKid 3 points 1 hour ago Somebody should tell Trump permalink award report block reply Trumpalorian 3 points 1 hour ago Are they cheaper after you factor in all the Gibs theyll take or damage they'll cause? permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 57 minutes ago We pay for the gins and have to live with the crime and filth. The politicians and lobbyists don’t have to deal with it permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 36 minutes ago They’re not even really cheaper. They are just locked into their job for 6 years (at a minimum). permalink award report block reply MakinBacon 1 points 20 minutes ago Beat me to it. Somebody got a bonus for hiring them, virturally everytime, or a cut of their pay. permalink parent award report block reply PDWUsername 2 points 55 minutes ago They are cheaper per hour because they're willing to work 15 hours a day on the same salary as an American to make enough money to support their family of 10 back home. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 1 hour ago Republican donors love them! We’re ruled not represented. permalink award report block reply Whozat 2 points 41 minutes ago If our grandmothers could build airplanes and battleships for WW2 and learned those jobs in weeks, not years,
why do we need these people? permalink award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 6 minutes ago Because the women of today are not our grandmothers. permalink parent award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 2 points 47 minutes ago Also they often don't know what they claim to know. They just learn on the job, while Americans are required to prove what they know. permalink award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 1 points 36 minutes ago Woah.  If you laugh or agree with this meme, doesn't that make you a doomer? permalink award report block reply Trajano 1 points 11 minutes ago This is 100% true. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 45 minutes ago They are not even cheaper. THey are the ones buying all these $500k-$3 million homes here in Dallas. permalink award report block reply Franklymydear 1 points 44 minutes ago I have never seen people get their fucking panties in a bunch so fast….
Literally, turning on the very man that has done so much already. You guys truly are pathetic sometimes. You sound like a bunch of women. Get one thing straight. We haven’t done a lot of these manufacturing things for a very long time.
The goal here is to get the manufacturing know how back into the American population using temporary labor that will be sent back in 4 to 7 years - we need training. Anyone in business knows that your general American guy out there is a total dumbass -sorry but that’s just the truth. Ever hire a contractor? Most of them don’t know what they’re doing. And yes, I’m talking about the white guys too. It’s evident where we have a shortage of not only skilled tradesmen, but also skilled manufacturing know how. This just fills the gap for a better future for American workers down the road. Stop being so damn myopic permalink award report block reply griff 1 points 1 hour ago They also have that Eastern "slavish" behavior to leadership. They just do as they are told. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 20 minutes ago I support antifa tactics against insoursing companies permalink award report block reply RedditIs4Retards 1 points 42 minutes ago I always have problems with illegal framers, siding, and sheet rockers. They either destroy my electrical, knock out my boxes so they can repair their framing screw ups and proceed to leave my boxes out, bury boxes and wiring behind sheetrock, and when asked to block and do siding around exterior electrical, "uhhh I ask heem contrrractor to do" then proceeds not to ask and leaves it as is. Can't speak English so they don't even make an attempt to communicate so we can work together. permalink award report block reply Senaleb 1 points 31 minutes ago Finally, the real sentiment is making it to the top. permalink award report block reply Shmioighan 1 points 52 minutes ago Cheaper AND more cooperative/collectivized. permalink award report block reply forcedaspiration 1 points 40 minutes ago They should hire cheap American kids if the boomers are too greedy, not panjeets. permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 1 points 3 minutes ago I think Trump sees 2 options: Either import cheap labor and keep the businesses here. Or let the businesses outsource to countries with slave labor. For the government, the former is preferable to the later. permalink award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 33 points 1 hour ago they will lie to get jobs also permalink award report block reply Trump4prez 18 points 58 minutes ago Remember when you travel abroad and tourists are warned that foreigners will scam u? Because they see Americans as easy marks? What makes u think they have a different mentality when they come as immigrants? permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 3 points 56 minutes ago Well, if they have to scam to come to this country (AKA ILLEGAL), then what would you expect from a scammer besides more scams? permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCuomo 1 points 13 minutes ago "They're just cheaper." FALSE The hardcore open borders libertarians at the Cato Institute say that Immigrants offset their cost to America-- by being productive contributing members of society. BUT BUT BUTT But when you look at Cato's math-- they admit it takes THIRTY YEARS to reach the break-even point, where an immigrant contributes more than he TAKES: AI confirms: “The Fiscal Impact of Immigration in the United States” by Alex Nowrasteh, Sarah Eckhardt, and Michael Howard draws heavily on the National Academy of Sciences’ 2017 report, which modeled the long-term fiscal effects of immigrants and found that, over a 30‑year horizon, immigrants contribute more in taxes than they consume in government benefits" Here's the entire debate. It's full of amazing autistic brainfarts from the Cato Libertarian.  And he was cheered on by the autists libertarians in the crowd.     Dave Smith responded with common sense-- which was lost on a crowd with no common sense.  But won the larger audience outside that auditorium. So I found it to be a referendum on a certain sort of Libertarian nerd, as much as the open borders policies which they ushered-in during the years of Koch Brothers influence on US politics: permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 4 points 20 minutes ago Then only hire people like them. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 18 minutes ago true, and they do almost no work at all... do not ever hire indians as contractors or contract out work to some jeet farm permalink parent award report block reply
Trump4prez 18 points 58 minutes ago Remember when you travel abroad and tourists are warned that foreigners will scam u? Because they see Americans as easy marks? What makes u think they have a different mentality when they come as immigrants? permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 3 points 56 minutes ago Well, if they have to scam to come to this country (AKA ILLEGAL), then what would you expect from a scammer besides more scams? permalink parent award report block reply CaptainCuomo 1 points 13 minutes ago "They're just cheaper." FALSE The hardcore open borders libertarians at the Cato Institute say that Immigrants offset their cost to America-- by being productive contributing members of society. BUT BUT BUTT But when you look at Cato's math-- they admit it takes THIRTY YEARS to reach the break-even point, where an immigrant contributes more than he TAKES: AI confirms: “The Fiscal Impact of Immigration in the United States” by Alex Nowrasteh, Sarah Eckhardt, and Michael Howard draws heavily on the National Academy of Sciences’ 2017 report, which modeled the long-term fiscal effects of immigrants and found that, over a 30‑year horizon, immigrants contribute more in taxes than they consume in government benefits" Here's the entire debate. It's full of amazing autistic brainfarts from the Cato Libertarian.  And he was cheered on by the autists libertarians in the crowd.     Dave Smith responded with common sense-- which was lost on a crowd with no common sense.  But won the larger audience outside that auditorium. So I found it to be a referendum on a certain sort of Libertarian nerd, as much as the open borders policies which they ushered-in during the years of Koch Brothers influence on US politics: permalink parent award report block reply
gunteh 3 points 56 minutes ago Well, if they have to scam to come to this country (AKA ILLEGAL), then what would you expect from a scammer besides more scams? permalink parent award report block reply
CaptainCuomo 1 points 13 minutes ago "They're just cheaper." FALSE The hardcore open borders libertarians at the Cato Institute say that Immigrants offset their cost to America-- by being productive contributing members of society. BUT BUT BUTT But when you look at Cato's math-- they admit it takes THIRTY YEARS to reach the break-even point, where an immigrant contributes more than he TAKES: AI confirms: “The Fiscal Impact of Immigration in the United States” by Alex Nowrasteh, Sarah Eckhardt, and Michael Howard draws heavily on the National Academy of Sciences’ 2017 report, which modeled the long-term fiscal effects of immigrants and found that, over a 30‑year horizon, immigrants contribute more in taxes than they consume in government benefits" Here's the entire debate. It's full of amazing autistic brainfarts from the Cato Libertarian.  And he was cheered on by the autists libertarians in the crowd.     Dave Smith responded with common sense-- which was lost on a crowd with no common sense.  But won the larger audience outside that auditorium. So I found it to be a referendum on a certain sort of Libertarian nerd, as much as the open borders policies which they ushered-in during the years of Koch Brothers influence on US politics: permalink parent award report block reply
Bigstick7 4 points 20 minutes ago Then only hire people like them. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 18 minutes ago true, and they do almost no work at all... do not ever hire indians as contractors or contract out work to some jeet farm permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 18 minutes ago true, and they do almost no work at all... do not ever hire indians as contractors or contract out work to some jeet farm permalink parent award report block reply
America1stAndOnly 30 points 1 hour ago Not sure what Trump was thinking with that comment of his that Americans can't do the jobs. Really pissed me off though. permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 19 points 1 hour ago Funny how Americans can't do the jobs and training them would be cumbersome, so we need to bring in half a million foreigners from a hostile nation and train them instead. From the same admin that is justifying everything with "muh national security." permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 13 points 54 minutes ago Gaslighting is telling someone you're "tough on immigration" while also saying "Americans can't do what these foreigners can", change my mind... permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 3 points 7 minutes ago The truth of the matter is, they want dirt cheap labor. There are plenty of competent Americans to do those jobs, but they expect a certain amount of pay. So the solution is to import foreigners who may be somewhat competent, but will work suicide hours for hardly no pay. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 5 minutes ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 5 points 30 minutes ago its incredible that they think they can psyop people into believing that their children with unrealized potential because of failed and flawed education system are inferior to third worlders so inferior that its not even worth giving them a chance. this is winning messaging? permalink parent award report block reply tt777 2 points 60 minutes ago Trump is a business man first. Business concerns will always be first to him. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 15 points 58 minutes ago Unfortunately if he's more concerned about big stock numbers than a dead middle class America... his legacy will be dead. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 0 points 47 minutes ago Trump was given an America on life support, after Biden. He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures still (Powell comes immediately to mind). With all that said, Trump has the defibrillators on full tilt, and if he can't get America back up on its feet, then we're screwed no matter who's in office next time around. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 2 points 37 minutes ago He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures He's actively campaigning for Lindsey Graham. Can we dispense with this idea that there is any intention to drain the swamp? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gunteh 4 points 51 minutes ago Yeah, but just because it's legal doesn't make it ethical. If Trump said 50 year mortgages are legal, that doesn't make it ethical to give banks the ability to force people into 50 year mortgages with "hey, look at your monthly payments now, much cheaper than 30 year mortgages, huh? Wanna go for the lower monthly payment?" If you've ever been on an 84-month car loan, you'll know the pain of being stuck with that monthly payment for that long. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 minute ago He should be concerned about impeachment if he loses the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 10 minutes ago Its because he exposed his hatred of White man and his desire to replace us with browns permalink parent award report block reply sarsaparilla 1 points 2 minutes ago Seems like in the interview Trump was trying to justify the entire H1-B scam by pointing to a few examples of foreign companies opening plants in America to manufacture technologies we currently don't. I don't have a problem with a foreign company brining 100-200 people in to help establish something like that. The issue is the hundreds of thousands of tech jobs and medical jobs that Americans absolutely are qualified for. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
IncredibleMrE1 19 points 1 hour ago Funny how Americans can't do the jobs and training them would be cumbersome, so we need to bring in half a million foreigners from a hostile nation and train them instead. From the same admin that is justifying everything with "muh national security." permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 13 points 54 minutes ago Gaslighting is telling someone you're "tough on immigration" while also saying "Americans can't do what these foreigners can", change my mind... permalink parent award report block reply Madnote1984 3 points 7 minutes ago The truth of the matter is, they want dirt cheap labor. There are plenty of competent Americans to do those jobs, but they expect a certain amount of pay. So the solution is to import foreigners who may be somewhat competent, but will work suicide hours for hardly no pay. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 5 minutes ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
gunteh 13 points 54 minutes ago Gaslighting is telling someone you're "tough on immigration" while also saying "Americans can't do what these foreigners can", change my mind... permalink parent award report block reply
Madnote1984 3 points 7 minutes ago The truth of the matter is, they want dirt cheap labor. There are plenty of competent Americans to do those jobs, but they expect a certain amount of pay. So the solution is to import foreigners who may be somewhat competent, but will work suicide hours for hardly no pay. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 5 minutes ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 1 points 5 minutes ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 5 points 30 minutes ago its incredible that they think they can psyop people into believing that their children with unrealized potential because of failed and flawed education system are inferior to third worlders so inferior that its not even worth giving them a chance. this is winning messaging? permalink parent award report block reply
tt777 2 points 60 minutes ago Trump is a business man first. Business concerns will always be first to him. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 15 points 58 minutes ago Unfortunately if he's more concerned about big stock numbers than a dead middle class America... his legacy will be dead. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 0 points 47 minutes ago Trump was given an America on life support, after Biden. He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures still (Powell comes immediately to mind). With all that said, Trump has the defibrillators on full tilt, and if he can't get America back up on its feet, then we're screwed no matter who's in office next time around. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 2 points 37 minutes ago He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures He's actively campaigning for Lindsey Graham. Can we dispense with this idea that there is any intention to drain the swamp? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gunteh 4 points 51 minutes ago Yeah, but just because it's legal doesn't make it ethical. If Trump said 50 year mortgages are legal, that doesn't make it ethical to give banks the ability to force people into 50 year mortgages with "hey, look at your monthly payments now, much cheaper than 30 year mortgages, huh? Wanna go for the lower monthly payment?" If you've ever been on an 84-month car loan, you'll know the pain of being stuck with that monthly payment for that long. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 minute ago He should be concerned about impeachment if he loses the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 15 points 58 minutes ago Unfortunately if he's more concerned about big stock numbers than a dead middle class America... his legacy will be dead. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 0 points 47 minutes ago Trump was given an America on life support, after Biden. He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures still (Powell comes immediately to mind). With all that said, Trump has the defibrillators on full tilt, and if he can't get America back up on its feet, then we're screwed no matter who's in office next time around. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 2 points 37 minutes ago He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures He's actively campaigning for Lindsey Graham. Can we dispense with this idea that there is any intention to drain the swamp? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
gunteh 0 points 47 minutes ago Trump was given an America on life support, after Biden. He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures still (Powell comes immediately to mind). With all that said, Trump has the defibrillators on full tilt, and if he can't get America back up on its feet, then we're screwed no matter who's in office next time around. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 2 points 37 minutes ago He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures He's actively campaigning for Lindsey Graham. Can we dispense with this idea that there is any intention to drain the swamp? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
YouEssAye 2 points 37 minutes ago He's also dealing with some financial swamp creatures He's actively campaigning for Lindsey Graham. Can we dispense with this idea that there is any intention to drain the swamp? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
gunteh 4 points 51 minutes ago Yeah, but just because it's legal doesn't make it ethical. If Trump said 50 year mortgages are legal, that doesn't make it ethical to give banks the ability to force people into 50 year mortgages with "hey, look at your monthly payments now, much cheaper than 30 year mortgages, huh? Wanna go for the lower monthly payment?" If you've ever been on an 84-month car loan, you'll know the pain of being stuck with that monthly payment for that long. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 1 minute ago He should be concerned about impeachment if he loses the midterms. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 10 minutes ago Its because he exposed his hatred of White man and his desire to replace us with browns permalink parent award report block reply
sarsaparilla 1 points 2 minutes ago Seems like in the interview Trump was trying to justify the entire H1-B scam by pointing to a few examples of foreign companies opening plants in America to manufacture technologies we currently don't. I don't have a problem with a foreign company brining 100-200 people in to help establish something like that. The issue is the hundreds of thousands of tech jobs and medical jobs that Americans absolutely are qualified for. permalink parent award report block reply
bejeavis 24 points 1 hour ago Vivek is dead to this site for saying the exact same thing. Change my mind. permalink award report block reply CommieCrats 7 points 47 minutes ago JD Vance and Usha Vance best friend permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 4 points 18 minutes ago Yep I like what Vance says but this part concerns me. I think Desantis should be the next Repub nominy. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 2 points 45 minutes ago The arrow loosed too early or too late both miss the mark. permalink parent award report block reply popcultmember 1 points 2 minutes ago And Elon same reason permalink parent award report block reply
CommieCrats 7 points 47 minutes ago JD Vance and Usha Vance best friend permalink parent award report block reply Bigstick7 4 points 18 minutes ago Yep I like what Vance says but this part concerns me. I think Desantis should be the next Repub nominy. permalink parent award report block reply
Bigstick7 4 points 18 minutes ago Yep I like what Vance says but this part concerns me. I think Desantis should be the next Repub nominy. permalink parent award report block reply
gunteh 2 points 45 minutes ago The arrow loosed too early or too late both miss the mark. permalink parent award report block reply
popcultmember 1 points 2 minutes ago And Elon same reason permalink parent award report block reply
CommietownUSA 13 points 53 minutes ago How to lose the midterms and your legacy in one sentence: permalink award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 hour ago They're also not white. permalink award report block reply tribunabessica 4 points 32 minutes ago And never will be. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 14 minutes ago Until they commit a violent crime and we need to classify race permalink parent award report block reply
tribunabessica 4 points 32 minutes ago And never will be. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 14 minutes ago Until they commit a violent crime and we need to classify race permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 14 minutes ago Until they commit a violent crime and we need to classify race permalink parent award report block reply
24601 7 points 1 hour ago Serfs are cheaper than slaves because the ruler doesn't need to feed the serf. That's what the Globalists are after.... serfs. permalink award report block reply
0Sum 6 points 1 hour ago And once they've scammed their way into management they discriminate in favor of their own kind. permalink award report block reply
Thrilly 5 points 59 minutes ago They start by stealing our jobs.  They then import several generations of their families.  Then they breed.  Within 10 years America will turn into a 3rd world shithole permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 9 minutes ago Worse they take the White woman for themselves as white woman have been braimwwshed to be race traitors permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 9 minutes ago Worse they take the White woman for themselves as white woman have been braimwwshed to be race traitors permalink parent award report block reply
deletedandreacted 4 points 1 hour ago They also stink permalink award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago And are pushy and rude. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 1 hour ago They have a better culture. permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago And are pushy and rude. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 1 hour ago They have a better culture. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 1 points 1 hour ago They have a better culture. permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago Immigrants are imitation brand Americans. permalink award report block reply
BidenSniffsLittleKid 3 points 1 hour ago Somebody should tell Trump permalink award report block reply
Trumpalorian 3 points 1 hour ago Are they cheaper after you factor in all the Gibs theyll take or damage they'll cause? permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 57 minutes ago We pay for the gins and have to live with the crime and filth. The politicians and lobbyists don’t have to deal with it permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 2 points 57 minutes ago We pay for the gins and have to live with the crime and filth. The politicians and lobbyists don’t have to deal with it permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 36 minutes ago They’re not even really cheaper. They are just locked into their job for 6 years (at a minimum). permalink award report block reply MakinBacon 1 points 20 minutes ago Beat me to it. Somebody got a bonus for hiring them, virturally everytime, or a cut of their pay. permalink parent award report block reply
MakinBacon 1 points 20 minutes ago Beat me to it. Somebody got a bonus for hiring them, virturally everytime, or a cut of their pay. permalink parent award report block reply
PDWUsername 2 points 55 minutes ago They are cheaper per hour because they're willing to work 15 hours a day on the same salary as an American to make enough money to support their family of 10 back home. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 1 hour ago Republican donors love them! We’re ruled not represented. permalink award report block reply
Whozat 2 points 41 minutes ago If our grandmothers could build airplanes and battleships for WW2 and learned those jobs in weeks, not years,
why do we need these people? permalink award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 1 points 6 minutes ago Because the women of today are not our grandmothers. permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 1 points 6 minutes ago Because the women of today are not our grandmothers. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 2 points 47 minutes ago Also they often don't know what they claim to know. They just learn on the job, while Americans are required to prove what they know. permalink award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 1 points 36 minutes ago Woah.  If you laugh or agree with this meme, doesn't that make you a doomer? permalink award report block reply
Trajano 1 points 11 minutes ago This is 100% true. permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 45 minutes ago They are not even cheaper. THey are the ones buying all these $500k-$3 million homes here in Dallas. permalink award report block reply
Franklymydear 1 points 44 minutes ago I have never seen people get their fucking panties in a bunch so fast….
Literally, turning on the very man that has done so much already. You guys truly are pathetic sometimes. You sound like a bunch of women. Get one thing straight. We haven’t done a lot of these manufacturing things for a very long time.
The goal here is to get the manufacturing know how back into the American population using temporary labor that will be sent back in 4 to 7 years - we need training. Anyone in business knows that your general American guy out there is a total dumbass -sorry but that’s just the truth. Ever hire a contractor? Most of them don’t know what they’re doing. And yes, I’m talking about the white guys too. It’s evident where we have a shortage of not only skilled tradesmen, but also skilled manufacturing know how. This just fills the gap for a better future for American workers down the road. Stop being so damn myopic permalink award report block reply
griff 1 points 1 hour ago They also have that Eastern "slavish" behavior to leadership. They just do as they are told. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 20 minutes ago I support antifa tactics against insoursing companies permalink award report block reply
RedditIs4Retards 1 points 42 minutes ago I always have problems with illegal framers, siding, and sheet rockers. They either destroy my electrical, knock out my boxes so they can repair their framing screw ups and proceed to leave my boxes out, bury boxes and wiring behind sheetrock, and when asked to block and do siding around exterior electrical, "uhhh I ask heem contrrractor to do" then proceeds not to ask and leaves it as is. Can't speak English so they don't even make an attempt to communicate so we can work together. permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 1 points 31 minutes ago Finally, the real sentiment is making it to the top. permalink award report block reply
Shmioighan 1 points 52 minutes ago Cheaper AND more cooperative/collectivized. permalink award report block reply
forcedaspiration 1 points 40 minutes ago They should hire cheap American kids if the boomers are too greedy, not panjeets. permalink award report block reply
aaafirefly123 1 points 3 minutes ago I think Trump sees 2 options: Either import cheap labor and keep the businesses here. Or let the businesses outsource to countries with slave labor. For the government, the former is preferable to the later. permalink award report block reply