406 Man who attacked Charlie Kirk supporter at Berkeley is a Muslim rapper named ‘Jihad.’ posted 9 hours ago by kinbergfan 18 comments award share report block Andy Ngo @MrAndyNgo • 20h A Muslim far-left extremist who severely beat a TPUSA attendee on the face after robbing him at UC Berkeley has been identified as Jihad Dphrepaulezz. The 25-year-old listed @CAPublicHealth as his employer. Dphrepaulezz is a rapper known as "A.R. The Believer." He tried Andy Ngo @MrAndyNgo • 2d UC Berkeley (Nov. 10) — A far-left extremist stole a conservative man's necklace & then punched him repeatedly in the face when he tried to take it back outside the TPUSA event. The victim was bloodied, and the leftists racially mocked him for being white.
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Walked Away – Now We Know Why Read More Ads by Ad.Style SuperDuperBasedMD 20 points 9 hours ago denaturalize and deport permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 9 points 5 hours ago His victim wasn't Jewish so I'm not optimistic permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago I heard the necklace was a cross and the punched man was Christian. permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 11 points 8 hours ago works for the gov, shocker permalink award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago Lots coming out recently about the government funding degenerate rappers. With usaid drying up the billboards have been absent rap mysteriously. https://www.cbc.ca/arts/commotion/how-did-rap-fall-out-of-the-billboard-top-40-9.6974039 permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago Tax dollars hard at work as always permalink parent award report block reply Badfinz_FL 8 points 9 hours ago Time for jihad to be deported to GITMO permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 7 points 5 hours ago Will he even be arrested? permalink award report block reply Bigstick7 4 points 3 hours ago Conservatives need to start training with firearms and hand to hand (boxing, jit jitsu, something), and stay frosty. permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 1 hour ago Why do you say he wasnt? Dude had 3 to 4 different fights. Supporting each other under lopsided ruling in crazed jurisdictions seems way more important. Dont put yourself in that situation to begin with. Dude shoulda had like 10 friends ready to stomp the life out of those people. Don't go protesting alone. Buddy system minimum. permalink parent award report block reply chuey_316 3 points 3 hours ago The left have openly and fully demonstrated that they cannot control their mental illness and are threats. Anyone who can legally carry needs to stay strapped. The victim would have been completely justified in giving this goat fucker a hole in the chest. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago At this point I think even the Democrat machine knows they lost control of the radicals on their side permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 3 points 6 hours ago Perfect resume for democrat politician. permalink award report block reply Dev404 3 points 4 hours ago Gee, another beloved muslim animal that leftists eagerly bend over for. How surprising. permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 hours ago Criminal offense. Deport permalink award report block reply Pats5x 3 points 4 hours ago they all work in academia, ngos or in government permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 1 hour ago "dEvErSiTy iS oUr sTrEnGtH" permalink award report block reply Ugh3rdaccount -1 points 7 hours ago Trump just said we need him though because we’re stupid. 🤷🏼‍♂️ permalink award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD 20 points 9 hours ago denaturalize and deport permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 9 points 5 hours ago His victim wasn't Jewish so I'm not optimistic permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago I heard the necklace was a cross and the punched man was Christian. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 9 points 5 hours ago His victim wasn't Jewish so I'm not optimistic permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago I heard the necklace was a cross and the punched man was Christian. permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago I heard the necklace was a cross and the punched man was Christian. permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 11 points 8 hours ago works for the gov, shocker permalink award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago Lots coming out recently about the government funding degenerate rappers. With usaid drying up the billboards have been absent rap mysteriously. https://www.cbc.ca/arts/commotion/how-did-rap-fall-out-of-the-billboard-top-40-9.6974039 permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago Tax dollars hard at work as always permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago Lots coming out recently about the government funding degenerate rappers. With usaid drying up the billboards have been absent rap mysteriously. https://www.cbc.ca/arts/commotion/how-did-rap-fall-out-of-the-billboard-top-40-9.6974039 permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago Tax dollars hard at work as always permalink parent award report block reply
Badfinz_FL 8 points 9 hours ago Time for jihad to be deported to GITMO permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 7 points 5 hours ago Will he even be arrested? permalink award report block reply
Bigstick7 4 points 3 hours ago Conservatives need to start training with firearms and hand to hand (boxing, jit jitsu, something), and stay frosty. permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 1 hour ago Why do you say he wasnt? Dude had 3 to 4 different fights. Supporting each other under lopsided ruling in crazed jurisdictions seems way more important. Dont put yourself in that situation to begin with. Dude shoulda had like 10 friends ready to stomp the life out of those people. Don't go protesting alone. Buddy system minimum. permalink parent award report block reply
penguinjay1212 1 points 1 hour ago Why do you say he wasnt? Dude had 3 to 4 different fights. Supporting each other under lopsided ruling in crazed jurisdictions seems way more important. Dont put yourself in that situation to begin with. Dude shoulda had like 10 friends ready to stomp the life out of those people. Don't go protesting alone. Buddy system minimum. permalink parent award report block reply
chuey_316 3 points 3 hours ago The left have openly and fully demonstrated that they cannot control their mental illness and are threats. Anyone who can legally carry needs to stay strapped. The victim would have been completely justified in giving this goat fucker a hole in the chest. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago At this point I think even the Democrat machine knows they lost control of the radicals on their side permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago At this point I think even the Democrat machine knows they lost control of the radicals on their side permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 3 points 6 hours ago Perfect resume for democrat politician. permalink award report block reply
Dev404 3 points 4 hours ago Gee, another beloved muslim animal that leftists eagerly bend over for. How surprising. permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 3 points 3 hours ago Criminal offense. Deport permalink award report block reply
Pats5x 3 points 4 hours ago they all work in academia, ngos or in government permalink award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 1 hour ago "dEvErSiTy iS oUr sTrEnGtH" permalink award report block reply
Ugh3rdaccount -1 points 7 hours ago Trump just said we need him though because we’re stupid. 🤷🏼‍♂️ permalink award report block reply