416 Retard posted 23 hours ago by Wizard_Glick 23 comments award share download report block
23 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save 0illuminated1 6 points 23 hours ago The word retard is meant for anyone that has something significant retarding them. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 21 hours ago It’s actually fascinating if you meditate on the language a bit. While it’s true that there are many causes of retardation and the term is correct, but people rarely use it to describe a person who is retarded due to some kind of handicap. A person who is technically retarded would likely never be called “a retard”, even though that’s a perfectly fine word and accurate. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 17 hours ago Sesame Street covered this back in the 80s. The line was "Are you a retard?" followed by "I'm not a retard, I'm retarded." The etymology of retarded suggests back (re) and slow (tardus) as the origins, but resplendent has the more accurate sounding origin of "thoroughly" as in "thoroughly slow," or "shining out" as in "you are obviously slow." Both resplendent and retarded come from the 1500s. Retard itself is a verb, where as Retarded is an adjective. This implies that calling someone a retard suggests that one is responding in the moment, as in "you are a hold back" or "you are keeping us from moving forward." This removes the idea that retard is meant to refer to a person who is mentally handicapped, but rather a person who seems like they are. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 2 points 17 hours ago Tardus is Latin for "slow".  So while it might make sense to call special people retarded logically, I reserve its use for people who should know better but are being absolutely, avoidably, inexcusably stupid. Examples include: NYC voters Islam sympathizers Your mom permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 2 points 7 hours ago So you consider retardation to be a temporary and reversible state. I like that distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago We all be a li'l 'tarded now and then, but there is always hope. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago It was the politically correct version of slow. It is kinda like how colored people got changed to people of color if you think about it. It went from a description of your current state (slow, colored) to a reasoning for what you are (retarded means you have been slowed, people of color means you belong to a group who have color). Both are instances of what I call "vocabulary chasing". Any word used to describe someone who is perceived as below average will inherently have a negative connotation because it describes someone seen as below average and will always become a slur regardless of the new term. So, these terms must rotate regularly as people forget that the new word was created to be nice or the younger generation turns it into an inevitable slur. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 16 hours ago Defective Make Stigmatizing Great Again https://ndcpd.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/16/2023/02/History-of-Stigmatizing-Names-2016.pdf permalink parent award report block reply Brickwell 3 points 19 hours ago Retarded was an early form of political correctness.  It was created to replace the medical terms Moron, Idiot and Imbecile which had all become common insults by the 1950's. permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 21 hours ago RETARD is one of the greatest words in the English diction. Anyone seeking to demonize its use is a huge fucktard. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 21 hours ago And retarded. permalink parent award report block reply awsure 3 points 23 hours ago Should be a retard tax. And if you pay the tax, you’re retard so you should probably pay it again. permalink award report block reply Cop-Morty 3 points 17 hours ago I'll call whomever I want,  RETARDED,  faggot permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 21 hours ago In reality, nobody who calls someone a retard would call a retarded person “a retard”. It’s a nuanced point of language. permalink award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago My brother is mentally impaired. I tell people my brother is retarded. That is partially because we don't know what happened to him. He was normal up until 10 or so and then went downhill and now he is effectively non verbal. He speaks but mostly nonsense. My mom says he is autistic but I am pretty sure he is schizophrenic and neither have a cure, so it doesn't matter. But instead of saying all that, I just say he is retarded. permalink parent award report block reply NewBurner04 1 points 22 hours ago 'your' permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 21 hours ago Damn, Corky. permalink parent award report block reply NewBurner04 1 points 21 hours ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply hazelknut 1 points 15 hours ago thanks for this. I have little patience for those that whine about words that have multiple meanings 'being hurtful'. same as calling someone a nerd, get the fuck over it. permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue 1 points 21 hours ago The word "Retard" rose to fame initially in the commonly used psychiatric clinical phrase "retarded psychological development" which described children and young adults who matured mentally at a slow rate.   The phrase was then abbreviated to just "retarded" and the word eventually became stigmatized and the clinical phrase was replaced with "arrested psychological development" which stuck around because "arrested" was already stigmatized for a different reason. permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 1 points 22 hours ago It means both. permalink award report block reply PunishedSnek 1 points 16 hours ago Why not both permalink award report block reply NotinmySouth 0 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
0illuminated1 6 points 23 hours ago The word retard is meant for anyone that has something significant retarding them. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 21 hours ago It’s actually fascinating if you meditate on the language a bit. While it’s true that there are many causes of retardation and the term is correct, but people rarely use it to describe a person who is retarded due to some kind of handicap. A person who is technically retarded would likely never be called “a retard”, even though that’s a perfectly fine word and accurate. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 17 hours ago Sesame Street covered this back in the 80s. The line was "Are you a retard?" followed by "I'm not a retard, I'm retarded." The etymology of retarded suggests back (re) and slow (tardus) as the origins, but resplendent has the more accurate sounding origin of "thoroughly" as in "thoroughly slow," or "shining out" as in "you are obviously slow." Both resplendent and retarded come from the 1500s. Retard itself is a verb, where as Retarded is an adjective. This implies that calling someone a retard suggests that one is responding in the moment, as in "you are a hold back" or "you are keeping us from moving forward." This removes the idea that retard is meant to refer to a person who is mentally handicapped, but rather a person who seems like they are. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 2 points 17 hours ago Tardus is Latin for "slow".  So while it might make sense to call special people retarded logically, I reserve its use for people who should know better but are being absolutely, avoidably, inexcusably stupid. Examples include: NYC voters Islam sympathizers Your mom permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 2 points 7 hours ago So you consider retardation to be a temporary and reversible state. I like that distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago We all be a li'l 'tarded now and then, but there is always hope. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago It was the politically correct version of slow. It is kinda like how colored people got changed to people of color if you think about it. It went from a description of your current state (slow, colored) to a reasoning for what you are (retarded means you have been slowed, people of color means you belong to a group who have color). Both are instances of what I call "vocabulary chasing". Any word used to describe someone who is perceived as below average will inherently have a negative connotation because it describes someone seen as below average and will always become a slur regardless of the new term. So, these terms must rotate regularly as people forget that the new word was created to be nice or the younger generation turns it into an inevitable slur. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 16 hours ago Defective Make Stigmatizing Great Again https://ndcpd.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/16/2023/02/History-of-Stigmatizing-Names-2016.pdf permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 4 points 21 hours ago It’s actually fascinating if you meditate on the language a bit. While it’s true that there are many causes of retardation and the term is correct, but people rarely use it to describe a person who is retarded due to some kind of handicap. A person who is technically retarded would likely never be called “a retard”, even though that’s a perfectly fine word and accurate. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 17 hours ago Sesame Street covered this back in the 80s. The line was "Are you a retard?" followed by "I'm not a retard, I'm retarded." The etymology of retarded suggests back (re) and slow (tardus) as the origins, but resplendent has the more accurate sounding origin of "thoroughly" as in "thoroughly slow," or "shining out" as in "you are obviously slow." Both resplendent and retarded come from the 1500s. Retard itself is a verb, where as Retarded is an adjective. This implies that calling someone a retard suggests that one is responding in the moment, as in "you are a hold back" or "you are keeping us from moving forward." This removes the idea that retard is meant to refer to a person who is mentally handicapped, but rather a person who seems like they are. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 2 points 17 hours ago Tardus is Latin for "slow".  So while it might make sense to call special people retarded logically, I reserve its use for people who should know better but are being absolutely, avoidably, inexcusably stupid. Examples include: NYC voters Islam sympathizers Your mom permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 2 points 7 hours ago So you consider retardation to be a temporary and reversible state. I like that distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago We all be a li'l 'tarded now and then, but there is always hope. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago It was the politically correct version of slow. It is kinda like how colored people got changed to people of color if you think about it. It went from a description of your current state (slow, colored) to a reasoning for what you are (retarded means you have been slowed, people of color means you belong to a group who have color). Both are instances of what I call "vocabulary chasing". Any word used to describe someone who is perceived as below average will inherently have a negative connotation because it describes someone seen as below average and will always become a slur regardless of the new term. So, these terms must rotate regularly as people forget that the new word was created to be nice or the younger generation turns it into an inevitable slur. permalink parent award report block reply
UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 17 hours ago Sesame Street covered this back in the 80s. The line was "Are you a retard?" followed by "I'm not a retard, I'm retarded." The etymology of retarded suggests back (re) and slow (tardus) as the origins, but resplendent has the more accurate sounding origin of "thoroughly" as in "thoroughly slow," or "shining out" as in "you are obviously slow." Both resplendent and retarded come from the 1500s. Retard itself is a verb, where as Retarded is an adjective. This implies that calling someone a retard suggests that one is responding in the moment, as in "you are a hold back" or "you are keeping us from moving forward." This removes the idea that retard is meant to refer to a person who is mentally handicapped, but rather a person who seems like they are. permalink parent award report block reply
Perseverant 2 points 17 hours ago Tardus is Latin for "slow".  So while it might make sense to call special people retarded logically, I reserve its use for people who should know better but are being absolutely, avoidably, inexcusably stupid. Examples include: NYC voters Islam sympathizers Your mom permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 2 points 7 hours ago So you consider retardation to be a temporary and reversible state. I like that distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago We all be a li'l 'tarded now and then, but there is always hope. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BaldyGull 2 points 7 hours ago So you consider retardation to be a temporary and reversible state. I like that distinction. permalink parent award report block reply Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago We all be a li'l 'tarded now and then, but there is always hope. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Perseverant 1 points 7 hours ago We all be a li'l 'tarded now and then, but there is always hope. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago It was the politically correct version of slow. It is kinda like how colored people got changed to people of color if you think about it. It went from a description of your current state (slow, colored) to a reasoning for what you are (retarded means you have been slowed, people of color means you belong to a group who have color). Both are instances of what I call "vocabulary chasing". Any word used to describe someone who is perceived as below average will inherently have a negative connotation because it describes someone seen as below average and will always become a slur regardless of the new term. So, these terms must rotate regularly as people forget that the new word was created to be nice or the younger generation turns it into an inevitable slur. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 16 hours ago Defective Make Stigmatizing Great Again https://ndcpd.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/16/2023/02/History-of-Stigmatizing-Names-2016.pdf permalink parent award report block reply
Brickwell 3 points 19 hours ago Retarded was an early form of political correctness.  It was created to replace the medical terms Moron, Idiot and Imbecile which had all become common insults by the 1950's. permalink award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 3 points 21 hours ago RETARD is one of the greatest words in the English diction. Anyone seeking to demonize its use is a huge fucktard. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 21 hours ago And retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 21 hours ago And retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
awsure 3 points 23 hours ago Should be a retard tax. And if you pay the tax, you’re retard so you should probably pay it again. permalink award report block reply
Cop-Morty 3 points 17 hours ago I'll call whomever I want,  RETARDED,  faggot permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 21 hours ago In reality, nobody who calls someone a retard would call a retarded person “a retard”. It’s a nuanced point of language. permalink award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago My brother is mentally impaired. I tell people my brother is retarded. That is partially because we don't know what happened to him. He was normal up until 10 or so and then went downhill and now he is effectively non verbal. He speaks but mostly nonsense. My mom says he is autistic but I am pretty sure he is schizophrenic and neither have a cure, so it doesn't matter. But instead of saying all that, I just say he is retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
BaldyGull 1 points 7 hours ago My brother is mentally impaired. I tell people my brother is retarded. That is partially because we don't know what happened to him. He was normal up until 10 or so and then went downhill and now he is effectively non verbal. He speaks but mostly nonsense. My mom says he is autistic but I am pretty sure he is schizophrenic and neither have a cure, so it doesn't matter. But instead of saying all that, I just say he is retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
NewBurner04 1 points 22 hours ago 'your' permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 21 hours ago Damn, Corky. permalink parent award report block reply NewBurner04 1 points 21 hours ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 21 hours ago Damn, Corky. permalink parent award report block reply NewBurner04 1 points 21 hours ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
NewBurner04 1 points 21 hours ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
hazelknut 1 points 15 hours ago thanks for this. I have little patience for those that whine about words that have multiple meanings 'being hurtful'. same as calling someone a nerd, get the fuck over it. permalink award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 1 points 21 hours ago The word "Retard" rose to fame initially in the commonly used psychiatric clinical phrase "retarded psychological development" which described children and young adults who matured mentally at a slow rate.   The phrase was then abbreviated to just "retarded" and the word eventually became stigmatized and the clinical phrase was replaced with "arrested psychological development" which stuck around because "arrested" was already stigmatized for a different reason. permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 1 points 22 hours ago It means both. permalink award report block reply
PunishedSnek 1 points 16 hours ago Why not both permalink award report block reply
NotinmySouth 0 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply