617 103 years old Frances Mauro Masters, “Rosie the Riveter” during World War II, rode into a Veterans Day ceremony in Royal Oak Tuesday on the back of a motorcycle.  She was there to attend a ceremony in which a Rosie the Riveter bronze statue, for which she was the inspiration, was unveiled. (www.theoaklandpress.com) posted 3 hours ago by MIMAGA 119 comments award share report block Rosie the Riveter statue unveiled at Royal Oak’s WWII memorial Mauro Masters, from New Baltimore, was there to attend a ceremony in which a Rosie the Riveter bronze statue, for which she was the inspiration, was unveiled at the Michigan WWII Legacy Memorial at… www.theoaklandpress.com
119 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Natural Way to Regrow Hair on a Bald Head HaloGrow GuerillaYourDreams 52 points 3 hours ago THIS is what a MAGA woman looks like. Stickied to honor a 103 year old patriot. permalink award report block reply Brandon1776 1 points 34 minutes ago Rosie was anti trump you fucking moron permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 49 seconds ago That was 45 years before I was born. How the hell would I know? You are the moron. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 0 points 52 minutes ago The girl in the poster for Rosie the Riveter --- is a stand-in actress ---- not a worker. permalink parent award report block reply PdwH4tesMAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 27 points 3 hours ago Feminism has ruined the US. permalink award report block reply ActNow 24 points 2 hours ago This was an American effort during wartime. The men were serving their country abroad, so the broads went to work for the war machine. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 19 points 2 hours ago Whoever down-voted you needs to log off the internet and crack open a history book. It has nothing to do with feminism. You described it accurately. The greatest generation rose to the challenge of the war effort and that included women temporarily working in factories to meet wartime demand while men stormed the battlefield...with the traditional nuclear family returning to normal immediately after the war. permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago Problem was that after the war once the men returned hone women refused to leave the work force, the aupply of labor was doubled permanently destroying wages and beginning the destruction of the nuclear family unit, all for the female ego. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 4 points 2 hours ago That came later. The 50s is know for the traditional nuclear family. Women started going to work a lot more in the 60s and 70s when the feminism movement started. But I know in the 60s, Bell (now AT&T/Verizon) made my mom wear white gloves while working as an telephone operator because society was still protective of women. But Rosie didn't cause the feminism movement. That was mostly Jewish women. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... FatigueIsReal 2 points 2 hours ago Lol.  No they didn't. That was a product of the 60s and 70s. Boomers fucked up the workforce with their "equality" bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 3 points 2 hours ago Why don't you boomer faggots look around Europe and US and see what you did? Fuck your fake history. You fucking morons sold us out. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 2 hours ago I'm Gen-X, fool. Open a book and stop acting like an overly emotional bitch. Maybe more women would act like women if men like you acted like men. permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments... KTGArtist 0 points 2 hours ago Poor child. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Brandon1776 1 points 32 minutes ago That temporary services resulted in full time work. The jews who never fight realized how much money was to be had with those dumb cunts working permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago And sportball - Tom Hanks lost a glove permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens -3 points 2 hours ago Look around the US and Europe today, the wrong side won WW2. And a lot of the feminism shit we see today started with this whore. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 2 hours ago You boomer faggots can down vote me all you want, you know I'm right. permalink parent award report block reply F_the_Admin_State 0 points 2 hours ago My great uncle dropped bombs on Nazi faggots. My grandfather helped lead naval radar development during the war... which helped us win. Every day I am thankful for them and all the other men that helped put the Nazi and Jap faggots in the ground. Germans always cuck to whatever the zeitgeist is -- whether it's eugenics and expansionism, or climate change and globalist faggotry. Just look at their history. If you think we would be better off under Germany today, you are delusional. Fuck Germany. Fuck the Soviets. Fuck the Brits, and fuck the Japs. As bad as our domestic enemies are today, I have always been, and always will be thankful to my ancestors who fought to ensure that AMERICANS are not under the thumb of some other godless empire. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 6 points 2 hours ago Good for you. Your uncle helped genocide the white race. You must be so proud. Fag. permalink parent award report block reply view 29 more comments... Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Your family were brave men protecting their family and way of life (as we're many of mine). But the crisis was manufactured. There was, in reality, no threat to our homeland or our way of life. The global war machine made untold profits, moved national boundaries, and created global governance.  And along the way, although it might not have been one of their primary goals, modern feminism was indeed spawned during that era. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... alucard13mmfmj 2 points 30 minutes ago I concur. It was a cudgel to weaken society overtime. Gonna assume with the women vote they got welfare, illegals and big ass government.. oh and all the nice tolerance crap. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 24 points 2 hours ago At the statue unveiling, Mauro Masters said “We won the war because of the boys, and I’m proud to be part of it." She never forgot the sacrifice of those young men; she honors them. permalink award report block reply TrumpSavedWesternCiv 6 points 2 hours ago But Hillary told me that women are the primary victims of war permalink parent award report block reply NdNcenti 2 points 2 hours ago I can’t imagine the number of gold stars on houses she passed by into work everyday permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 17 points 2 hours ago Americans can build stuff. Americans can be trained to build stuff. Americans can be trained to build stuff fast enough to win a war. permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago But how did women fill in the workforce gaps without a million jeets teaching them what to do? permalink parent award report block reply tarballs 9 points 3 hours ago Walking around at 103, holy shit. The covid jab she probably received, was probably improperly stored and failed to properly 'work' on her. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 15 points 3 hours ago Walking around at 103 Probably why she's made it to 103. Staying ambulatory is crucial. You stop moving and the body goes downhill quick. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 12 points 2 hours ago My Mom is 98. Still does water aerobics & daily physical therapy exercises for her back. Avid gardener. She said she'd be in a wheelchair by now if she hadn't stayed active, even when it hurts. Keep movin'. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 2 hours ago That is awesome. I was cleaning horse stalls with a friend of mine and she stopped and said, "You know, there are people in hospital beds right now who would give anything to trade places with us." She's right (and I don't mind cleaning horse stalls). permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 1 points 2 hours ago That's wonderful. My mother was very spry and active until she broke her hip during covid, didn't get good rehab, then my Dad died and my sister put her in senior living. She doesn't get out enough and from no sunshine and not very good food her eyesight has gone downhill and she doesn't get enough exercise. At 94 she's sharp as a tack but her life is boring and it's taking a toll. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 3 hours ago Holiness is a Divine attirribute, so don't attribute it to the degenerate. Don't sling words around and degrade them like the left does. permalink parent award report block reply MIMAGA OP 9 points 3 hours ago https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-statue-unveiled-at-royal-oaks-wwii-memorial/ permalink award report block reply MIMAGA OP 0 points 3 hours ago https://www.detroitnews.com/picture-gallery/media/photo/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-bronze-statue-unveiled-at-the-michigan-wwii-legacy-memorial-in-royal-oak/87219442007/ permalink parent award report block reply JesusisLordofAll777 7 points 2 hours ago Only way it could be better is if they melted the George Floyd and fat black lady looking at her cell phone statues to cast it. permalink award report block reply ActNow 6 points 3 hours ago Statue is actually a work of art. Well done. A great tribute to these women. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 6 points 3 hours ago Greatest Generation permalink award report block reply ActNow 7 points 2 hours ago AKA the Silent Generation. No whiners. They got through the Great depression and WWII. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 hour ago My mother is 103, I can relate permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens -2 points 2 hours ago The Gayest Generation These faggots sold us out to diversity. permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 1 points 1 hour ago No... that was their children, the hippie generation. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, boomers weren't even born yet during WW2. And they were just children when the 1964 Civil Rights Act destroyed our future. The Silent Generation is the WORST generation. permalink parent award report block reply PdwH4tesMAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply DWDerp 3 points 2 hours ago How many of these women are going to be called the “real” Rosie?  There have been dozens over the years. 🙄 permalink award report block reply 26magarat 2 points 1 hour ago I was going to mention that this headline gave me deja vu. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. The real one took the job and quit after just two weeks after a colleague got injured and she didn’t want hurt her hands https://www.mmsonline.com/articles/rosie-the-riveter-was-a-cellist permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago There are dozens of us permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 2 hours ago Dude 103! She looks amazing! Wtf! permalink award report block reply NdNcenti 1 points 2 hours ago That’s cool, her family must be very proud of her permalink award report block reply Wesmacker 1 points 38 minutes ago So women didn't need some foreign dumbass to show them how to build missiles, neither do we in 2025 permalink award report block reply Truthisunpopular 1 points 1 hour ago trump would have told her that she was too lazy, stupid and incompetent to do the job and imported a streetshitter to do the job. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 hours ago Since it's bronze, blm will claim she was black. permalink award report block reply covfefe77 1 points 52 minutes ago they pervaded hr tx a mil permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 0 points 2 hours ago Born to be wild Rosie! permalink award report block reply Brandon1776 0 points 34 minutes ago Fuck that stupid leftist bitch. Thanks to her and her kind they vote now permalink award report block reply deleted -1 points 3 hours ago Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 3 hours ago At least she was skilled enough to do the job properly. permalink parent award report block reply MiyamotoHolliday 0 points 3 hours ago Pretty sure she wasn't even an actual riviter and just a propaganda model. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 2 hours ago Who built the planes and tanks while the men were overseas? permalink parent award report block reply MiyamotoHolliday 2 points 2 hours ago Not propaganda models. Women did, for sure. Men who couldn't serve did too. Im saying the model for Rosie wasn't one of the women who actually riveted. permalink parent award report block reply minttea2 1 points 1 hour ago -How many Americans were in the military in WWII?  16.1 million -How many went abroad at any point:  A bit under 12 million.  And about 4 million were in combat at some point (of which about 50K were Black - 708 of which died in combat - more Japanese fighting for the US died in combat). permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago it's all fake and gay propaganda permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 3 hours ago we wuz riviters n' sheeeeeeeep permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 2 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply MIMAGA OP 2 points 3 hours ago https://www.detroitnews.com/picture-gallery/media/photo/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-bronze-statue-unveiled-at-the-michigan-wwii-legacy-memorial-in-royal-oak/87219442007/ permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 52 points 3 hours ago THIS is what a MAGA woman looks like. Stickied to honor a 103 year old patriot. permalink award report block reply Brandon1776 1 points 34 minutes ago Rosie was anti trump you fucking moron permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 49 seconds ago That was 45 years before I was born. How the hell would I know? You are the moron. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 0 points 52 minutes ago The girl in the poster for Rosie the Riveter --- is a stand-in actress ---- not a worker. permalink parent award report block reply PdwH4tesMAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Brandon1776 1 points 34 minutes ago Rosie was anti trump you fucking moron permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 49 seconds ago That was 45 years before I was born. How the hell would I know? You are the moron. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 49 seconds ago That was 45 years before I was born. How the hell would I know? You are the moron. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 0 points 52 minutes ago The girl in the poster for Rosie the Riveter --- is a stand-in actress ---- not a worker. permalink parent award report block reply
PdwH4tesMAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 27 points 3 hours ago Feminism has ruined the US. permalink award report block reply ActNow 24 points 2 hours ago This was an American effort during wartime. The men were serving their country abroad, so the broads went to work for the war machine. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 19 points 2 hours ago Whoever down-voted you needs to log off the internet and crack open a history book. It has nothing to do with feminism. You described it accurately. The greatest generation rose to the challenge of the war effort and that included women temporarily working in factories to meet wartime demand while men stormed the battlefield...with the traditional nuclear family returning to normal immediately after the war. permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago Problem was that after the war once the men returned hone women refused to leave the work force, the aupply of labor was doubled permanently destroying wages and beginning the destruction of the nuclear family unit, all for the female ego. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 4 points 2 hours ago That came later. The 50s is know for the traditional nuclear family. Women started going to work a lot more in the 60s and 70s when the feminism movement started. But I know in the 60s, Bell (now AT&T/Verizon) made my mom wear white gloves while working as an telephone operator because society was still protective of women. But Rosie didn't cause the feminism movement. That was mostly Jewish women. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... FatigueIsReal 2 points 2 hours ago Lol.  No they didn't. That was a product of the 60s and 70s. Boomers fucked up the workforce with their "equality" bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 3 points 2 hours ago Why don't you boomer faggots look around Europe and US and see what you did? Fuck your fake history. You fucking morons sold us out. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 2 hours ago I'm Gen-X, fool. Open a book and stop acting like an overly emotional bitch. Maybe more women would act like women if men like you acted like men. permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments... KTGArtist 0 points 2 hours ago Poor child. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Brandon1776 1 points 32 minutes ago That temporary services resulted in full time work. The jews who never fight realized how much money was to be had with those dumb cunts working permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago And sportball - Tom Hanks lost a glove permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens -3 points 2 hours ago Look around the US and Europe today, the wrong side won WW2. And a lot of the feminism shit we see today started with this whore. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 2 hours ago You boomer faggots can down vote me all you want, you know I'm right. permalink parent award report block reply F_the_Admin_State 0 points 2 hours ago My great uncle dropped bombs on Nazi faggots. My grandfather helped lead naval radar development during the war... which helped us win. Every day I am thankful for them and all the other men that helped put the Nazi and Jap faggots in the ground. Germans always cuck to whatever the zeitgeist is -- whether it's eugenics and expansionism, or climate change and globalist faggotry. Just look at their history. If you think we would be better off under Germany today, you are delusional. Fuck Germany. Fuck the Soviets. Fuck the Brits, and fuck the Japs. As bad as our domestic enemies are today, I have always been, and always will be thankful to my ancestors who fought to ensure that AMERICANS are not under the thumb of some other godless empire. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 6 points 2 hours ago Good for you. Your uncle helped genocide the white race. You must be so proud. Fag. permalink parent award report block reply view 29 more comments... Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Your family were brave men protecting their family and way of life (as we're many of mine). But the crisis was manufactured. There was, in reality, no threat to our homeland or our way of life. The global war machine made untold profits, moved national boundaries, and created global governance.  And along the way, although it might not have been one of their primary goals, modern feminism was indeed spawned during that era. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... alucard13mmfmj 2 points 30 minutes ago I concur. It was a cudgel to weaken society overtime. Gonna assume with the women vote they got welfare, illegals and big ass government.. oh and all the nice tolerance crap. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 24 points 2 hours ago This was an American effort during wartime. The men were serving their country abroad, so the broads went to work for the war machine. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 19 points 2 hours ago Whoever down-voted you needs to log off the internet and crack open a history book. It has nothing to do with feminism. You described it accurately. The greatest generation rose to the challenge of the war effort and that included women temporarily working in factories to meet wartime demand while men stormed the battlefield...with the traditional nuclear family returning to normal immediately after the war. permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago Problem was that after the war once the men returned hone women refused to leave the work force, the aupply of labor was doubled permanently destroying wages and beginning the destruction of the nuclear family unit, all for the female ego. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 4 points 2 hours ago That came later. The 50s is know for the traditional nuclear family. Women started going to work a lot more in the 60s and 70s when the feminism movement started. But I know in the 60s, Bell (now AT&T/Verizon) made my mom wear white gloves while working as an telephone operator because society was still protective of women. But Rosie didn't cause the feminism movement. That was mostly Jewish women. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... FatigueIsReal 2 points 2 hours ago Lol.  No they didn't. That was a product of the 60s and 70s. Boomers fucked up the workforce with their "equality" bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 3 points 2 hours ago Why don't you boomer faggots look around Europe and US and see what you did? Fuck your fake history. You fucking morons sold us out. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 2 hours ago I'm Gen-X, fool. Open a book and stop acting like an overly emotional bitch. Maybe more women would act like women if men like you acted like men. permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments... KTGArtist 0 points 2 hours ago Poor child. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Brandon1776 1 points 32 minutes ago That temporary services resulted in full time work. The jews who never fight realized how much money was to be had with those dumb cunts working permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago And sportball - Tom Hanks lost a glove permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens -3 points 2 hours ago Look around the US and Europe today, the wrong side won WW2. And a lot of the feminism shit we see today started with this whore. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 2 hours ago You boomer faggots can down vote me all you want, you know I'm right. permalink parent award report block reply F_the_Admin_State 0 points 2 hours ago My great uncle dropped bombs on Nazi faggots. My grandfather helped lead naval radar development during the war... which helped us win. Every day I am thankful for them and all the other men that helped put the Nazi and Jap faggots in the ground. Germans always cuck to whatever the zeitgeist is -- whether it's eugenics and expansionism, or climate change and globalist faggotry. Just look at their history. If you think we would be better off under Germany today, you are delusional. Fuck Germany. Fuck the Soviets. Fuck the Brits, and fuck the Japs. As bad as our domestic enemies are today, I have always been, and always will be thankful to my ancestors who fought to ensure that AMERICANS are not under the thumb of some other godless empire. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 6 points 2 hours ago Good for you. Your uncle helped genocide the white race. You must be so proud. Fag. permalink parent award report block reply view 29 more comments... Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Your family were brave men protecting their family and way of life (as we're many of mine). But the crisis was manufactured. There was, in reality, no threat to our homeland or our way of life. The global war machine made untold profits, moved national boundaries, and created global governance.  And along the way, although it might not have been one of their primary goals, modern feminism was indeed spawned during that era. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Made_in_America 19 points 2 hours ago Whoever down-voted you needs to log off the internet and crack open a history book. It has nothing to do with feminism. You described it accurately. The greatest generation rose to the challenge of the war effort and that included women temporarily working in factories to meet wartime demand while men stormed the battlefield...with the traditional nuclear family returning to normal immediately after the war. permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago Problem was that after the war once the men returned hone women refused to leave the work force, the aupply of labor was doubled permanently destroying wages and beginning the destruction of the nuclear family unit, all for the female ego. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 4 points 2 hours ago That came later. The 50s is know for the traditional nuclear family. Women started going to work a lot more in the 60s and 70s when the feminism movement started. But I know in the 60s, Bell (now AT&T/Verizon) made my mom wear white gloves while working as an telephone operator because society was still protective of women. But Rosie didn't cause the feminism movement. That was mostly Jewish women. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... FatigueIsReal 2 points 2 hours ago Lol.  No they didn't. That was a product of the 60s and 70s. Boomers fucked up the workforce with their "equality" bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 3 points 2 hours ago Why don't you boomer faggots look around Europe and US and see what you did? Fuck your fake history. You fucking morons sold us out. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 2 hours ago I'm Gen-X, fool. Open a book and stop acting like an overly emotional bitch. Maybe more women would act like women if men like you acted like men. permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments... KTGArtist 0 points 2 hours ago Poor child. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Brandon1776 1 points 32 minutes ago That temporary services resulted in full time work. The jews who never fight realized how much money was to be had with those dumb cunts working permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago And sportball - Tom Hanks lost a glove permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago Problem was that after the war once the men returned hone women refused to leave the work force, the aupply of labor was doubled permanently destroying wages and beginning the destruction of the nuclear family unit, all for the female ego. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 4 points 2 hours ago That came later. The 50s is know for the traditional nuclear family. Women started going to work a lot more in the 60s and 70s when the feminism movement started. But I know in the 60s, Bell (now AT&T/Verizon) made my mom wear white gloves while working as an telephone operator because society was still protective of women. But Rosie didn't cause the feminism movement. That was mostly Jewish women. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... FatigueIsReal 2 points 2 hours ago Lol.  No they didn't. That was a product of the 60s and 70s. Boomers fucked up the workforce with their "equality" bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
Made_in_America 4 points 2 hours ago That came later. The 50s is know for the traditional nuclear family. Women started going to work a lot more in the 60s and 70s when the feminism movement started. But I know in the 60s, Bell (now AT&T/Verizon) made my mom wear white gloves while working as an telephone operator because society was still protective of women. But Rosie didn't cause the feminism movement. That was mostly Jewish women. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
FatigueIsReal 2 points 2 hours ago Lol.  No they didn't. That was a product of the 60s and 70s. Boomers fucked up the workforce with their "equality" bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 3 points 2 hours ago Why don't you boomer faggots look around Europe and US and see what you did? Fuck your fake history. You fucking morons sold us out. permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 2 hours ago I'm Gen-X, fool. Open a book and stop acting like an overly emotional bitch. Maybe more women would act like women if men like you acted like men. permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments... KTGArtist 0 points 2 hours ago Poor child. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Made_in_America 3 points 2 hours ago I'm Gen-X, fool. Open a book and stop acting like an overly emotional bitch. Maybe more women would act like women if men like you acted like men. permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments...
KTGArtist 0 points 2 hours ago Poor child. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Brandon1776 1 points 32 minutes ago That temporary services resulted in full time work. The jews who never fight realized how much money was to be had with those dumb cunts working permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago And sportball - Tom Hanks lost a glove permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens -3 points 2 hours ago Look around the US and Europe today, the wrong side won WW2. And a lot of the feminism shit we see today started with this whore. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 2 hours ago You boomer faggots can down vote me all you want, you know I'm right. permalink parent award report block reply F_the_Admin_State 0 points 2 hours ago My great uncle dropped bombs on Nazi faggots. My grandfather helped lead naval radar development during the war... which helped us win. Every day I am thankful for them and all the other men that helped put the Nazi and Jap faggots in the ground. Germans always cuck to whatever the zeitgeist is -- whether it's eugenics and expansionism, or climate change and globalist faggotry. Just look at their history. If you think we would be better off under Germany today, you are delusional. Fuck Germany. Fuck the Soviets. Fuck the Brits, and fuck the Japs. As bad as our domestic enemies are today, I have always been, and always will be thankful to my ancestors who fought to ensure that AMERICANS are not under the thumb of some other godless empire. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 6 points 2 hours ago Good for you. Your uncle helped genocide the white race. You must be so proud. Fag. permalink parent award report block reply view 29 more comments... Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Your family were brave men protecting their family and way of life (as we're many of mine). But the crisis was manufactured. There was, in reality, no threat to our homeland or our way of life. The global war machine made untold profits, moved national boundaries, and created global governance.  And along the way, although it might not have been one of their primary goals, modern feminism was indeed spawned during that era. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
SupFrens 1 points 2 hours ago You boomer faggots can down vote me all you want, you know I'm right. permalink parent award report block reply
F_the_Admin_State 0 points 2 hours ago My great uncle dropped bombs on Nazi faggots. My grandfather helped lead naval radar development during the war... which helped us win. Every day I am thankful for them and all the other men that helped put the Nazi and Jap faggots in the ground. Germans always cuck to whatever the zeitgeist is -- whether it's eugenics and expansionism, or climate change and globalist faggotry. Just look at their history. If you think we would be better off under Germany today, you are delusional. Fuck Germany. Fuck the Soviets. Fuck the Brits, and fuck the Japs. As bad as our domestic enemies are today, I have always been, and always will be thankful to my ancestors who fought to ensure that AMERICANS are not under the thumb of some other godless empire. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 6 points 2 hours ago Good for you. Your uncle helped genocide the white race. You must be so proud. Fag. permalink parent award report block reply view 29 more comments... Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Your family were brave men protecting their family and way of life (as we're many of mine). But the crisis was manufactured. There was, in reality, no threat to our homeland or our way of life. The global war machine made untold profits, moved national boundaries, and created global governance.  And along the way, although it might not have been one of their primary goals, modern feminism was indeed spawned during that era. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
SupFrens 6 points 2 hours ago Good for you. Your uncle helped genocide the white race. You must be so proud. Fag. permalink parent award report block reply view 29 more comments...
Repentnow 0 points 2 hours ago Your family were brave men protecting their family and way of life (as we're many of mine). But the crisis was manufactured. There was, in reality, no threat to our homeland or our way of life. The global war machine made untold profits, moved national boundaries, and created global governance.  And along the way, although it might not have been one of their primary goals, modern feminism was indeed spawned during that era. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
alucard13mmfmj 2 points 30 minutes ago I concur. It was a cudgel to weaken society overtime. Gonna assume with the women vote they got welfare, illegals and big ass government.. oh and all the nice tolerance crap. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 24 points 2 hours ago At the statue unveiling, Mauro Masters said “We won the war because of the boys, and I’m proud to be part of it." She never forgot the sacrifice of those young men; she honors them. permalink award report block reply TrumpSavedWesternCiv 6 points 2 hours ago But Hillary told me that women are the primary victims of war permalink parent award report block reply NdNcenti 2 points 2 hours ago I can’t imagine the number of gold stars on houses she passed by into work everyday permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpSavedWesternCiv 6 points 2 hours ago But Hillary told me that women are the primary victims of war permalink parent award report block reply
NdNcenti 2 points 2 hours ago I can’t imagine the number of gold stars on houses she passed by into work everyday permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 17 points 2 hours ago Americans can build stuff. Americans can be trained to build stuff. Americans can be trained to build stuff fast enough to win a war. permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago But how did women fill in the workforce gaps without a million jeets teaching them what to do? permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 3 points 2 hours ago But how did women fill in the workforce gaps without a million jeets teaching them what to do? permalink parent award report block reply
tarballs 9 points 3 hours ago Walking around at 103, holy shit. The covid jab she probably received, was probably improperly stored and failed to properly 'work' on her. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 15 points 3 hours ago Walking around at 103 Probably why she's made it to 103. Staying ambulatory is crucial. You stop moving and the body goes downhill quick. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 12 points 2 hours ago My Mom is 98. Still does water aerobics & daily physical therapy exercises for her back. Avid gardener. She said she'd be in a wheelchair by now if she hadn't stayed active, even when it hurts. Keep movin'. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 2 hours ago That is awesome. I was cleaning horse stalls with a friend of mine and she stopped and said, "You know, there are people in hospital beds right now who would give anything to trade places with us." She's right (and I don't mind cleaning horse stalls). permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 1 points 2 hours ago That's wonderful. My mother was very spry and active until she broke her hip during covid, didn't get good rehab, then my Dad died and my sister put her in senior living. She doesn't get out enough and from no sunshine and not very good food her eyesight has gone downhill and she doesn't get enough exercise. At 94 she's sharp as a tack but her life is boring and it's taking a toll. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 3 hours ago Holiness is a Divine attirribute, so don't attribute it to the degenerate. Don't sling words around and degrade them like the left does. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 15 points 3 hours ago Walking around at 103 Probably why she's made it to 103. Staying ambulatory is crucial. You stop moving and the body goes downhill quick. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 12 points 2 hours ago My Mom is 98. Still does water aerobics & daily physical therapy exercises for her back. Avid gardener. She said she'd be in a wheelchair by now if she hadn't stayed active, even when it hurts. Keep movin'. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 2 hours ago That is awesome. I was cleaning horse stalls with a friend of mine and she stopped and said, "You know, there are people in hospital beds right now who would give anything to trade places with us." She's right (and I don't mind cleaning horse stalls). permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 1 points 2 hours ago That's wonderful. My mother was very spry and active until she broke her hip during covid, didn't get good rehab, then my Dad died and my sister put her in senior living. She doesn't get out enough and from no sunshine and not very good food her eyesight has gone downhill and she doesn't get enough exercise. At 94 she's sharp as a tack but her life is boring and it's taking a toll. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 12 points 2 hours ago My Mom is 98. Still does water aerobics & daily physical therapy exercises for her back. Avid gardener. She said she'd be in a wheelchair by now if she hadn't stayed active, even when it hurts. Keep movin'. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 2 hours ago That is awesome. I was cleaning horse stalls with a friend of mine and she stopped and said, "You know, there are people in hospital beds right now who would give anything to trade places with us." She's right (and I don't mind cleaning horse stalls). permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 1 points 2 hours ago That's wonderful. My mother was very spry and active until she broke her hip during covid, didn't get good rehab, then my Dad died and my sister put her in senior living. She doesn't get out enough and from no sunshine and not very good food her eyesight has gone downhill and she doesn't get enough exercise. At 94 she's sharp as a tack but her life is boring and it's taking a toll. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 9 points 2 hours ago That is awesome. I was cleaning horse stalls with a friend of mine and she stopped and said, "You know, there are people in hospital beds right now who would give anything to trade places with us." She's right (and I don't mind cleaning horse stalls). permalink parent award report block reply
ArtLife 1 points 2 hours ago That's wonderful. My mother was very spry and active until she broke her hip during covid, didn't get good rehab, then my Dad died and my sister put her in senior living. She doesn't get out enough and from no sunshine and not very good food her eyesight has gone downhill and she doesn't get enough exercise. At 94 she's sharp as a tack but her life is boring and it's taking a toll. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 3 hours ago Holiness is a Divine attirribute, so don't attribute it to the degenerate. Don't sling words around and degrade them like the left does. permalink parent award report block reply
MIMAGA OP 9 points 3 hours ago https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-statue-unveiled-at-royal-oaks-wwii-memorial/ permalink award report block reply MIMAGA OP 0 points 3 hours ago https://www.detroitnews.com/picture-gallery/media/photo/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-bronze-statue-unveiled-at-the-michigan-wwii-legacy-memorial-in-royal-oak/87219442007/ permalink parent award report block reply
MIMAGA OP 0 points 3 hours ago https://www.detroitnews.com/picture-gallery/media/photo/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-bronze-statue-unveiled-at-the-michigan-wwii-legacy-memorial-in-royal-oak/87219442007/ permalink parent award report block reply
JesusisLordofAll777 7 points 2 hours ago Only way it could be better is if they melted the George Floyd and fat black lady looking at her cell phone statues to cast it. permalink award report block reply
ActNow 6 points 3 hours ago Statue is actually a work of art. Well done. A great tribute to these women. permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 6 points 3 hours ago Greatest Generation permalink award report block reply ActNow 7 points 2 hours ago AKA the Silent Generation. No whiners. They got through the Great depression and WWII. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 hour ago My mother is 103, I can relate permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens -2 points 2 hours ago The Gayest Generation These faggots sold us out to diversity. permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 1 points 1 hour ago No... that was their children, the hippie generation. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, boomers weren't even born yet during WW2. And they were just children when the 1964 Civil Rights Act destroyed our future. The Silent Generation is the WORST generation. permalink parent award report block reply PdwH4tesMAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 7 points 2 hours ago AKA the Silent Generation. No whiners. They got through the Great depression and WWII. permalink parent award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 1 hour ago My mother is 103, I can relate permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 1 hour ago My mother is 103, I can relate permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens -2 points 2 hours ago The Gayest Generation These faggots sold us out to diversity. permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 1 points 1 hour ago No... that was their children, the hippie generation. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, boomers weren't even born yet during WW2. And they were just children when the 1964 Civil Rights Act destroyed our future. The Silent Generation is the WORST generation. permalink parent award report block reply
DontTreadOnSnek 1 points 1 hour ago No... that was their children, the hippie generation. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, boomers weren't even born yet during WW2. And they were just children when the 1964 Civil Rights Act destroyed our future. The Silent Generation is the WORST generation. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, boomers weren't even born yet during WW2. And they were just children when the 1964 Civil Rights Act destroyed our future. The Silent Generation is the WORST generation. permalink parent award report block reply
PdwH4tesMAGA 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
DWDerp 3 points 2 hours ago How many of these women are going to be called the “real” Rosie?  There have been dozens over the years. 🙄 permalink award report block reply 26magarat 2 points 1 hour ago I was going to mention that this headline gave me deja vu. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. The real one took the job and quit after just two weeks after a colleague got injured and she didn’t want hurt her hands https://www.mmsonline.com/articles/rosie-the-riveter-was-a-cellist permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago There are dozens of us permalink parent award report block reply
26magarat 2 points 1 hour ago I was going to mention that this headline gave me deja vu. permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 2 points 2 hours ago Exactly. The real one took the job and quit after just two weeks after a colleague got injured and she didn’t want hurt her hands https://www.mmsonline.com/articles/rosie-the-riveter-was-a-cellist permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 1 points 2 hours ago There are dozens of us permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 2 hours ago Dude 103! She looks amazing! Wtf! permalink award report block reply
NdNcenti 1 points 2 hours ago That’s cool, her family must be very proud of her permalink award report block reply
Wesmacker 1 points 38 minutes ago So women didn't need some foreign dumbass to show them how to build missiles, neither do we in 2025 permalink award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 1 points 1 hour ago trump would have told her that she was too lazy, stupid and incompetent to do the job and imported a streetshitter to do the job. permalink award report block reply
Repentnow 1 points 2 hours ago Since it's bronze, blm will claim she was black. permalink award report block reply
covfefe77 1 points 52 minutes ago they pervaded hr tx a mil permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 0 points 2 hours ago Born to be wild Rosie! permalink award report block reply
Brandon1776 0 points 34 minutes ago Fuck that stupid leftist bitch. Thanks to her and her kind they vote now permalink award report block reply
deleted -1 points 3 hours ago Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 3 hours ago At least she was skilled enough to do the job properly. permalink parent award report block reply MiyamotoHolliday 0 points 3 hours ago Pretty sure she wasn't even an actual riviter and just a propaganda model. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 2 hours ago Who built the planes and tanks while the men were overseas? permalink parent award report block reply MiyamotoHolliday 2 points 2 hours ago Not propaganda models. Women did, for sure. Men who couldn't serve did too. Im saying the model for Rosie wasn't one of the women who actually riveted. permalink parent award report block reply minttea2 1 points 1 hour ago -How many Americans were in the military in WWII?  16.1 million -How many went abroad at any point:  A bit under 12 million.  And about 4 million were in combat at some point (of which about 50K were Black - 708 of which died in combat - more Japanese fighting for the US died in combat). permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago it's all fake and gay propaganda permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 3 hours ago we wuz riviters n' sheeeeeeeep permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 3 hours ago At least she was skilled enough to do the job properly. permalink parent award report block reply
MiyamotoHolliday 0 points 3 hours ago Pretty sure she wasn't even an actual riviter and just a propaganda model. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 2 hours ago Who built the planes and tanks while the men were overseas? permalink parent award report block reply MiyamotoHolliday 2 points 2 hours ago Not propaganda models. Women did, for sure. Men who couldn't serve did too. Im saying the model for Rosie wasn't one of the women who actually riveted. permalink parent award report block reply minttea2 1 points 1 hour ago -How many Americans were in the military in WWII?  16.1 million -How many went abroad at any point:  A bit under 12 million.  And about 4 million were in combat at some point (of which about 50K were Black - 708 of which died in combat - more Japanese fighting for the US died in combat). permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago it's all fake and gay propaganda permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 3 hours ago we wuz riviters n' sheeeeeeeep permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 2 points 2 hours ago Who built the planes and tanks while the men were overseas? permalink parent award report block reply MiyamotoHolliday 2 points 2 hours ago Not propaganda models. Women did, for sure. Men who couldn't serve did too. Im saying the model for Rosie wasn't one of the women who actually riveted. permalink parent award report block reply minttea2 1 points 1 hour ago -How many Americans were in the military in WWII?  16.1 million -How many went abroad at any point:  A bit under 12 million.  And about 4 million were in combat at some point (of which about 50K were Black - 708 of which died in combat - more Japanese fighting for the US died in combat). permalink parent award report block reply
MiyamotoHolliday 2 points 2 hours ago Not propaganda models. Women did, for sure. Men who couldn't serve did too. Im saying the model for Rosie wasn't one of the women who actually riveted. permalink parent award report block reply
minttea2 1 points 1 hour ago -How many Americans were in the military in WWII?  16.1 million -How many went abroad at any point:  A bit under 12 million.  And about 4 million were in combat at some point (of which about 50K were Black - 708 of which died in combat - more Japanese fighting for the US died in combat). permalink parent award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago it's all fake and gay propaganda permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 3 hours ago we wuz riviters n' sheeeeeeeep permalink parent award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 2 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply MIMAGA OP 2 points 3 hours ago https://www.detroitnews.com/picture-gallery/media/photo/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-bronze-statue-unveiled-at-the-michigan-wwii-legacy-memorial-in-royal-oak/87219442007/ permalink parent award report block reply
MIMAGA OP 2 points 3 hours ago https://www.detroitnews.com/picture-gallery/media/photo/2025/11/11/rosie-the-riveter-bronze-statue-unveiled-at-the-michigan-wwii-legacy-memorial-in-royal-oak/87219442007/ permalink parent award report block reply