1226 Why have men lost interest in dating? It's a total mystery. posted 3 days ago by EgregiousPhilbin 167 comments award share download report block
167 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno harryparatestes 152 points 3 days ago Now she's a meme for the ages. permalink award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin OP 73 points 3 days ago She fits in nicely into the supermarket carriage meme with the retarded fourth wheel permalink parent award report block reply BarronVonSaltzburg26 32 points 3 days ago Are we positive she is a real "she"? permalink parent award report block reply Littlebear2015 32 points 3 days ago HIV positive. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 3 days ago Is that your recent diagnosis? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpTrain2099 -1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 27 points 3 days ago She looks like the crew member that Captain Kirk didn't fuck. permalink parent award report block reply DonnieRamesJio 10 points 3 days ago Not even a Trekkie and just doused my keyboard permalink parent award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 7 points 3 days ago KEK Walking down the hallway, he probably tightened his belt and quickened his pace when he glanced to see her standing by the door to his quarters while holding a bottle of wine with that look on her face. permalink parent award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 6 points 3 days ago Damn fine work permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 7 points 3 days ago Hey! Stop posting pictures of Urnals! permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago She fits nicely in a certain comic book from the Fairly Odd Parents. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 47 points 3 days ago Is it just me or does she look like Lord Farquaad? permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 29 points 3 days ago Jim Carey permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 3 days ago Mixed with Kate Mulgrew. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 19 points 3 days ago Reminds me of that one female comic from the '90s can't f****** think of her name for the life of me Edit: Paula poundstone Best,
Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 4 points 3 days ago Yep, Paul’s Poundstone. Liberal Les Ian who sexually abused a bunch of foster kids. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Yikes! I actually had not heard about that! Just read up on it. Jesus. And whatta ya know, the bitch is still working and in fact worked at NPR, was and apparently still is a spokesperson for American Library Association, and all of that and more well after the fact of her being charged with fucking and diddling a 12yr old girl. Keep on doing you, libs! Best, Toofy
🐸 permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 3 days ago Boxxy, solid, sloppy. You've never been in the box. It's ok. You're gay. permalink parent award report block reply Twitter 19 points 3 days ago has the same jawline as the modern Joanna Dark permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 10 points 3 days ago Those are rodent jaw pouches. I'd kill to see her rotated 90 degrees. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago I would only work for radio or print with a face like that. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 91 points 3 days ago It’s hoeflation.  Gotta work 5x as hard to get a woman 1/10th as good as your grandad had it.. permalink award report block reply aloha_snackbar22 24 points 3 days ago No matter how good of a girl you found. Always check the Coalfax. permalink parent award report block reply womp-womp-twice 9 points 2 days ago LOL haven't heard Coalfax in a while permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago What is the address that site? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 2 days ago It got shut down a long time ago permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 14 points 3 days ago I think they lied about it back then. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 3 days ago Nah. permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 5 points 3 days ago And how do you compare to your grandad? permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 64 points 3 days ago "Dating" has been feminist code for casual sex the whole time. It's just a neologism women use to delude themselves and avoid truth. Men are interested in courtship and marriage. Weak beta males are interested in "dating" some slut. permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 19 points 3 days ago What? No.. "dating" is the modern term for courtship for at least 100 years, even before modern birth control and the rise of the modern slut. Like, you're right that modern women are whores, but your wrong about the etymology of the word "dating". C'mon, stop being ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 28 points 3 days ago The term dating means something completely different today than it did even 15 years ago.  "Dating" was between two people. Occasionally there would be a date or two with someone they weren't "dating" with the goal of "going steady" being the understood objective. Today, "dating" means nonstop one night stands. Women schedule dates with multiple men with the goal being sex. Dedicated relationships are not part of the calculus.  That's not courtship. This isn't some hypothetical. You're calling someone ignorant while showing your own ignorance. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 14 points 3 days ago No in the case of women casually sleeping around they'll typically say they're "talking" these days. Dating still means dating. If Stacy says she's been talking to Chad it means they've been hooking up, if she says her and Chad are dating it means they've gone out and may or may not be officially exclusive at this time but as long as nothing unexpected happens they probably will be in the near future and in the meantime neither is actively seeking other dating options, however neither have an obligation or commitment to the other. If she says Chad is her boyfriend they are in an exclusive relationship. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 23 points 3 days ago And this shit right here is why men just don't bother anymore. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fundadores 5 points 3 days ago What region do you live in? How many times can you divide 7 into your age and get a whole number? permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago “Date” as a term was ruined by prostitutes who refer to their tricks as such. permalink parent award report block reply Lady_MaGa 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you that people date for one night stands these days.  You seem to blame and call name to the women who do this.  What are the men called who also engage in this behavior?  It had better be something like male slut or he-cunt because both are doing the same thing. Calling for one night stands. permalink parent award report block reply Ferzth 7 points 3 days ago He-Cunt.  Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Cacciali_Via 5 points 2 days ago Men are called Slut Makers ( shout out JLP). There is a double standard because men and women are different. Any, and I mean any, woman can sleep with 50 men. It takes no skill or effort. For a man to sleep with 50 women he has to be a mix of very good looking, very charasmatic, very wealthy, or high status. It's an accomplishment for a man. If a woman does it, it just means she is a slut and doesn't indicate any desirable characteristics. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 2 points 2 days ago You can be offended. I name women because women are the limiting factor to sex, not men. The sexes are not equal in this regard But strictly to answer your question, I call both men and women acting in this way degenerates and whores. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 12 points 3 days ago Last 100 years... Like I said. Modern feminist neologism. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 7 points 3 days ago Dating has turned into a team sport as women now have rosters. permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Fantasy football. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 3 days ago I read that "roosters." permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 4 points 3 days ago The concept of a love marriage was an early Victorian principle.  The US was the exception until 1890 because earlier mail order brides were sent to the frontier and were just there to labor, sometimes literally. Since then love marriage has predominated in the US while in Japan or Korea it is hard to tell if it were reached above 50%. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 4 points 3 days ago the victorians may have revived the concept in some circles, they did not invent it.   the Song of Solomon was written 1000 years before Christ and is almost completely relatable to the loving couples today, except for some scattered metaphors.  love and marriage is plugged right into our nature and our design and our destiny, the church of Christian believers is the bride of Christ! permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 10 points 3 days ago You mean you dont want to be number #176 on her list? Reeeee permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 4 points 3 days ago Correct? Reeeee? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Reeeeee. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 4 points 3 days ago But she said she's ready to settle down! permalink parent award report block reply Psarg -1 points 3 days ago BS.  It takes a month to turn a feminist into a woman begging for you to get her pregnant.  Just look like you can plausibly raise a kid for 18 years. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 9 points 3 days ago ...and then, six months later, that feminist who wanted a wedding and baby (rather than to be a wife or mother) divorces you and takes half your shit. Women are trite. Liberalism and weak fathers cultivate and enable the behavior. If you were right, we wouldn't be going extinct. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 2 days ago Crackheads are having 10 kids, winning evolution while you pay for it.  You could easily get 5 women a year pregnant and learn to dodge child support.  Extreme times require extreme measures. permalink parent award report block reply RentFree2020 42 points 3 days ago Looks like 90s actor they would hire to play a high school boy. permalink award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 16 points 3 days ago Greetings fellow high school students permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 5 points 3 days ago Boy Meets World permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 38 points 3 days ago Male standards for women are the same as they have always been.  There are just far fewer women who are not fat nutcases with insane body counts and other dudes' children.  Female standards have gone from 'a good provider' to 'a multi millionaire 10 who is OK dating a fat 30 something woman with three mixed race kids.' permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 36 points 3 days ago Looks like Dicaprio in drag permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 18 points 3 days ago Or Michael J. Fox wearing a wig. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 12 points 3 days ago Oh man now I see that even moreso lol permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 10 points 3 days ago Shit, no kidding. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 8 points 3 days ago That shop has already been making the rounds.  Yes, really. permalink parent award report block reply tiamat 26 points 3 days ago Looks like Janeway if she had a man jaw permalink award report block reply BeauHD 21 points 3 days ago Looks like Janeway if she gave up her secret smoke breaks in cargo bay 2 and gained another 25 pounds permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 13 points 3 days ago "Old Janeway" gave up coffee in one of those time traveler episodes. I can totally see it. Blowing her replicator rations on squares. Being the captain and being able to override the lockouts. permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 9 points 3 days ago It's not Janeway? permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 7 points 3 days ago So... Janeway permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Lol i said just said this without look deepee in the thread. Great minds think alike permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago That is a scenario where if being stuck on that ship with all of them, I’d hope for a big majority of females. I’d be terrified if Janeway were in the rotation. permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 6 points 3 days ago What was up with the Neelix and Kes thing? Ethan Phillips came across as a creepy old fag, and Jennifer Lien had the crazy eyes of a bipolar chick. I think that's why they axed her character. She started going crazy a few seasons in. She's a cracked out homeless chick in Knoxville now. Look that up if you don't believe me. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 4 points 3 days ago I always thought Kes was quite cute, in the girl-next-door way.  Wasn't she supposedly some short-lived species, and Neelix wanted the best for her short life.  Something like that. The actress apparently did fall apart after that role, but I didn't follow her after that show. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago Kes actually was some kind of alien host herself, so that ended up explaining why she’d want to hook up with Neelix and the show’s way of axing her maybe? Sounds like she got addicted to alcohol, she is no longer cute in the least. Nurse Ogawa would’ve been my pick to hook up with, followed by Jeri Ryan then maybe the Klingon chick. Not a lot to choose from. Jeri Ryan used to date Swallowswell or some other major creep. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 8 points 3 days ago Jeri Ryan's divorce is the reason Obama was President. She got him the uncontested Senate seat because her ex-husband dropped out of the race. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Yeah a politican favorite. Obama used her marriage drama to get into office in IL. permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 1 points 2 days ago Kes's character existed solely to be a hot chick to help boost viewership. The problem is that she wasn't hot. Hence why she was replaced by 7 of 9. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Really? Shes my wheelhouse. You can tell it that shes a dom. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 1 points 3 days ago You’re right. She’d be into it. I concede. Would. permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 16 points 3 days ago My wife told me: "good luck if we ever split, the dating pool is made up of people who work for me" That would be weirdo libs. because, the good girls are long gone to good men. I'll keep the one I got, she is a great mom and awesome wife. Plus her butt is dynamite! permalink award report block reply FirstBorn 13 points 3 days ago "Plus, her butt is dynamite!" Explosive? 🤣 🤣 🤣 (just kidding.) permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 3 days ago She sounds controlling and demeaning. But you do you. permalink parent award report block reply x79q3pb 6 points 2 days ago You have to go back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Ive been banned from reddit so many times I honestly think the amount of times I've been banned is no longer element of N permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 1 day ago What you don't understand is the tone... let me set it for you. People work for her. Ya see, she's in charge, because she's an America-first Conservative, decision maker, leader. It was a joke and in jest. She came home to tell me how one of her underlings felt "unsafe" after Donny Daddy won the election. Also that this same girl complains about the dating pool being all MAGA because we're in a military town with 5 military installations. My wife tells me that this girl is indicative of the weirdo dating pool out there.. and good luck if we ever split - said as a joke. Now you get it? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 0 points 20 hours ago Does she often make that kind of joke to belittle you? permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 17 hours ago She didnt belittle me.. you're way off on this one. Trying a little too hard to make something out of nothing. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Mindcrym 15 points 3 days ago Unless a woman is a conservative Christian,  I'll pass. permalink award report block reply KekistanPM 16 points 3 days ago The chad-chasing women who wonder "why can't I find a nice guy?" are the same ones who get so triggered when they see a portrait of a happy Christian family that they have to take her blood pressure meds. permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 3 points 2 days ago Women whose age and body count both exceed 30: "I'm TOTALLY traditional!" Maybe in a Babylonian temple whore sort of way... permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 12 points 3 days ago Stickied by a chicky. 😂 permalink award report block reply Bramage 12 points 3 days ago Who is this ugly mam? permalink award report block reply ragnarokrobo 15 points 3 days ago Jim Carrey. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 5 points 3 days ago Patton Oswalt permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Zhe is more masculine. permalink parent award report block reply MajJamesMcFarlane 2 points 2 days ago Paula Poundstone permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 2 days ago She is missing her tie. permalink parent award report block reply BrianOfNazareth 10 points 3 days ago Imagine being so far gone that you would pay money to read what she has to say. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 8 points 3 days ago Men haven't lost interest in dating.  They just can't meet women who would make a good wife and mother. permalink award report block reply Blackmore 8 points 3 days ago Because most women think too much of themselves, and that’s a turn off. permalink award report block reply corporateshizer 8 points 3 days ago Her face has Fire Marshall Bill vibes. https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b2735ba4b82358b15cd9b6a3e344 permalink award report block reply MudDog 7 points 3 days ago i only swiped right because she's friends with scooby doo permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 3 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 3 points 2 days ago zoinks permalink parent award report block reply covfefecat 6 points 3 days ago When you learn that dates are for actually for men….as in how many women are fantasizing about a date permalink award report block reply OrthodoxTemplar 6 points 3 days ago She looks like a thwomp from Mario permalink award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 3 days ago memes aside, the reality is: liability permalink award report block reply DJT_MFers1 5 points 3 days ago Smells like cat piss permalink award report block reply Tonez240 4 points 3 days ago Very masculine jawline. permalink award report block reply raptormissle 4 points 3 days ago Sweeney should have said that the commercial was intended to trigger ugly libtards and it succeeded spectacularly and that they should expect more trigger inducing commercials. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 4 points 3 days ago Take the lady yelling at the cat meme and make this her and make the cat Sydney Sweeney. permalink award report block reply least_counties_ever 4 points 3 days ago Captain Kirk? permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 4 points 3 days ago Dammit Jim, I warned you about using that TRANSporter! permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 4 points 3 days ago I only dated my husband. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 4 points 3 days ago Why are you geyh? permalink parent award report block reply RogueLeaderX 4 points 3 days ago That chin belongs on a WWE Wrestler. permalink award report block reply TrustYourself 4 points 3 days ago I feel bad for her because its soo gosh darn funny.       I am going to get my loser Cousin that sweater for Christmas  and a pair of American Eagle jeans if they make an extra wide version. permalink award report block reply TruculentGoose 4 points 3 days ago /r/divorcablefaces permalink award report block reply preferredfault 3 points 3 days ago The dumbest part is the same shit is going to happen to all the minorities and illegals they're trying to replace Americans with. You can flood the country with people, but you'll never match China in numbers nor loyalty, and you'll still get a massive population collapse, to the point that China would barely have to break a sweat to conquer the USA. Of course that's the whole point, because Democrats do China's bidding. permalink award report block reply 10MeV 4 points 3 days ago China thinks in the long term, plays the long game. Is there anyone in American politics thinking of how to position this country for success a century from now?  The Chinese do. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 2 days ago Trump...duh! permalink parent award report block reply Tulkas71 3 points 3 days ago This need wojak-i-fied by someone with the appropriate skills permalink award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 3 days ago Star Trek vibes are strong with this goober. permalink award report block reply Ferzth 5 points 3 days ago On a good day, this Captain Janeway-wannabe, could be a solid 4.  She's a handsome gal with a Quagmire chin. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 3 days ago That's a jaw only a Great White could love. permalink parent award report block reply RobinNet 3 points 3 days ago The Borg tried to assimilate her, but the Borg implants rejected her. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 3 points 3 days ago Kinda looks like an aged, defective clone of Kirsten Dunst. permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 3 days ago "Jeans are awesome! So why are you a Nazi?" permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 3 days ago If a nose (septum) ring is the number one red flag, an overly masculine and angular jawline should be a close second. permalink award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago Blue hair? permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Hair colors come and go. Jawline is genetic. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago Jaw line, meaning she is a tranny or a masculine woman? permalink parent award report block reply UncleDaddyZ 2 points 2 days ago If hubris had a face.   The sickening self assuredness that of course she is correct and everyone knows it but you.   The vain and shallow moral high ground of the helplessly inept. permalink award report block reply icehole3 2 points 2 days ago 1 hr of laying there like a dead fish, 23 hrs cray cray nuttiness. No thanks. permalink award report block reply JP1776Lover 2 points 3 days ago That's a man permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 2 points 3 days ago No way I could go back out there. Reading the stories and comments around the dating scene sounds miserable permalink award report block reply TioVanilla 2 points 3 days ago Missed this one, can somebody explain the meme? permalink award report block reply Rey_ 2 points 3 days ago You don't attract a mate, looking like you crawled out of a hovel.. All I am saying is presentation and confidence make a lot of difference. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 3 days ago https://www.vice.com/en/article/5-reasons-men-are-giving-up-on-dating/ permalink award report block reply KekistanPM 16 points 3 days ago So Vice wrote a whole story based on comments on a reddit post from random people that Vice didn't even bother reaching out to or verifying were even real people. Cutting edge 2025 journalism. permalink parent award report block reply blackdeath11 3 points 3 days ago And redditors certainly aren’t going to mention that many young women aren’t worth dating because they’re liberals that are too ugly, retarded, and/or gay permalink parent award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago And they completely ignored the actual reasons in favor of a bunch of feelings permalink parent award report block reply starjello 2 points 3 days ago Is that broad the gym teacher from Porky's. The one that practically pulled that kids pud through the peephole in the shower permalink award report block reply Aoikaze2000 2 points 3 days ago Cause maybe we want good women and not whatever garbage leftism turns them into? permalink award report block reply TrumpMagaNoBama 2 points 3 days ago Commie Bitch! permalink award report block reply RWW655 2 points 3 days ago 🤣🤣🤣 permalink award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 2 points 2 days ago Just look at this cunt. She's a Mamdani voter for sure. permalink award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 2 points 3 days ago Bitch belongs in Minecraft permalink award report block reply Melodicgrog 2 points 3 days ago I thought the character from Star Wars outlaws was a glitch. I didn’t know it was based on the character actor. permalink award report block reply Whatyougotson 2 points 2 days ago Shes looks like shes about to play a fiddle and dance with a bunch of rats. permalink award report block reply shirgall 2 points 2 days ago Is this what "passing" looks like these days? permalink award report block reply Metriz77 2 points 3 days ago she literally looks like the nazi. permalink award report block reply TrumpRideorDie74 2 points 2 days ago There's no "she" about that permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 3 days ago Bill Burr...is that you? permalink award report block reply Electrify928 1 points 2 days ago She looks like if Leonardo Decaprio and Jodie Foster had a butt child. Which is impossible because Jodie was to old for Leo when he got his start and Leo doesn't have a vageen for Jodie. permalink award report block reply ConductProbation 1 points 2 days ago Looks like some kind of Star Trek problem causation
. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 2 days ago I wonder what Austin Powers would say about this person? permalink award report block reply SoulSnipper 1 points 2 days ago They could let the gender dysphorics compete in the paralympics permalink award report block reply PensivePatriot 1 points 2 days ago This expression is pure “smug attempt to use your own belief against you” soyjack. permalink award report block reply OZJRant 1 points 2 days ago Needs to…
a Cry ?
b Fart or already has
c made a bad chess move
d didn’t want pickles in her burger but accepted it any way
e got her/him /they  pronouns wrong permalink award report block reply AJPennypacker 1 points 2 days ago Curious to know who this is, I downloaded the image and attached it to a question, who is this?, on grok.
Answer:
This is a screenshot of Kari Lake , an American politician and former television news anchor. She's known for: Running as the Republican nominee for Governor of Arizona in 2022 (lost to Katie Hobbs) Running for U.S. Senate in Arizona in 2024 (won the Republican primary, faced Democrat Ruben Gallego in the general election) Being a prominent supporter of Donald Trump and promoting election integrity claims after her 2022 loss The image shows her in an emotional moment, likely from an interview or speech—often circulated in political memes or commentary. WTF? permalink award report block reply StolenElectionsKill 2 points 2 days ago Grok is fullofshit if it said this is Kari Lake.  This is the stupid feminist bitch who tried to trap-interview Sydney Sweeney and got her ass handed to her in one sentence, and one cold, dead-eye stare. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin OP 1 points 2 days ago lol its not Kari Lake - grok cannot identify photos - happened to me one time too, it's Katherine Stoeffel
she tried to shame Sydney Sweeney for being white permalink parent award report block reply Coin-Op 0 points 2 days ago Modern females are the reason I follow the MGTOW path. Deal with it, beta simps. permalink award report block reply
harryparatestes 152 points 3 days ago Now she's a meme for the ages. permalink award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin OP 73 points 3 days ago She fits in nicely into the supermarket carriage meme with the retarded fourth wheel permalink parent award report block reply BarronVonSaltzburg26 32 points 3 days ago Are we positive she is a real "she"? permalink parent award report block reply Littlebear2015 32 points 3 days ago HIV positive. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 3 days ago Is that your recent diagnosis? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpTrain2099 -1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 27 points 3 days ago She looks like the crew member that Captain Kirk didn't fuck. permalink parent award report block reply DonnieRamesJio 10 points 3 days ago Not even a Trekkie and just doused my keyboard permalink parent award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 7 points 3 days ago KEK Walking down the hallway, he probably tightened his belt and quickened his pace when he glanced to see her standing by the door to his quarters while holding a bottle of wine with that look on her face. permalink parent award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 6 points 3 days ago Damn fine work permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 7 points 3 days ago Hey! Stop posting pictures of Urnals! permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago She fits nicely in a certain comic book from the Fairly Odd Parents. permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 47 points 3 days ago Is it just me or does she look like Lord Farquaad? permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 29 points 3 days ago Jim Carey permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 3 days ago Mixed with Kate Mulgrew. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 19 points 3 days ago Reminds me of that one female comic from the '90s can't f****** think of her name for the life of me Edit: Paula poundstone Best,
Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 4 points 3 days ago Yep, Paul’s Poundstone. Liberal Les Ian who sexually abused a bunch of foster kids. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Yikes! I actually had not heard about that! Just read up on it. Jesus. And whatta ya know, the bitch is still working and in fact worked at NPR, was and apparently still is a spokesperson for American Library Association, and all of that and more well after the fact of her being charged with fucking and diddling a 12yr old girl. Keep on doing you, libs! Best, Toofy
🐸 permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 3 days ago Boxxy, solid, sloppy. You've never been in the box. It's ok. You're gay. permalink parent award report block reply Twitter 19 points 3 days ago has the same jawline as the modern Joanna Dark permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 10 points 3 days ago Those are rodent jaw pouches. I'd kill to see her rotated 90 degrees. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago I would only work for radio or print with a face like that. permalink parent award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin OP 73 points 3 days ago She fits in nicely into the supermarket carriage meme with the retarded fourth wheel permalink parent award report block reply BarronVonSaltzburg26 32 points 3 days ago Are we positive she is a real "she"? permalink parent award report block reply Littlebear2015 32 points 3 days ago HIV positive. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 3 days ago Is that your recent diagnosis? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpTrain2099 -1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 27 points 3 days ago She looks like the crew member that Captain Kirk didn't fuck. permalink parent award report block reply DonnieRamesJio 10 points 3 days ago Not even a Trekkie and just doused my keyboard permalink parent award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 7 points 3 days ago KEK Walking down the hallway, he probably tightened his belt and quickened his pace when he glanced to see her standing by the door to his quarters while holding a bottle of wine with that look on her face. permalink parent award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 6 points 3 days ago Damn fine work permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 7 points 3 days ago Hey! Stop posting pictures of Urnals! permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago She fits nicely in a certain comic book from the Fairly Odd Parents. permalink parent award report block reply
BarronVonSaltzburg26 32 points 3 days ago Are we positive she is a real "she"? permalink parent award report block reply Littlebear2015 32 points 3 days ago HIV positive. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 3 days ago Is that your recent diagnosis? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpTrain2099 -1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 27 points 3 days ago She looks like the crew member that Captain Kirk didn't fuck. permalink parent award report block reply DonnieRamesJio 10 points 3 days ago Not even a Trekkie and just doused my keyboard permalink parent award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 7 points 3 days ago KEK Walking down the hallway, he probably tightened his belt and quickened his pace when he glanced to see her standing by the door to his quarters while holding a bottle of wine with that look on her face. permalink parent award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 6 points 3 days ago Damn fine work permalink parent award report block reply
Littlebear2015 32 points 3 days ago HIV positive. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 4 points 3 days ago Is that your recent diagnosis? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpTrain2099 -1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 4 points 3 days ago Is that your recent diagnosis? permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpTrain2099 -1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
GallowsTime 27 points 3 days ago She looks like the crew member that Captain Kirk didn't fuck. permalink parent award report block reply DonnieRamesJio 10 points 3 days ago Not even a Trekkie and just doused my keyboard permalink parent award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 7 points 3 days ago KEK Walking down the hallway, he probably tightened his belt and quickened his pace when he glanced to see her standing by the door to his quarters while holding a bottle of wine with that look on her face. permalink parent award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 6 points 3 days ago Damn fine work permalink parent award report block reply
DonnieRamesJio 10 points 3 days ago Not even a Trekkie and just doused my keyboard permalink parent award report block reply
LiveFreeInXorDie 7 points 3 days ago KEK Walking down the hallway, he probably tightened his belt and quickened his pace when he glanced to see her standing by the door to his quarters while holding a bottle of wine with that look on her face. permalink parent award report block reply
EastTexasMadLad 6 points 3 days ago Damn fine work permalink parent award report block reply
The_Return_of_User_x 7 points 3 days ago Hey! Stop posting pictures of Urnals! permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago She fits nicely in a certain comic book from the Fairly Odd Parents. permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 47 points 3 days ago Is it just me or does she look like Lord Farquaad? permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 29 points 3 days ago Jim Carey permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 3 days ago Mixed with Kate Mulgrew. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 19 points 3 days ago Reminds me of that one female comic from the '90s can't f****** think of her name for the life of me Edit: Paula poundstone Best,
Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 4 points 3 days ago Yep, Paul’s Poundstone. Liberal Les Ian who sexually abused a bunch of foster kids. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Yikes! I actually had not heard about that! Just read up on it. Jesus. And whatta ya know, the bitch is still working and in fact worked at NPR, was and apparently still is a spokesperson for American Library Association, and all of that and more well after the fact of her being charged with fucking and diddling a 12yr old girl. Keep on doing you, libs! Best, Toofy
🐸 permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Mortal_Wombat 2 points 3 days ago Boxxy, solid, sloppy. You've never been in the box. It's ok. You're gay. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 29 points 3 days ago Jim Carey permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 3 days ago Mixed with Kate Mulgrew. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 8 points 3 days ago Mixed with Kate Mulgrew. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackToof_Grin 19 points 3 days ago Reminds me of that one female comic from the '90s can't f****** think of her name for the life of me Edit: Paula poundstone Best,
Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 4 points 3 days ago Yep, Paul’s Poundstone. Liberal Les Ian who sexually abused a bunch of foster kids. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Yikes! I actually had not heard about that! Just read up on it. Jesus. And whatta ya know, the bitch is still working and in fact worked at NPR, was and apparently still is a spokesperson for American Library Association, and all of that and more well after the fact of her being charged with fucking and diddling a 12yr old girl. Keep on doing you, libs! Best, Toofy
🐸 permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DanIsSwell 4 points 3 days ago Yep, Paul’s Poundstone. Liberal Les Ian who sexually abused a bunch of foster kids. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Yikes! I actually had not heard about that! Just read up on it. Jesus. And whatta ya know, the bitch is still working and in fact worked at NPR, was and apparently still is a spokesperson for American Library Association, and all of that and more well after the fact of her being charged with fucking and diddling a 12yr old girl. Keep on doing you, libs! Best, Toofy
🐸 permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Yikes! I actually had not heard about that! Just read up on it. Jesus. And whatta ya know, the bitch is still working and in fact worked at NPR, was and apparently still is a spokesperson for American Library Association, and all of that and more well after the fact of her being charged with fucking and diddling a 12yr old girl. Keep on doing you, libs! Best, Toofy
🐸 permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Mortal_Wombat 2 points 3 days ago Boxxy, solid, sloppy. You've never been in the box. It's ok. You're gay. permalink parent award report block reply
Twitter 19 points 3 days ago has the same jawline as the modern Joanna Dark permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 10 points 3 days ago Those are rodent jaw pouches. I'd kill to see her rotated 90 degrees. permalink parent award report block reply
GarlicFart1776 10 points 3 days ago Those are rodent jaw pouches. I'd kill to see her rotated 90 degrees. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 1 points 2 days ago I would only work for radio or print with a face like that. permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 91 points 3 days ago It’s hoeflation.  Gotta work 5x as hard to get a woman 1/10th as good as your grandad had it.. permalink award report block reply aloha_snackbar22 24 points 3 days ago No matter how good of a girl you found. Always check the Coalfax. permalink parent award report block reply womp-womp-twice 9 points 2 days ago LOL haven't heard Coalfax in a while permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago What is the address that site? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 2 days ago It got shut down a long time ago permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 14 points 3 days ago I think they lied about it back then. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 3 days ago Nah. permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 5 points 3 days ago And how do you compare to your grandad? permalink parent award report block reply
aloha_snackbar22 24 points 3 days ago No matter how good of a girl you found. Always check the Coalfax. permalink parent award report block reply womp-womp-twice 9 points 2 days ago LOL haven't heard Coalfax in a while permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago What is the address that site? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 2 days ago It got shut down a long time ago permalink parent award report block reply
womp-womp-twice 9 points 2 days ago LOL haven't heard Coalfax in a while permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago What is the address that site? permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 2 days ago It got shut down a long time ago permalink parent award report block reply
ViagraFalls 1 points 2 days ago It got shut down a long time ago permalink parent award report block reply
HelluvaEngineer 14 points 3 days ago I think they lied about it back then. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 3 days ago Nah. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 14 points 3 days ago Nah. permalink parent award report block reply
MaoHadOnly1Testicle 5 points 3 days ago And how do you compare to your grandad? permalink parent award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 64 points 3 days ago "Dating" has been feminist code for casual sex the whole time. It's just a neologism women use to delude themselves and avoid truth. Men are interested in courtship and marriage. Weak beta males are interested in "dating" some slut. permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 19 points 3 days ago What? No.. "dating" is the modern term for courtship for at least 100 years, even before modern birth control and the rise of the modern slut. Like, you're right that modern women are whores, but your wrong about the etymology of the word "dating". C'mon, stop being ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 28 points 3 days ago The term dating means something completely different today than it did even 15 years ago.  "Dating" was between two people. Occasionally there would be a date or two with someone they weren't "dating" with the goal of "going steady" being the understood objective. Today, "dating" means nonstop one night stands. Women schedule dates with multiple men with the goal being sex. Dedicated relationships are not part of the calculus.  That's not courtship. This isn't some hypothetical. You're calling someone ignorant while showing your own ignorance. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 14 points 3 days ago No in the case of women casually sleeping around they'll typically say they're "talking" these days. Dating still means dating. If Stacy says she's been talking to Chad it means they've been hooking up, if she says her and Chad are dating it means they've gone out and may or may not be officially exclusive at this time but as long as nothing unexpected happens they probably will be in the near future and in the meantime neither is actively seeking other dating options, however neither have an obligation or commitment to the other. If she says Chad is her boyfriend they are in an exclusive relationship. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 23 points 3 days ago And this shit right here is why men just don't bother anymore. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fundadores 5 points 3 days ago What region do you live in? How many times can you divide 7 into your age and get a whole number? permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago “Date” as a term was ruined by prostitutes who refer to their tricks as such. permalink parent award report block reply Lady_MaGa 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you that people date for one night stands these days.  You seem to blame and call name to the women who do this.  What are the men called who also engage in this behavior?  It had better be something like male slut or he-cunt because both are doing the same thing. Calling for one night stands. permalink parent award report block reply Ferzth 7 points 3 days ago He-Cunt.  Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Cacciali_Via 5 points 2 days ago Men are called Slut Makers ( shout out JLP). There is a double standard because men and women are different. Any, and I mean any, woman can sleep with 50 men. It takes no skill or effort. For a man to sleep with 50 women he has to be a mix of very good looking, very charasmatic, very wealthy, or high status. It's an accomplishment for a man. If a woman does it, it just means she is a slut and doesn't indicate any desirable characteristics. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 2 points 2 days ago You can be offended. I name women because women are the limiting factor to sex, not men. The sexes are not equal in this regard But strictly to answer your question, I call both men and women acting in this way degenerates and whores. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 12 points 3 days ago Last 100 years... Like I said. Modern feminist neologism. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 7 points 3 days ago Dating has turned into a team sport as women now have rosters. permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Fantasy football. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 3 days ago I read that "roosters." permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 4 points 3 days ago The concept of a love marriage was an early Victorian principle.  The US was the exception until 1890 because earlier mail order brides were sent to the frontier and were just there to labor, sometimes literally. Since then love marriage has predominated in the US while in Japan or Korea it is hard to tell if it were reached above 50%. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 4 points 3 days ago the victorians may have revived the concept in some circles, they did not invent it.   the Song of Solomon was written 1000 years before Christ and is almost completely relatable to the loving couples today, except for some scattered metaphors.  love and marriage is plugged right into our nature and our design and our destiny, the church of Christian believers is the bride of Christ! permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 10 points 3 days ago You mean you dont want to be number #176 on her list? Reeeee permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 4 points 3 days ago Correct? Reeeee? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Reeeeee. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 4 points 3 days ago But she said she's ready to settle down! permalink parent award report block reply Psarg -1 points 3 days ago BS.  It takes a month to turn a feminist into a woman begging for you to get her pregnant.  Just look like you can plausibly raise a kid for 18 years. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 9 points 3 days ago ...and then, six months later, that feminist who wanted a wedding and baby (rather than to be a wife or mother) divorces you and takes half your shit. Women are trite. Liberalism and weak fathers cultivate and enable the behavior. If you were right, we wouldn't be going extinct. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 2 days ago Crackheads are having 10 kids, winning evolution while you pay for it.  You could easily get 5 women a year pregnant and learn to dodge child support.  Extreme times require extreme measures. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 19 points 3 days ago What? No.. "dating" is the modern term for courtship for at least 100 years, even before modern birth control and the rise of the modern slut. Like, you're right that modern women are whores, but your wrong about the etymology of the word "dating". C'mon, stop being ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 28 points 3 days ago The term dating means something completely different today than it did even 15 years ago.  "Dating" was between two people. Occasionally there would be a date or two with someone they weren't "dating" with the goal of "going steady" being the understood objective. Today, "dating" means nonstop one night stands. Women schedule dates with multiple men with the goal being sex. Dedicated relationships are not part of the calculus.  That's not courtship. This isn't some hypothetical. You're calling someone ignorant while showing your own ignorance. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 14 points 3 days ago No in the case of women casually sleeping around they'll typically say they're "talking" these days. Dating still means dating. If Stacy says she's been talking to Chad it means they've been hooking up, if she says her and Chad are dating it means they've gone out and may or may not be officially exclusive at this time but as long as nothing unexpected happens they probably will be in the near future and in the meantime neither is actively seeking other dating options, however neither have an obligation or commitment to the other. If she says Chad is her boyfriend they are in an exclusive relationship. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 23 points 3 days ago And this shit right here is why men just don't bother anymore. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fundadores 5 points 3 days ago What region do you live in? How many times can you divide 7 into your age and get a whole number? permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago “Date” as a term was ruined by prostitutes who refer to their tricks as such. permalink parent award report block reply Lady_MaGa 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you that people date for one night stands these days.  You seem to blame and call name to the women who do this.  What are the men called who also engage in this behavior?  It had better be something like male slut or he-cunt because both are doing the same thing. Calling for one night stands. permalink parent award report block reply Ferzth 7 points 3 days ago He-Cunt.  Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Cacciali_Via 5 points 2 days ago Men are called Slut Makers ( shout out JLP). There is a double standard because men and women are different. Any, and I mean any, woman can sleep with 50 men. It takes no skill or effort. For a man to sleep with 50 women he has to be a mix of very good looking, very charasmatic, very wealthy, or high status. It's an accomplishment for a man. If a woman does it, it just means she is a slut and doesn't indicate any desirable characteristics. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 2 points 2 days ago You can be offended. I name women because women are the limiting factor to sex, not men. The sexes are not equal in this regard But strictly to answer your question, I call both men and women acting in this way degenerates and whores. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 12 points 3 days ago Last 100 years... Like I said. Modern feminist neologism. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 7 points 3 days ago Dating has turned into a team sport as women now have rosters. permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Fantasy football. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 3 days ago I read that "roosters." permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 4 points 3 days ago The concept of a love marriage was an early Victorian principle.  The US was the exception until 1890 because earlier mail order brides were sent to the frontier and were just there to labor, sometimes literally. Since then love marriage has predominated in the US while in Japan or Korea it is hard to tell if it were reached above 50%. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 4 points 3 days ago the victorians may have revived the concept in some circles, they did not invent it.   the Song of Solomon was written 1000 years before Christ and is almost completely relatable to the loving couples today, except for some scattered metaphors.  love and marriage is plugged right into our nature and our design and our destiny, the church of Christian believers is the bride of Christ! permalink parent award report block reply
Husky 28 points 3 days ago The term dating means something completely different today than it did even 15 years ago.  "Dating" was between two people. Occasionally there would be a date or two with someone they weren't "dating" with the goal of "going steady" being the understood objective. Today, "dating" means nonstop one night stands. Women schedule dates with multiple men with the goal being sex. Dedicated relationships are not part of the calculus.  That's not courtship. This isn't some hypothetical. You're calling someone ignorant while showing your own ignorance. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 14 points 3 days ago No in the case of women casually sleeping around they'll typically say they're "talking" these days. Dating still means dating. If Stacy says she's been talking to Chad it means they've been hooking up, if she says her and Chad are dating it means they've gone out and may or may not be officially exclusive at this time but as long as nothing unexpected happens they probably will be in the near future and in the meantime neither is actively seeking other dating options, however neither have an obligation or commitment to the other. If she says Chad is her boyfriend they are in an exclusive relationship. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 23 points 3 days ago And this shit right here is why men just don't bother anymore. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fundadores 5 points 3 days ago What region do you live in? How many times can you divide 7 into your age and get a whole number? permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago “Date” as a term was ruined by prostitutes who refer to their tricks as such. permalink parent award report block reply Lady_MaGa 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you that people date for one night stands these days.  You seem to blame and call name to the women who do this.  What are the men called who also engage in this behavior?  It had better be something like male slut or he-cunt because both are doing the same thing. Calling for one night stands. permalink parent award report block reply Ferzth 7 points 3 days ago He-Cunt.  Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Cacciali_Via 5 points 2 days ago Men are called Slut Makers ( shout out JLP). There is a double standard because men and women are different. Any, and I mean any, woman can sleep with 50 men. It takes no skill or effort. For a man to sleep with 50 women he has to be a mix of very good looking, very charasmatic, very wealthy, or high status. It's an accomplishment for a man. If a woman does it, it just means she is a slut and doesn't indicate any desirable characteristics. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 2 points 2 days ago You can be offended. I name women because women are the limiting factor to sex, not men. The sexes are not equal in this regard But strictly to answer your question, I call both men and women acting in this way degenerates and whores. permalink parent award report block reply
Nerdrem3 14 points 3 days ago No in the case of women casually sleeping around they'll typically say they're "talking" these days. Dating still means dating. If Stacy says she's been talking to Chad it means they've been hooking up, if she says her and Chad are dating it means they've gone out and may or may not be officially exclusive at this time but as long as nothing unexpected happens they probably will be in the near future and in the meantime neither is actively seeking other dating options, however neither have an obligation or commitment to the other. If she says Chad is her boyfriend they are in an exclusive relationship. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 23 points 3 days ago And this shit right here is why men just don't bother anymore. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Fundadores 5 points 3 days ago What region do you live in? How many times can you divide 7 into your age and get a whole number? permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 23 points 3 days ago And this shit right here is why men just don't bother anymore. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Fundadores 5 points 3 days ago What region do you live in? How many times can you divide 7 into your age and get a whole number? permalink parent award report block reply
PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago “Date” as a term was ruined by prostitutes who refer to their tricks as such. permalink parent award report block reply
Lady_MaGa 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you that people date for one night stands these days.  You seem to blame and call name to the women who do this.  What are the men called who also engage in this behavior?  It had better be something like male slut or he-cunt because both are doing the same thing. Calling for one night stands. permalink parent award report block reply Ferzth 7 points 3 days ago He-Cunt.  Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Cacciali_Via 5 points 2 days ago Men are called Slut Makers ( shout out JLP). There is a double standard because men and women are different. Any, and I mean any, woman can sleep with 50 men. It takes no skill or effort. For a man to sleep with 50 women he has to be a mix of very good looking, very charasmatic, very wealthy, or high status. It's an accomplishment for a man. If a woman does it, it just means she is a slut and doesn't indicate any desirable characteristics. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 2 points 2 days ago You can be offended. I name women because women are the limiting factor to sex, not men. The sexes are not equal in this regard But strictly to answer your question, I call both men and women acting in this way degenerates and whores. permalink parent award report block reply
Ferzth 7 points 3 days ago He-Cunt.  Lol. permalink parent award report block reply
Cacciali_Via 5 points 2 days ago Men are called Slut Makers ( shout out JLP). There is a double standard because men and women are different. Any, and I mean any, woman can sleep with 50 men. It takes no skill or effort. For a man to sleep with 50 women he has to be a mix of very good looking, very charasmatic, very wealthy, or high status. It's an accomplishment for a man. If a woman does it, it just means she is a slut and doesn't indicate any desirable characteristics. permalink parent award report block reply
Husky 2 points 2 days ago You can be offended. I name women because women are the limiting factor to sex, not men. The sexes are not equal in this regard But strictly to answer your question, I call both men and women acting in this way degenerates and whores. permalink parent award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 12 points 3 days ago Last 100 years... Like I said. Modern feminist neologism. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 7 points 3 days ago Dating has turned into a team sport as women now have rosters. permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Fantasy football. permalink parent award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 3 days ago I read that "roosters." permalink parent award report block reply
Induceddrag 3 points 3 days ago Fantasy football. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 3 points 3 days ago I read that "roosters." permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker 4 points 3 days ago The concept of a love marriage was an early Victorian principle.  The US was the exception until 1890 because earlier mail order brides were sent to the frontier and were just there to labor, sometimes literally. Since then love marriage has predominated in the US while in Japan or Korea it is hard to tell if it were reached above 50%. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 4 points 3 days ago the victorians may have revived the concept in some circles, they did not invent it.   the Song of Solomon was written 1000 years before Christ and is almost completely relatable to the loving couples today, except for some scattered metaphors.  love and marriage is plugged right into our nature and our design and our destiny, the church of Christian believers is the bride of Christ! permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 4 points 3 days ago the victorians may have revived the concept in some circles, they did not invent it.   the Song of Solomon was written 1000 years before Christ and is almost completely relatable to the loving couples today, except for some scattered metaphors.  love and marriage is plugged right into our nature and our design and our destiny, the church of Christian believers is the bride of Christ! permalink parent award report block reply
canada_is_communist 10 points 3 days ago You mean you dont want to be number #176 on her list? Reeeee permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 4 points 3 days ago Correct? Reeeee? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Reeeeee. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 4 points 3 days ago But she said she's ready to settle down! permalink parent award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 4 points 3 days ago Correct? Reeeee? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Reeeeee. permalink parent award report block reply
canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Reeeeee. permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 4 points 3 days ago But she said she's ready to settle down! permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg -1 points 3 days ago BS.  It takes a month to turn a feminist into a woman begging for you to get her pregnant.  Just look like you can plausibly raise a kid for 18 years. permalink parent award report block reply Ch3f4554551n 9 points 3 days ago ...and then, six months later, that feminist who wanted a wedding and baby (rather than to be a wife or mother) divorces you and takes half your shit. Women are trite. Liberalism and weak fathers cultivate and enable the behavior. If you were right, we wouldn't be going extinct. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 2 days ago Crackheads are having 10 kids, winning evolution while you pay for it.  You could easily get 5 women a year pregnant and learn to dodge child support.  Extreme times require extreme measures. permalink parent award report block reply
Ch3f4554551n 9 points 3 days ago ...and then, six months later, that feminist who wanted a wedding and baby (rather than to be a wife or mother) divorces you and takes half your shit. Women are trite. Liberalism and weak fathers cultivate and enable the behavior. If you were right, we wouldn't be going extinct. permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 1 points 2 days ago Crackheads are having 10 kids, winning evolution while you pay for it.  You could easily get 5 women a year pregnant and learn to dodge child support.  Extreme times require extreme measures. permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 1 points 2 days ago Crackheads are having 10 kids, winning evolution while you pay for it.  You could easily get 5 women a year pregnant and learn to dodge child support.  Extreme times require extreme measures. permalink parent award report block reply
RentFree2020 42 points 3 days ago Looks like 90s actor they would hire to play a high school boy. permalink award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 16 points 3 days ago Greetings fellow high school students permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 5 points 3 days ago Boy Meets World permalink parent award report block reply
HelluvaEngineer 16 points 3 days ago Greetings fellow high school students permalink parent award report block reply
GarlicFart1776 5 points 3 days ago Boy Meets World permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 38 points 3 days ago Male standards for women are the same as they have always been.  There are just far fewer women who are not fat nutcases with insane body counts and other dudes' children.  Female standards have gone from 'a good provider' to 'a multi millionaire 10 who is OK dating a fat 30 something woman with three mixed race kids.' permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 36 points 3 days ago Looks like Dicaprio in drag permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 18 points 3 days ago Or Michael J. Fox wearing a wig. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 12 points 3 days ago Oh man now I see that even moreso lol permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 10 points 3 days ago Shit, no kidding. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 8 points 3 days ago That shop has already been making the rounds.  Yes, really. permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 18 points 3 days ago Or Michael J. Fox wearing a wig. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 12 points 3 days ago Oh man now I see that even moreso lol permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 12 points 3 days ago Oh man now I see that even moreso lol permalink parent award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 10 points 3 days ago Shit, no kidding. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 8 points 3 days ago That shop has already been making the rounds.  Yes, really. permalink parent award report block reply
tiamat 26 points 3 days ago Looks like Janeway if she had a man jaw permalink award report block reply BeauHD 21 points 3 days ago Looks like Janeway if she gave up her secret smoke breaks in cargo bay 2 and gained another 25 pounds permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 13 points 3 days ago "Old Janeway" gave up coffee in one of those time traveler episodes. I can totally see it. Blowing her replicator rations on squares. Being the captain and being able to override the lockouts. permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 9 points 3 days ago It's not Janeway? permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 7 points 3 days ago So... Janeway permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Lol i said just said this without look deepee in the thread. Great minds think alike permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago That is a scenario where if being stuck on that ship with all of them, I’d hope for a big majority of females. I’d be terrified if Janeway were in the rotation. permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 6 points 3 days ago What was up with the Neelix and Kes thing? Ethan Phillips came across as a creepy old fag, and Jennifer Lien had the crazy eyes of a bipolar chick. I think that's why they axed her character. She started going crazy a few seasons in. She's a cracked out homeless chick in Knoxville now. Look that up if you don't believe me. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 4 points 3 days ago I always thought Kes was quite cute, in the girl-next-door way.  Wasn't she supposedly some short-lived species, and Neelix wanted the best for her short life.  Something like that. The actress apparently did fall apart after that role, but I didn't follow her after that show. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago Kes actually was some kind of alien host herself, so that ended up explaining why she’d want to hook up with Neelix and the show’s way of axing her maybe? Sounds like she got addicted to alcohol, she is no longer cute in the least. Nurse Ogawa would’ve been my pick to hook up with, followed by Jeri Ryan then maybe the Klingon chick. Not a lot to choose from. Jeri Ryan used to date Swallowswell or some other major creep. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 8 points 3 days ago Jeri Ryan's divorce is the reason Obama was President. She got him the uncontested Senate seat because her ex-husband dropped out of the race. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Yeah a politican favorite. Obama used her marriage drama to get into office in IL. permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 1 points 2 days ago Kes's character existed solely to be a hot chick to help boost viewership. The problem is that she wasn't hot. Hence why she was replaced by 7 of 9. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Really? Shes my wheelhouse. You can tell it that shes a dom. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 1 points 3 days ago You’re right. She’d be into it. I concede. Would. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 21 points 3 days ago Looks like Janeway if she gave up her secret smoke breaks in cargo bay 2 and gained another 25 pounds permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 13 points 3 days ago "Old Janeway" gave up coffee in one of those time traveler episodes. I can totally see it. Blowing her replicator rations on squares. Being the captain and being able to override the lockouts. permalink parent award report block reply
GarlicFart1776 13 points 3 days ago "Old Janeway" gave up coffee in one of those time traveler episodes. I can totally see it. Blowing her replicator rations on squares. Being the captain and being able to override the lockouts. permalink parent award report block reply
infinitysupreme 9 points 3 days ago It's not Janeway? permalink parent award report block reply
bejeavis 7 points 3 days ago So... Janeway permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Lol i said just said this without look deepee in the thread. Great minds think alike permalink parent award report block reply
Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago That is a scenario where if being stuck on that ship with all of them, I’d hope for a big majority of females. I’d be terrified if Janeway were in the rotation. permalink parent award report block reply GarlicFart1776 6 points 3 days ago What was up with the Neelix and Kes thing? Ethan Phillips came across as a creepy old fag, and Jennifer Lien had the crazy eyes of a bipolar chick. I think that's why they axed her character. She started going crazy a few seasons in. She's a cracked out homeless chick in Knoxville now. Look that up if you don't believe me. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 4 points 3 days ago I always thought Kes was quite cute, in the girl-next-door way.  Wasn't she supposedly some short-lived species, and Neelix wanted the best for her short life.  Something like that. The actress apparently did fall apart after that role, but I didn't follow her after that show. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago Kes actually was some kind of alien host herself, so that ended up explaining why she’d want to hook up with Neelix and the show’s way of axing her maybe? Sounds like she got addicted to alcohol, she is no longer cute in the least. Nurse Ogawa would’ve been my pick to hook up with, followed by Jeri Ryan then maybe the Klingon chick. Not a lot to choose from. Jeri Ryan used to date Swallowswell or some other major creep. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 8 points 3 days ago Jeri Ryan's divorce is the reason Obama was President. She got him the uncontested Senate seat because her ex-husband dropped out of the race. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Yeah a politican favorite. Obama used her marriage drama to get into office in IL. permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 1 points 2 days ago Kes's character existed solely to be a hot chick to help boost viewership. The problem is that she wasn't hot. Hence why she was replaced by 7 of 9. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Really? Shes my wheelhouse. You can tell it that shes a dom. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 1 points 3 days ago You’re right. She’d be into it. I concede. Would. permalink parent award report block reply
GarlicFart1776 6 points 3 days ago What was up with the Neelix and Kes thing? Ethan Phillips came across as a creepy old fag, and Jennifer Lien had the crazy eyes of a bipolar chick. I think that's why they axed her character. She started going crazy a few seasons in. She's a cracked out homeless chick in Knoxville now. Look that up if you don't believe me. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 4 points 3 days ago I always thought Kes was quite cute, in the girl-next-door way.  Wasn't she supposedly some short-lived species, and Neelix wanted the best for her short life.  Something like that. The actress apparently did fall apart after that role, but I didn't follow her after that show. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago Kes actually was some kind of alien host herself, so that ended up explaining why she’d want to hook up with Neelix and the show’s way of axing her maybe? Sounds like she got addicted to alcohol, she is no longer cute in the least. Nurse Ogawa would’ve been my pick to hook up with, followed by Jeri Ryan then maybe the Klingon chick. Not a lot to choose from. Jeri Ryan used to date Swallowswell or some other major creep. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 8 points 3 days ago Jeri Ryan's divorce is the reason Obama was President. She got him the uncontested Senate seat because her ex-husband dropped out of the race. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Yeah a politican favorite. Obama used her marriage drama to get into office in IL. permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 1 points 2 days ago Kes's character existed solely to be a hot chick to help boost viewership. The problem is that she wasn't hot. Hence why she was replaced by 7 of 9. permalink parent award report block reply
10MeV 4 points 3 days ago I always thought Kes was quite cute, in the girl-next-door way.  Wasn't she supposedly some short-lived species, and Neelix wanted the best for her short life.  Something like that. The actress apparently did fall apart after that role, but I didn't follow her after that show. permalink parent award report block reply
Boruzu 2 points 3 days ago Kes actually was some kind of alien host herself, so that ended up explaining why she’d want to hook up with Neelix and the show’s way of axing her maybe? Sounds like she got addicted to alcohol, she is no longer cute in the least. Nurse Ogawa would’ve been my pick to hook up with, followed by Jeri Ryan then maybe the Klingon chick. Not a lot to choose from. Jeri Ryan used to date Swallowswell or some other major creep. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 8 points 3 days ago Jeri Ryan's divorce is the reason Obama was President. She got him the uncontested Senate seat because her ex-husband dropped out of the race. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Yeah a politican favorite. Obama used her marriage drama to get into office in IL. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 8 points 3 days ago Jeri Ryan's divorce is the reason Obama was President. She got him the uncontested Senate seat because her ex-husband dropped out of the race. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
KernalMustard 3 points 3 days ago Yeah a politican favorite. Obama used her marriage drama to get into office in IL. permalink parent award report block reply
America1stAndOnly 1 points 2 days ago Kes's character existed solely to be a hot chick to help boost viewership. The problem is that she wasn't hot. Hence why she was replaced by 7 of 9. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Really? Shes my wheelhouse. You can tell it that shes a dom. permalink parent award report block reply Boruzu 1 points 3 days ago You’re right. She’d be into it. I concede. Would. permalink parent award report block reply
Boruzu 1 points 3 days ago You’re right. She’d be into it. I concede. Would. permalink parent award report block reply
MixedBlacknWhite 16 points 3 days ago My wife told me: "good luck if we ever split, the dating pool is made up of people who work for me" That would be weirdo libs. because, the good girls are long gone to good men. I'll keep the one I got, she is a great mom and awesome wife. Plus her butt is dynamite! permalink award report block reply FirstBorn 13 points 3 days ago "Plus, her butt is dynamite!" Explosive? 🤣 🤣 🤣 (just kidding.) permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 3 days ago She sounds controlling and demeaning. But you do you. permalink parent award report block reply x79q3pb 6 points 2 days ago You have to go back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Ive been banned from reddit so many times I honestly think the amount of times I've been banned is no longer element of N permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 1 day ago What you don't understand is the tone... let me set it for you. People work for her. Ya see, she's in charge, because she's an America-first Conservative, decision maker, leader. It was a joke and in jest. She came home to tell me how one of her underlings felt "unsafe" after Donny Daddy won the election. Also that this same girl complains about the dating pool being all MAGA because we're in a military town with 5 military installations. My wife tells me that this girl is indicative of the weirdo dating pool out there.. and good luck if we ever split - said as a joke. Now you get it? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 0 points 20 hours ago Does she often make that kind of joke to belittle you? permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 17 hours ago She didnt belittle me.. you're way off on this one. Trying a little too hard to make something out of nothing. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
FirstBorn 13 points 3 days ago "Plus, her butt is dynamite!" Explosive? 🤣 🤣 🤣 (just kidding.) permalink parent award report block reply
canada_is_communist 1 points 3 days ago She sounds controlling and demeaning. But you do you. permalink parent award report block reply x79q3pb 6 points 2 days ago You have to go back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Ive been banned from reddit so many times I honestly think the amount of times I've been banned is no longer element of N permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 1 day ago What you don't understand is the tone... let me set it for you. People work for her. Ya see, she's in charge, because she's an America-first Conservative, decision maker, leader. It was a joke and in jest. She came home to tell me how one of her underlings felt "unsafe" after Donny Daddy won the election. Also that this same girl complains about the dating pool being all MAGA because we're in a military town with 5 military installations. My wife tells me that this girl is indicative of the weirdo dating pool out there.. and good luck if we ever split - said as a joke. Now you get it? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 0 points 20 hours ago Does she often make that kind of joke to belittle you? permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 17 hours ago She didnt belittle me.. you're way off on this one. Trying a little too hard to make something out of nothing. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
x79q3pb 6 points 2 days ago You have to go back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Ive been banned from reddit so many times I honestly think the amount of times I've been banned is no longer element of N permalink parent award report block reply
canada_is_communist 1 points 2 days ago Ive been banned from reddit so many times I honestly think the amount of times I've been banned is no longer element of N permalink parent award report block reply
MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 1 day ago What you don't understand is the tone... let me set it for you. People work for her. Ya see, she's in charge, because she's an America-first Conservative, decision maker, leader. It was a joke and in jest. She came home to tell me how one of her underlings felt "unsafe" after Donny Daddy won the election. Also that this same girl complains about the dating pool being all MAGA because we're in a military town with 5 military installations. My wife tells me that this girl is indicative of the weirdo dating pool out there.. and good luck if we ever split - said as a joke. Now you get it? permalink parent award report block reply canada_is_communist 0 points 20 hours ago Does she often make that kind of joke to belittle you? permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 17 hours ago She didnt belittle me.. you're way off on this one. Trying a little too hard to make something out of nothing. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
canada_is_communist 0 points 20 hours ago Does she often make that kind of joke to belittle you? permalink parent award report block reply MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 17 hours ago She didnt belittle me.. you're way off on this one. Trying a little too hard to make something out of nothing. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MixedBlacknWhite 1 points 17 hours ago She didnt belittle me.. you're way off on this one. Trying a little too hard to make something out of nothing. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Mindcrym 15 points 3 days ago Unless a woman is a conservative Christian,  I'll pass. permalink award report block reply KekistanPM 16 points 3 days ago The chad-chasing women who wonder "why can't I find a nice guy?" are the same ones who get so triggered when they see a portrait of a happy Christian family that they have to take her blood pressure meds. permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 3 points 2 days ago Women whose age and body count both exceed 30: "I'm TOTALLY traditional!" Maybe in a Babylonian temple whore sort of way... permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 16 points 3 days ago The chad-chasing women who wonder "why can't I find a nice guy?" are the same ones who get so triggered when they see a portrait of a happy Christian family that they have to take her blood pressure meds. permalink parent award report block reply
Overkillengine 3 points 2 days ago Women whose age and body count both exceed 30: "I'm TOTALLY traditional!" Maybe in a Babylonian temple whore sort of way... permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 12 points 3 days ago Stickied by a chicky. 😂 permalink award report block reply
Bramage 12 points 3 days ago Who is this ugly mam? permalink award report block reply ragnarokrobo 15 points 3 days ago Jim Carrey. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 5 points 3 days ago Patton Oswalt permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Zhe is more masculine. permalink parent award report block reply MajJamesMcFarlane 2 points 2 days ago Paula Poundstone permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 2 days ago She is missing her tie. permalink parent award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 15 points 3 days ago Jim Carrey. permalink parent award report block reply
wartooth6 5 points 3 days ago Patton Oswalt permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Zhe is more masculine. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Zhe is more masculine. permalink parent award report block reply
MajJamesMcFarlane 2 points 2 days ago Paula Poundstone permalink parent award report block reply Drekken- 2 points 2 days ago She is missing her tie. permalink parent award report block reply
Drekken- 2 points 2 days ago She is missing her tie. permalink parent award report block reply
BrianOfNazareth 10 points 3 days ago Imagine being so far gone that you would pay money to read what she has to say. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 8 points 3 days ago Men haven't lost interest in dating.  They just can't meet women who would make a good wife and mother. permalink award report block reply
Blackmore 8 points 3 days ago Because most women think too much of themselves, and that’s a turn off. permalink award report block reply
corporateshizer 8 points 3 days ago Her face has Fire Marshall Bill vibes. https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b2735ba4b82358b15cd9b6a3e344 permalink award report block reply
MudDog 7 points 3 days ago i only swiped right because she's friends with scooby doo permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 3 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply Overkillengine 3 points 2 days ago zoinks permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 4 points 3 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply
Overkillengine 3 points 2 days ago zoinks permalink parent award report block reply
covfefecat 6 points 3 days ago When you learn that dates are for actually for men….as in how many women are fantasizing about a date permalink award report block reply
OrthodoxTemplar 6 points 3 days ago She looks like a thwomp from Mario permalink award report block reply
ParticleCannon 6 points 3 days ago memes aside, the reality is: liability permalink award report block reply
DJT_MFers1 5 points 3 days ago Smells like cat piss permalink award report block reply
Tonez240 4 points 3 days ago Very masculine jawline. permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 4 points 3 days ago Sweeney should have said that the commercial was intended to trigger ugly libtards and it succeeded spectacularly and that they should expect more trigger inducing commercials. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 4 points 3 days ago Take the lady yelling at the cat meme and make this her and make the cat Sydney Sweeney. permalink award report block reply
least_counties_ever 4 points 3 days ago Captain Kirk? permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 4 points 3 days ago Dammit Jim, I warned you about using that TRANSporter! permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 4 points 3 days ago Dammit Jim, I warned you about using that TRANSporter! permalink parent award report block reply
projectarcturus1 4 points 3 days ago I only dated my husband. permalink award report block reply BeauHD 4 points 3 days ago Why are you geyh? permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 4 points 3 days ago Why are you geyh? permalink parent award report block reply
RogueLeaderX 4 points 3 days ago That chin belongs on a WWE Wrestler. permalink award report block reply
TrustYourself 4 points 3 days ago I feel bad for her because its soo gosh darn funny.       I am going to get my loser Cousin that sweater for Christmas  and a pair of American Eagle jeans if they make an extra wide version. permalink award report block reply
TruculentGoose 4 points 3 days ago /r/divorcablefaces permalink award report block reply
preferredfault 3 points 3 days ago The dumbest part is the same shit is going to happen to all the minorities and illegals they're trying to replace Americans with. You can flood the country with people, but you'll never match China in numbers nor loyalty, and you'll still get a massive population collapse, to the point that China would barely have to break a sweat to conquer the USA. Of course that's the whole point, because Democrats do China's bidding. permalink award report block reply 10MeV 4 points 3 days ago China thinks in the long term, plays the long game. Is there anyone in American politics thinking of how to position this country for success a century from now?  The Chinese do. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 2 days ago Trump...duh! permalink parent award report block reply
10MeV 4 points 3 days ago China thinks in the long term, plays the long game. Is there anyone in American politics thinking of how to position this country for success a century from now?  The Chinese do. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 2 days ago Trump...duh! permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 1 points 2 days ago Trump...duh! permalink parent award report block reply
Tulkas71 3 points 3 days ago This need wojak-i-fied by someone with the appropriate skills permalink award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 3 days ago Star Trek vibes are strong with this goober. permalink award report block reply Ferzth 5 points 3 days ago On a good day, this Captain Janeway-wannabe, could be a solid 4.  She's a handsome gal with a Quagmire chin. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 3 days ago That's a jaw only a Great White could love. permalink parent award report block reply RobinNet 3 points 3 days ago The Borg tried to assimilate her, but the Borg implants rejected her. permalink parent award report block reply
Ferzth 5 points 3 days ago On a good day, this Captain Janeway-wannabe, could be a solid 4.  She's a handsome gal with a Quagmire chin. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 3 days ago That's a jaw only a Great White could love. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 3 points 3 days ago That's a jaw only a Great White could love. permalink parent award report block reply
RobinNet 3 points 3 days ago The Borg tried to assimilate her, but the Borg implants rejected her. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 3 points 3 days ago Kinda looks like an aged, defective clone of Kirsten Dunst. permalink award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 3 days ago "Jeans are awesome! So why are you a Nazi?" permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 3 days ago If a nose (septum) ring is the number one red flag, an overly masculine and angular jawline should be a close second. permalink award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago Blue hair? permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Hair colors come and go. Jawline is genetic. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago Jaw line, meaning she is a tranny or a masculine woman? permalink parent award report block reply
sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago Blue hair? permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Hair colors come and go. Jawline is genetic. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Hair colors come and go. Jawline is genetic. permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 1 points 2 days ago Jaw line, meaning she is a tranny or a masculine woman? permalink parent award report block reply
UncleDaddyZ 2 points 2 days ago If hubris had a face.   The sickening self assuredness that of course she is correct and everyone knows it but you.   The vain and shallow moral high ground of the helplessly inept. permalink award report block reply
icehole3 2 points 2 days ago 1 hr of laying there like a dead fish, 23 hrs cray cray nuttiness. No thanks. permalink award report block reply
JP1776Lover 2 points 3 days ago That's a man permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 2 points 3 days ago No way I could go back out there. Reading the stories and comments around the dating scene sounds miserable permalink award report block reply
TioVanilla 2 points 3 days ago Missed this one, can somebody explain the meme? permalink award report block reply
Rey_ 2 points 3 days ago You don't attract a mate, looking like you crawled out of a hovel.. All I am saying is presentation and confidence make a lot of difference. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 2 points 3 days ago https://www.vice.com/en/article/5-reasons-men-are-giving-up-on-dating/ permalink award report block reply KekistanPM 16 points 3 days ago So Vice wrote a whole story based on comments on a reddit post from random people that Vice didn't even bother reaching out to or verifying were even real people. Cutting edge 2025 journalism. permalink parent award report block reply blackdeath11 3 points 3 days ago And redditors certainly aren’t going to mention that many young women aren’t worth dating because they’re liberals that are too ugly, retarded, and/or gay permalink parent award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago And they completely ignored the actual reasons in favor of a bunch of feelings permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 16 points 3 days ago So Vice wrote a whole story based on comments on a reddit post from random people that Vice didn't even bother reaching out to or verifying were even real people. Cutting edge 2025 journalism. permalink parent award report block reply blackdeath11 3 points 3 days ago And redditors certainly aren’t going to mention that many young women aren’t worth dating because they’re liberals that are too ugly, retarded, and/or gay permalink parent award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago And they completely ignored the actual reasons in favor of a bunch of feelings permalink parent award report block reply
blackdeath11 3 points 3 days ago And redditors certainly aren’t going to mention that many young women aren’t worth dating because they’re liberals that are too ugly, retarded, and/or gay permalink parent award report block reply
sod_off_shotgun 1 points 2 days ago And they completely ignored the actual reasons in favor of a bunch of feelings permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 2 points 3 days ago Is that broad the gym teacher from Porky's. The one that practically pulled that kids pud through the peephole in the shower permalink award report block reply
Aoikaze2000 2 points 3 days ago Cause maybe we want good women and not whatever garbage leftism turns them into? permalink award report block reply
TrumpMagaNoBama 2 points 3 days ago Commie Bitch! permalink award report block reply
RWW655 2 points 3 days ago 🤣🤣🤣 permalink award report block reply
IlhanOmarsFagBrother 2 points 2 days ago Just look at this cunt. She's a Mamdani voter for sure. permalink award report block reply
GunsWithGooglyEyes 2 points 3 days ago Bitch belongs in Minecraft permalink award report block reply
Melodicgrog 2 points 3 days ago I thought the character from Star Wars outlaws was a glitch. I didn’t know it was based on the character actor. permalink award report block reply
Whatyougotson 2 points 2 days ago Shes looks like shes about to play a fiddle and dance with a bunch of rats. permalink award report block reply
shirgall 2 points 2 days ago Is this what "passing" looks like these days? permalink award report block reply
Metriz77 2 points 3 days ago she literally looks like the nazi. permalink award report block reply TrumpRideorDie74 2 points 2 days ago There's no "she" about that permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpRideorDie74 2 points 2 days ago There's no "she" about that permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 3 days ago Bill Burr...is that you? permalink award report block reply
Electrify928 1 points 2 days ago She looks like if Leonardo Decaprio and Jodie Foster had a butt child. Which is impossible because Jodie was to old for Leo when he got his start and Leo doesn't have a vageen for Jodie. permalink award report block reply
ConductProbation 1 points 2 days ago Looks like some kind of Star Trek problem causation
. permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 1 points 2 days ago I wonder what Austin Powers would say about this person? permalink award report block reply
SoulSnipper 1 points 2 days ago They could let the gender dysphorics compete in the paralympics permalink award report block reply
PensivePatriot 1 points 2 days ago This expression is pure “smug attempt to use your own belief against you” soyjack. permalink award report block reply
OZJRant 1 points 2 days ago Needs to…
a Cry ?
b Fart or already has
c made a bad chess move
d didn’t want pickles in her burger but accepted it any way
e got her/him /they  pronouns wrong permalink award report block reply
AJPennypacker 1 points 2 days ago Curious to know who this is, I downloaded the image and attached it to a question, who is this?, on grok.
Answer:
This is a screenshot of Kari Lake , an American politician and former television news anchor. She's known for: Running as the Republican nominee for Governor of Arizona in 2022 (lost to Katie Hobbs) Running for U.S. Senate in Arizona in 2024 (won the Republican primary, faced Democrat Ruben Gallego in the general election) Being a prominent supporter of Donald Trump and promoting election integrity claims after her 2022 loss The image shows her in an emotional moment, likely from an interview or speech—often circulated in political memes or commentary. WTF? permalink award report block reply StolenElectionsKill 2 points 2 days ago Grok is fullofshit if it said this is Kari Lake.  This is the stupid feminist bitch who tried to trap-interview Sydney Sweeney and got her ass handed to her in one sentence, and one cold, dead-eye stare. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin OP 1 points 2 days ago lol its not Kari Lake - grok cannot identify photos - happened to me one time too, it's Katherine Stoeffel
she tried to shame Sydney Sweeney for being white permalink parent award report block reply
StolenElectionsKill 2 points 2 days ago Grok is fullofshit if it said this is Kari Lake.  This is the stupid feminist bitch who tried to trap-interview Sydney Sweeney and got her ass handed to her in one sentence, and one cold, dead-eye stare. permalink parent award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin OP 1 points 2 days ago lol its not Kari Lake - grok cannot identify photos - happened to me one time too, it's Katherine Stoeffel
she tried to shame Sydney Sweeney for being white permalink parent award report block reply
Coin-Op 0 points 2 days ago Modern females are the reason I follow the MGTOW path. Deal with it, beta simps. permalink award report block reply