712 Atlanta Federal Reserve President Who Violated Trading Rules to Step Down, Opening Vacancy (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 6 hours ago by Trick 33 comments award share report block JUST IN: Atlanta Federal Reserve President Who Violated Trading Rules to Step Down, Opening Vacancy | The Gateway Pundit | by Cr... Raphael Bostic, president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta announced on Wednesday that he will retire at the end of his term in February, opening up a vacancy. www.thegatewaypundit.com
33 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Seniors Born 1939-1969 Receive 11 Benefits This Month If They Ask Super Saving Online PhilipeNegro 23 points 6 hours ago That guy? Atlanta? You’re kidding. permalink award report block reply MissingTrump 15 points 5 hours ago No arrests, and he gets to keep his pension. Frigging insanity. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 4 points 5 hours ago yep, I came here to say just that, if it was me or you we would be going to jail for insider trading or what ever he did, He was planning to retire and he took ONE big hit at the end and still gets out with EVERYTHING and keeps drawing a pension on top of it. This was retirement planning at the highest permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 2 points 4 hours ago Every Fucking Time! This shit show is never ending. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 14 points 5 hours ago Meanwhile Lisa Cook just keeps on going while the Supreme Court sits on the case until next year. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 5 points 5 hours ago They need diversity and shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 10 points 6 hours ago Imagine if he got arrested! permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 3 points 5 hours ago Son, this is reality....stop dreaming. permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 6 points 6 hours ago Can never keep their hands out of the cookie jar. 🍌 permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 3 points 6 hours ago Jigs gonna jig permalink parent award report block reply UrShulgi 5 points 5 hours ago I don't know who needs to hear this, but this is HUGE for the following reason:  J-Pow, current head of the fed reserve, hates Trump, has said he wants it to be his legacy that he resisted Trump.  Trump wants someone in the fed who will play ball, and that ain't J-Pow.  J-Pow is expected to NOT STEP DOWN from the board when his term as leader ends, which breaks from historical standards.  If J-Pow doesn't step down, the board is still full, and Trump can't appoint 'his guy' onto the fed to become chair.  That's why they're fighting Lisa Cook getting removed so hard...the fed chair has to be elected from the existing board.  By this guy retiring, Trump sidesteps the fuckery of J-Pow not retiring and Lisa Cook fighting in court, and has the vacancy to appoint, and can get who he wants as fed chair...which is YUUUUUGE. permalink award report block reply dr_gonzo 4 points 4 hours ago Yes but when you say he wants someone to "play ball" what you actually mean is that Trump wants someone that will lower interest rates. But if we do that, it turns inflation around. Granted, if we don't do it, then the economy is anemic. That's why Trump wants rates low. It'll bring SHORT TERM economic activity, but government hasn't cut spending in any meaningful way at all. So by cutting rates while still printing trillions each year for government spending, you're absolutely going to set inflation off again. All those increased loans in combination with the federal spending GUARANTEE it. We are stuck between a rock and a hard place until our idiotic government CUTS SPENDING and massively. We need over 2 trillion a year cut from the budget. The ONLY way that happens is by doing some sort of very significant cut to gibmedat programs. There's no mathematical way otherwise. Either you eliminate 2 of the 4 or you give them a 50% cut across the board. Unfortunately those idiotic socialist programs still poll well with Americans, which is why nobody in DC will touch it, including Trump. But considering the unimaginable consequences rapidly approaching, it's gotta be done anyway. Now. permalink parent award report block reply UrShulgi 1 points 4 hours ago You're not wrong, brother.  I don't know what the eventual solution looks like, but I feel like no one that can get elected currently has the spine to actually do it.  It's a real problem. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 1 points 4 hours ago breaks from historical standards Sounds normal for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply BidenSniffsLittleKid 5 points 5 hours ago Cheaper rates for my 50 year mortgage!!! Yippee!!!! permalink award report block reply Parhelion12 3 points 5 hours ago Finance me harder, daddy permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 1 points 4 hours ago Yes! I want to own nothing even harder! permalink parent award report block reply redneckrevival 3 points 5 hours ago Look at him. AIN'T SHEEEEEIIIIITTTT GONNA HAPPEN TO HIM. Monkeys being monkeys, same oh same oh and getting away with it. permalink award report block reply dirtysanchez69 3 points 5 hours ago Returning to manage Los Pollos Hermanos permalink award report block reply Ndmand69 3 points 4 hours ago Gay and minority, hmmmm…  imagine that. permalink award report block reply Speedgraphic69 3 points 5 hours ago Color me shocked permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 hours ago Pray that God will cause a better person to fill the void. PRAYER WORKS. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 4 points 5 hours ago Then why are none of these criminals in prison? permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 3 points 5 hours ago More like pray for the abomination that is the federal reserve to be destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply Goatboy66 2 points 6 hours ago And How Much Prison time will He be Serving? permalink award report block reply drattastic1 2 points 5 hours ago Zero, best we can do is he'll get to retire with full benefits and keep every penny he stolde. permalink parent award report block reply HunterSthompson 2 points 5 hours ago Meet the new boss , same as the old boss . Play it again permalink award report block reply drattastic1 2 points 5 hours ago Yup they'll put another criminal just like him to fill that void. permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 2 points 5 hours ago Bostic was the first black and openly gay president of a regional federal reserve bank. Why do so many high profile positions attract and awarded to gay people? It's as if the majority of C-level staff are gay now. Is the gay mafia real? permalink award report block reply InfinitesimalOrange 2 points 4 hours ago "Man who breaks the law allowed to keep all the shit he stole." Now what if I break into his house and steal all of his things? Oh I go to prison for the rest of my life. Fair and balanced. permalink award report block reply Oodles 2 points 4 hours ago No prison time? permalink award report block reply chewsoap 1 points 4 hours ago N permalink award report block reply Oodles 1 points 4 hours ago DEI hires should never be put in charge of anything permalink award report block reply
PhilipeNegro 23 points 6 hours ago That guy? Atlanta? You’re kidding. permalink award report block reply MissingTrump 15 points 5 hours ago No arrests, and he gets to keep his pension. Frigging insanity. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 4 points 5 hours ago yep, I came here to say just that, if it was me or you we would be going to jail for insider trading or what ever he did, He was planning to retire and he took ONE big hit at the end and still gets out with EVERYTHING and keeps drawing a pension on top of it. This was retirement planning at the highest permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 2 points 4 hours ago Every Fucking Time! This shit show is never ending. permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 15 points 5 hours ago No arrests, and he gets to keep his pension. Frigging insanity. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 4 points 5 hours ago yep, I came here to say just that, if it was me or you we would be going to jail for insider trading or what ever he did, He was planning to retire and he took ONE big hit at the end and still gets out with EVERYTHING and keeps drawing a pension on top of it. This was retirement planning at the highest permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 2 points 4 hours ago Every Fucking Time! This shit show is never ending. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 4 points 5 hours ago yep, I came here to say just that, if it was me or you we would be going to jail for insider trading or what ever he did, He was planning to retire and he took ONE big hit at the end and still gets out with EVERYTHING and keeps drawing a pension on top of it. This was retirement planning at the highest permalink parent award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 2 points 4 hours ago Every Fucking Time! This shit show is never ending. permalink parent award report block reply
auntjemima 14 points 5 hours ago Meanwhile Lisa Cook just keeps on going while the Supreme Court sits on the case until next year. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 5 points 5 hours ago They need diversity and shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit. permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 5 points 5 hours ago They need diversity and shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 10 points 6 hours ago Imagine if he got arrested! permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 3 points 5 hours ago Son, this is reality....stop dreaming. permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 3 points 5 hours ago Son, this is reality....stop dreaming. permalink parent award report block reply
Bldg_2019 6 points 6 hours ago Can never keep their hands out of the cookie jar. 🍌 permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 3 points 6 hours ago Jigs gonna jig permalink parent award report block reply
BoomShtick 3 points 6 hours ago Jigs gonna jig permalink parent award report block reply
UrShulgi 5 points 5 hours ago I don't know who needs to hear this, but this is HUGE for the following reason:  J-Pow, current head of the fed reserve, hates Trump, has said he wants it to be his legacy that he resisted Trump.  Trump wants someone in the fed who will play ball, and that ain't J-Pow.  J-Pow is expected to NOT STEP DOWN from the board when his term as leader ends, which breaks from historical standards.  If J-Pow doesn't step down, the board is still full, and Trump can't appoint 'his guy' onto the fed to become chair.  That's why they're fighting Lisa Cook getting removed so hard...the fed chair has to be elected from the existing board.  By this guy retiring, Trump sidesteps the fuckery of J-Pow not retiring and Lisa Cook fighting in court, and has the vacancy to appoint, and can get who he wants as fed chair...which is YUUUUUGE. permalink award report block reply dr_gonzo 4 points 4 hours ago Yes but when you say he wants someone to "play ball" what you actually mean is that Trump wants someone that will lower interest rates. But if we do that, it turns inflation around. Granted, if we don't do it, then the economy is anemic. That's why Trump wants rates low. It'll bring SHORT TERM economic activity, but government hasn't cut spending in any meaningful way at all. So by cutting rates while still printing trillions each year for government spending, you're absolutely going to set inflation off again. All those increased loans in combination with the federal spending GUARANTEE it. We are stuck between a rock and a hard place until our idiotic government CUTS SPENDING and massively. We need over 2 trillion a year cut from the budget. The ONLY way that happens is by doing some sort of very significant cut to gibmedat programs. There's no mathematical way otherwise. Either you eliminate 2 of the 4 or you give them a 50% cut across the board. Unfortunately those idiotic socialist programs still poll well with Americans, which is why nobody in DC will touch it, including Trump. But considering the unimaginable consequences rapidly approaching, it's gotta be done anyway. Now. permalink parent award report block reply UrShulgi 1 points 4 hours ago You're not wrong, brother.  I don't know what the eventual solution looks like, but I feel like no one that can get elected currently has the spine to actually do it.  It's a real problem. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 1 points 4 hours ago breaks from historical standards Sounds normal for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply
dr_gonzo 4 points 4 hours ago Yes but when you say he wants someone to "play ball" what you actually mean is that Trump wants someone that will lower interest rates. But if we do that, it turns inflation around. Granted, if we don't do it, then the economy is anemic. That's why Trump wants rates low. It'll bring SHORT TERM economic activity, but government hasn't cut spending in any meaningful way at all. So by cutting rates while still printing trillions each year for government spending, you're absolutely going to set inflation off again. All those increased loans in combination with the federal spending GUARANTEE it. We are stuck between a rock and a hard place until our idiotic government CUTS SPENDING and massively. We need over 2 trillion a year cut from the budget. The ONLY way that happens is by doing some sort of very significant cut to gibmedat programs. There's no mathematical way otherwise. Either you eliminate 2 of the 4 or you give them a 50% cut across the board. Unfortunately those idiotic socialist programs still poll well with Americans, which is why nobody in DC will touch it, including Trump. But considering the unimaginable consequences rapidly approaching, it's gotta be done anyway. Now. permalink parent award report block reply UrShulgi 1 points 4 hours ago You're not wrong, brother.  I don't know what the eventual solution looks like, but I feel like no one that can get elected currently has the spine to actually do it.  It's a real problem. permalink parent award report block reply
UrShulgi 1 points 4 hours ago You're not wrong, brother.  I don't know what the eventual solution looks like, but I feel like no one that can get elected currently has the spine to actually do it.  It's a real problem. permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 1 points 4 hours ago breaks from historical standards Sounds normal for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply
BidenSniffsLittleKid 5 points 5 hours ago Cheaper rates for my 50 year mortgage!!! Yippee!!!! permalink award report block reply Parhelion12 3 points 5 hours ago Finance me harder, daddy permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 1 points 4 hours ago Yes! I want to own nothing even harder! permalink parent award report block reply
Parhelion12 3 points 5 hours ago Finance me harder, daddy permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 1 points 4 hours ago Yes! I want to own nothing even harder! permalink parent award report block reply
redneckrevival 3 points 5 hours ago Look at him. AIN'T SHEEEEEIIIIITTTT GONNA HAPPEN TO HIM. Monkeys being monkeys, same oh same oh and getting away with it. permalink award report block reply
dirtysanchez69 3 points 5 hours ago Returning to manage Los Pollos Hermanos permalink award report block reply
Ndmand69 3 points 4 hours ago Gay and minority, hmmmm…  imagine that. permalink award report block reply
Speedgraphic69 3 points 5 hours ago Color me shocked permalink award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 hours ago Pray that God will cause a better person to fill the void. PRAYER WORKS. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 4 points 5 hours ago Then why are none of these criminals in prison? permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 3 points 5 hours ago More like pray for the abomination that is the federal reserve to be destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 4 points 5 hours ago Then why are none of these criminals in prison? permalink parent award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 3 points 5 hours ago More like pray for the abomination that is the federal reserve to be destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply
Goatboy66 2 points 6 hours ago And How Much Prison time will He be Serving? permalink award report block reply drattastic1 2 points 5 hours ago Zero, best we can do is he'll get to retire with full benefits and keep every penny he stolde. permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 2 points 5 hours ago Zero, best we can do is he'll get to retire with full benefits and keep every penny he stolde. permalink parent award report block reply
HunterSthompson 2 points 5 hours ago Meet the new boss , same as the old boss . Play it again permalink award report block reply drattastic1 2 points 5 hours ago Yup they'll put another criminal just like him to fill that void. permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 2 points 5 hours ago Yup they'll put another criminal just like him to fill that void. permalink parent award report block reply
nonrate 2 points 5 hours ago Bostic was the first black and openly gay president of a regional federal reserve bank. Why do so many high profile positions attract and awarded to gay people? It's as if the majority of C-level staff are gay now. Is the gay mafia real? permalink award report block reply
InfinitesimalOrange 2 points 4 hours ago "Man who breaks the law allowed to keep all the shit he stole." Now what if I break into his house and steal all of his things? Oh I go to prison for the rest of my life. Fair and balanced. permalink award report block reply
Oodles 2 points 4 hours ago No prison time? permalink award report block reply
chewsoap 1 points 4 hours ago N permalink award report block reply
Oodles 1 points 4 hours ago DEI hires should never be put in charge of anything permalink award report block reply