535 Trump Faces Massive Backlash From His Base Over Chinese Student Importation, 50-Year Mortgages, Lack Of Domestic/Economic Focus (www.infowars.com) posted 12 hours ago by MADASHELLNEWS 52 comments award share report block Trump Faces Massive Backlash From His Base Over Chinese Student Importation, 50-Year Mortgages, Lack Of Domestic/Economic Focus Regardless of if the criticism of Trump is justified, rational, or even based in reality, it is very real. This poses a major problem for the President, as Democrat House Leader Hakeem Jeffries has already pledged to weaponize the DOJ and arrest anyone tha... www.infowars.com
52 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web From Hair Loss to Hair Boss in A Few Days. Try It! HaloGrow SpeekFreely 61 points 12 hours ago He would have lost had he actually campaigned on these ridiculous policies. permalink award report block reply squash1324 30 points 10 hours ago This makes me feel like Trump is like every other politician I voted for. Bait and switch. I really want the 2016 version of Trump back. I miss him. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 16 points 8 hours ago His first term was self funded.  His second term was funded by you know who. permalink parent award report block reply starjello 11 points 7 hours ago Da Joos permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 4 points 6 hours ago The Juice permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 7 hours ago Whatcha been doin ?   6 years :1000 post  2200 comments ? permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 2 points 6 hours ago Its called work. Also raising a family with 4 kids. Takes up most of my time. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak -2 points 6 hours ago Been there done that.  Bait and switch is the norm.  But you need to have faith , because ALL the others really do want to fuck you & your kids and then have you all die for their benefit. I miss him. Many people feel abandoned by God too. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan -1 points 9 hours ago The issue, as I see it, is that we can't see the backroom politics. Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." Trump isn't a dictator. It sucks, but you can't govern without compromise. The counter-arguement is that if our government is really that corrupt then Trump should not be compromising at all and should be going full Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply davidanderson90 5 points 8 hours ago We don’t need compromise or governance. We need executive action by firing and replacing federal agents with loyalists and cleaning out the military leadership so Trump can do what’s necessary. He has 100 million followers he can deputize as deputy U.S. Marshals. He can declare martial law with his followers enforcing it. The status quo has gotten us nowhere. There is no excuse. He has the most physical support of any Republican president ever yet he cowers. He doesn’t even pick up the phone to fbi agents or hsi agents he personally can have hired to launch undercover investigations of Dem county election offices and ballot counting sites despite claiming there is widespread fraud nor send undercover into leftist state dmvs to see who is an illegal who has been given a license. He tweets at Pam instead of sending in secret service to her office to ensure compliance. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 0 points 7 hours ago Well no shit. I'm saying what I think is happening. This is far, far from what should happen. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 6 hours ago Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." If Trump went along with this hypothetical then he's a fucking idiot and traitor. The h1b issue is far more vital than the obamacare subsidy. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 1 points 6 hours ago You're not wrong. I believe the economy is about to implode and he's been convinced to try and kick the can for one more year. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 0 points 6 hours ago No offense, but more people are directly effected by Obamacare than by H1B permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 0 points 7 hours ago Good thing he is using it to fire up the team & test their readiness. Needs to make his stand with more than 300. permalink parent award report block reply friarfox 26 points 12 hours ago Personally my life has not gotten better but it has become more expensive. I backed Trump because he was the only choice we had. The only thing he is making great is Israel these days and Indian replacements. He is backing Lindsey Graham ffs. I still back Trump for the same reason as last year. There is no one else to back. permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 -3 points 6 hours ago What about Comey, Bolton, and the others? What about the $100,000 fine for H1Bs? What about him ending US Aid? It’s like everyone here forgets that he did those things. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius -12 points 8 hours ago Lying idiot. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 23 points 11 hours ago 50 year mortgages isn't the way to reduce home prices.  That just puts people into the banks hands longer.  A better model is to stimulate home building.  To stop California from ripping out single family homes and building cheap, crappy apartments.  To encourage zoning laws for single family homes where corporations can't buy the houses. permalink award report block reply finnigan 19 points 10 hours ago Good.  Being MAGA doesn't mean Trump necessarily.  It means America first, America only.  He needs to be brought to heel just like Congress and the Judiciary.  The entire government is bought and paid for. permalink award report block reply LibtardBusterMAGA 9 points 9 hours ago Trump needs to stay on the MAGA train permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 4 points 7 hours ago He's long gone, bro. permalink parent award report block reply starjello -1 points 7 hours ago He jumped ship. Give him credit. Who wants to stay on a train with no brakes? Inevitably it crashes. I always got a kick out of the Q retards and the cultists on here who kept saying this train has no brakes  LOLOLOL permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 17 points 10 hours ago The Train has completely derailed. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 9 points 8 hours ago Trump Train went off the rails. Sad. permalink parent award report block reply starjello 0 points 7 hours ago That's what happens when a train has no brakes. Downvote away boys from the gay awakening. Love using your shallow words against you permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 16 points 11 hours ago I’m still stuck on his horrible picks haven’t even moved on to the new shit to be mad about. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 13 points 9 hours ago I don't like my country being treated like an economic opportunity zone for the world. These companies can either train Americans to do the jobs or go out of business as far as I'm concerned. We don't need a single foreigner. permalink award report block reply Trajano 7 points 8 hours ago He should. All his latest comments about Chinese students, H1-B visas, and proposing 50-year mortgages are retarded, and no MAGA, but MALA (Make America Last Again). permalink award report block reply Frix 5 points 7 hours ago So gay, done with this bullshit. I want arrests and deportations. WTH is going on? permalink award report block reply ACActual 2 points 47 minutes ago Trump 2028 permalink parent award report block reply Danofdestiny 4 points 7 hours ago As he should. The comments about having no qualified or talented people here in the US for American corporations to hire also was a very bad look. He lost the plot somewhere. If we don't have qualified people then these corporations should be training people for these jobs, not getting a foreigner imported so they can train that guy for half the price. permalink award report block reply UnknownUserName 4 points 8 hours ago What about the 15 year car loan 😂 In ready for Ron DeSantis. JD Vance clearly isn't pushing back on any of this garbage permalink award report block reply DoMe22 3 points 5 hours ago Someone find us a new Hitler. This one isn't Hitlering right. Kekw permalink award report block reply jimboonie 3 points 6 hours ago Middle class, once again, drowning like always. 50 year mortgages and 10 year car loans are not what I was hoping for. Would love some tax-code changes and lower interest rates. But I guess the "Big D" is another do-nothing. permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 2 points 8 hours ago wE gOt HiM tHiS TiMe permalink award report block reply BusterHyman99 1 points 7 hours ago You try being president with do nothing Republicans as your only hope of staying out of prison when you leave office. Everyone wants you dead and your base is turning on you. He's not bringing in 600k extra Chinese, they have already been here. permalink award report block reply Emodius -2 points 8 hours ago Retard level hand wringing. 50 year mortgages are fucking retardéd but you can still do 30 and 15 He completely engaged in domestically so that is even more retarded The Chinese immigration thingy isn't a change, Ingraham fucked that up, but yeah it's want zero immigration too. permalink award report block reply rightoverthere -4 points 12 hours ago we have the best crypto industry. never seen anything like it. tik tok in american control and 20 trillion dollars flooding into this country from foreigners scooping up assets. just look at the numbers it's amazing. permalink award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD -7 points 12 hours ago Keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being algorithmically pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. Everyone should read this article. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." permalink award report block reply justinkayz 20 points 12 hours ago If everyone in "MAGA" was actually America First, it wouldn't be this easy to divide. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 3 points 12 hours ago MAGA is just a hat.  The movement is really defined by Trump rally turn out. Trump got elected because people beyond the hardcore found him a better choice than the left.  But you can’t expect everyone to get excited by Trump’s bs and the stupid hat permalink parent award report block reply Ugh3rdaccount 13 points 11 hours ago Trump just did a fine job on his own splitting up MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 5 points 9 hours ago Retarded logic. We should be dividing ourselves from the traitors in our midsts. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 8 hours ago By your logic anything that is popular or we care about is just manufactured by the algorithm. we don't actually have our own opinions it's just whatever the algorithm says. It's bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply militantnationalist6 3 points 11 hours ago I’m sure the Israel first bullshit is some kind of wedge. But honestly how many people are Israel first and Trump? Not many I think. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
SpeekFreely 61 points 12 hours ago He would have lost had he actually campaigned on these ridiculous policies. permalink award report block reply squash1324 30 points 10 hours ago This makes me feel like Trump is like every other politician I voted for. Bait and switch. I really want the 2016 version of Trump back. I miss him. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 16 points 8 hours ago His first term was self funded.  His second term was funded by you know who. permalink parent award report block reply starjello 11 points 7 hours ago Da Joos permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 4 points 6 hours ago The Juice permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 7 hours ago Whatcha been doin ?   6 years :1000 post  2200 comments ? permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 2 points 6 hours ago Its called work. Also raising a family with 4 kids. Takes up most of my time. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak -2 points 6 hours ago Been there done that.  Bait and switch is the norm.  But you need to have faith , because ALL the others really do want to fuck you & your kids and then have you all die for their benefit. I miss him. Many people feel abandoned by God too. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan -1 points 9 hours ago The issue, as I see it, is that we can't see the backroom politics. Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." Trump isn't a dictator. It sucks, but you can't govern without compromise. The counter-arguement is that if our government is really that corrupt then Trump should not be compromising at all and should be going full Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply davidanderson90 5 points 8 hours ago We don’t need compromise or governance. We need executive action by firing and replacing federal agents with loyalists and cleaning out the military leadership so Trump can do what’s necessary. He has 100 million followers he can deputize as deputy U.S. Marshals. He can declare martial law with his followers enforcing it. The status quo has gotten us nowhere. There is no excuse. He has the most physical support of any Republican president ever yet he cowers. He doesn’t even pick up the phone to fbi agents or hsi agents he personally can have hired to launch undercover investigations of Dem county election offices and ballot counting sites despite claiming there is widespread fraud nor send undercover into leftist state dmvs to see who is an illegal who has been given a license. He tweets at Pam instead of sending in secret service to her office to ensure compliance. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 0 points 7 hours ago Well no shit. I'm saying what I think is happening. This is far, far from what should happen. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 6 hours ago Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." If Trump went along with this hypothetical then he's a fucking idiot and traitor. The h1b issue is far more vital than the obamacare subsidy. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 1 points 6 hours ago You're not wrong. I believe the economy is about to implode and he's been convinced to try and kick the can for one more year. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 0 points 6 hours ago No offense, but more people are directly effected by Obamacare than by H1B permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 0 points 7 hours ago Good thing he is using it to fire up the team & test their readiness. Needs to make his stand with more than 300. permalink parent award report block reply
squash1324 30 points 10 hours ago This makes me feel like Trump is like every other politician I voted for. Bait and switch. I really want the 2016 version of Trump back. I miss him. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 16 points 8 hours ago His first term was self funded.  His second term was funded by you know who. permalink parent award report block reply starjello 11 points 7 hours ago Da Joos permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 4 points 6 hours ago The Juice permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 7 hours ago Whatcha been doin ?   6 years :1000 post  2200 comments ? permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 2 points 6 hours ago Its called work. Also raising a family with 4 kids. Takes up most of my time. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak -2 points 6 hours ago Been there done that.  Bait and switch is the norm.  But you need to have faith , because ALL the others really do want to fuck you & your kids and then have you all die for their benefit. I miss him. Many people feel abandoned by God too. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan -1 points 9 hours ago The issue, as I see it, is that we can't see the backroom politics. Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." Trump isn't a dictator. It sucks, but you can't govern without compromise. The counter-arguement is that if our government is really that corrupt then Trump should not be compromising at all and should be going full Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply davidanderson90 5 points 8 hours ago We don’t need compromise or governance. We need executive action by firing and replacing federal agents with loyalists and cleaning out the military leadership so Trump can do what’s necessary. He has 100 million followers he can deputize as deputy U.S. Marshals. He can declare martial law with his followers enforcing it. The status quo has gotten us nowhere. There is no excuse. He has the most physical support of any Republican president ever yet he cowers. He doesn’t even pick up the phone to fbi agents or hsi agents he personally can have hired to launch undercover investigations of Dem county election offices and ballot counting sites despite claiming there is widespread fraud nor send undercover into leftist state dmvs to see who is an illegal who has been given a license. He tweets at Pam instead of sending in secret service to her office to ensure compliance. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 0 points 7 hours ago Well no shit. I'm saying what I think is happening. This is far, far from what should happen. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 6 hours ago Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." If Trump went along with this hypothetical then he's a fucking idiot and traitor. The h1b issue is far more vital than the obamacare subsidy. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 1 points 6 hours ago You're not wrong. I believe the economy is about to implode and he's been convinced to try and kick the can for one more year. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 0 points 6 hours ago No offense, but more people are directly effected by Obamacare than by H1B permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 16 points 8 hours ago His first term was self funded.  His second term was funded by you know who. permalink parent award report block reply starjello 11 points 7 hours ago Da Joos permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 4 points 6 hours ago The Juice permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 11 points 7 hours ago Da Joos permalink parent award report block reply MAGAPlenty 4 points 6 hours ago The Juice permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAPlenty 4 points 6 hours ago The Juice permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 7 hours ago Whatcha been doin ?   6 years :1000 post  2200 comments ? permalink parent award report block reply squash1324 2 points 6 hours ago Its called work. Also raising a family with 4 kids. Takes up most of my time. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak -2 points 6 hours ago Been there done that.  Bait and switch is the norm.  But you need to have faith , because ALL the others really do want to fuck you & your kids and then have you all die for their benefit. I miss him. Many people feel abandoned by God too. permalink parent award report block reply
squash1324 2 points 6 hours ago Its called work. Also raising a family with 4 kids. Takes up most of my time. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak -2 points 6 hours ago Been there done that.  Bait and switch is the norm.  But you need to have faith , because ALL the others really do want to fuck you & your kids and then have you all die for their benefit. I miss him. Many people feel abandoned by God too. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak -2 points 6 hours ago Been there done that.  Bait and switch is the norm.  But you need to have faith , because ALL the others really do want to fuck you & your kids and then have you all die for their benefit. I miss him. Many people feel abandoned by God too. permalink parent award report block reply
45fan -1 points 9 hours ago The issue, as I see it, is that we can't see the backroom politics. Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." Trump isn't a dictator. It sucks, but you can't govern without compromise. The counter-arguement is that if our government is really that corrupt then Trump should not be compromising at all and should be going full Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply davidanderson90 5 points 8 hours ago We don’t need compromise or governance. We need executive action by firing and replacing federal agents with loyalists and cleaning out the military leadership so Trump can do what’s necessary. He has 100 million followers he can deputize as deputy U.S. Marshals. He can declare martial law with his followers enforcing it. The status quo has gotten us nowhere. There is no excuse. He has the most physical support of any Republican president ever yet he cowers. He doesn’t even pick up the phone to fbi agents or hsi agents he personally can have hired to launch undercover investigations of Dem county election offices and ballot counting sites despite claiming there is widespread fraud nor send undercover into leftist state dmvs to see who is an illegal who has been given a license. He tweets at Pam instead of sending in secret service to her office to ensure compliance. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 0 points 7 hours ago Well no shit. I'm saying what I think is happening. This is far, far from what should happen. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 3 points 6 hours ago Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." If Trump went along with this hypothetical then he's a fucking idiot and traitor. The h1b issue is far more vital than the obamacare subsidy. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 1 points 6 hours ago You're not wrong. I believe the economy is about to implode and he's been convinced to try and kick the can for one more year. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 0 points 6 hours ago No offense, but more people are directly effected by Obamacare than by H1B permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
davidanderson90 5 points 8 hours ago We don’t need compromise or governance. We need executive action by firing and replacing federal agents with loyalists and cleaning out the military leadership so Trump can do what’s necessary. He has 100 million followers he can deputize as deputy U.S. Marshals. He can declare martial law with his followers enforcing it. The status quo has gotten us nowhere. There is no excuse. He has the most physical support of any Republican president ever yet he cowers. He doesn’t even pick up the phone to fbi agents or hsi agents he personally can have hired to launch undercover investigations of Dem county election offices and ballot counting sites despite claiming there is widespread fraud nor send undercover into leftist state dmvs to see who is an illegal who has been given a license. He tweets at Pam instead of sending in secret service to her office to ensure compliance. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 0 points 7 hours ago Well no shit. I'm saying what I think is happening. This is far, far from what should happen. permalink parent award report block reply
45fan 0 points 7 hours ago Well no shit. I'm saying what I think is happening. This is far, far from what should happen. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 3 points 6 hours ago Imagine if the RINOs told Trump, "Look, we will hold the line on this shutdown and not give into the Dem's healthcare crap, but you need to back us on H1B and a few other items." If Trump went along with this hypothetical then he's a fucking idiot and traitor. The h1b issue is far more vital than the obamacare subsidy. permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 1 points 6 hours ago You're not wrong. I believe the economy is about to implode and he's been convinced to try and kick the can for one more year. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 0 points 6 hours ago No offense, but more people are directly effected by Obamacare than by H1B permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
45fan 1 points 6 hours ago You're not wrong. I believe the economy is about to implode and he's been convinced to try and kick the can for one more year. permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 0 points 6 hours ago No offense, but more people are directly effected by Obamacare than by H1B permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 0 points 7 hours ago Good thing he is using it to fire up the team & test their readiness. Needs to make his stand with more than 300. permalink parent award report block reply
friarfox 26 points 12 hours ago Personally my life has not gotten better but it has become more expensive. I backed Trump because he was the only choice we had. The only thing he is making great is Israel these days and Indian replacements. He is backing Lindsey Graham ffs. I still back Trump for the same reason as last year. There is no one else to back. permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 -3 points 6 hours ago What about Comey, Bolton, and the others? What about the $100,000 fine for H1Bs? What about him ending US Aid? It’s like everyone here forgets that he did those things. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius -12 points 8 hours ago Lying idiot. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 -3 points 6 hours ago What about Comey, Bolton, and the others? What about the $100,000 fine for H1Bs? What about him ending US Aid? It’s like everyone here forgets that he did those things. permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius -12 points 8 hours ago Lying idiot. permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 0 points 12 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 23 points 11 hours ago 50 year mortgages isn't the way to reduce home prices.  That just puts people into the banks hands longer.  A better model is to stimulate home building.  To stop California from ripping out single family homes and building cheap, crappy apartments.  To encourage zoning laws for single family homes where corporations can't buy the houses. permalink award report block reply
finnigan 19 points 10 hours ago Good.  Being MAGA doesn't mean Trump necessarily.  It means America first, America only.  He needs to be brought to heel just like Congress and the Judiciary.  The entire government is bought and paid for. permalink award report block reply LibtardBusterMAGA 9 points 9 hours ago Trump needs to stay on the MAGA train permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 4 points 7 hours ago He's long gone, bro. permalink parent award report block reply starjello -1 points 7 hours ago He jumped ship. Give him credit. Who wants to stay on a train with no brakes? Inevitably it crashes. I always got a kick out of the Q retards and the cultists on here who kept saying this train has no brakes  LOLOLOL permalink parent award report block reply
LibtardBusterMAGA 9 points 9 hours ago Trump needs to stay on the MAGA train permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 4 points 7 hours ago He's long gone, bro. permalink parent award report block reply starjello -1 points 7 hours ago He jumped ship. Give him credit. Who wants to stay on a train with no brakes? Inevitably it crashes. I always got a kick out of the Q retards and the cultists on here who kept saying this train has no brakes  LOLOLOL permalink parent award report block reply
Parhelion12 4 points 7 hours ago He's long gone, bro. permalink parent award report block reply
starjello -1 points 7 hours ago He jumped ship. Give him credit. Who wants to stay on a train with no brakes? Inevitably it crashes. I always got a kick out of the Q retards and the cultists on here who kept saying this train has no brakes  LOLOLOL permalink parent award report block reply
hilboggins 17 points 10 hours ago The Train has completely derailed. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 9 points 8 hours ago Trump Train went off the rails. Sad. permalink parent award report block reply starjello 0 points 7 hours ago That's what happens when a train has no brakes. Downvote away boys from the gay awakening. Love using your shallow words against you permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 9 points 8 hours ago Trump Train went off the rails. Sad. permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 0 points 7 hours ago That's what happens when a train has no brakes. Downvote away boys from the gay awakening. Love using your shallow words against you permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 16 points 11 hours ago I’m still stuck on his horrible picks haven’t even moved on to the new shit to be mad about. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 13 points 9 hours ago I don't like my country being treated like an economic opportunity zone for the world. These companies can either train Americans to do the jobs or go out of business as far as I'm concerned. We don't need a single foreigner. permalink award report block reply
Trajano 7 points 8 hours ago He should. All his latest comments about Chinese students, H1-B visas, and proposing 50-year mortgages are retarded, and no MAGA, but MALA (Make America Last Again). permalink award report block reply
Frix 5 points 7 hours ago So gay, done with this bullshit. I want arrests and deportations. WTH is going on? permalink award report block reply ACActual 2 points 47 minutes ago Trump 2028 permalink parent award report block reply
ACActual 2 points 47 minutes ago Trump 2028 permalink parent award report block reply
Danofdestiny 4 points 7 hours ago As he should. The comments about having no qualified or talented people here in the US for American corporations to hire also was a very bad look. He lost the plot somewhere. If we don't have qualified people then these corporations should be training people for these jobs, not getting a foreigner imported so they can train that guy for half the price. permalink award report block reply
UnknownUserName 4 points 8 hours ago What about the 15 year car loan 😂 In ready for Ron DeSantis. JD Vance clearly isn't pushing back on any of this garbage permalink award report block reply
DoMe22 3 points 5 hours ago Someone find us a new Hitler. This one isn't Hitlering right. Kekw permalink award report block reply
jimboonie 3 points 6 hours ago Middle class, once again, drowning like always. 50 year mortgages and 10 year car loans are not what I was hoping for. Would love some tax-code changes and lower interest rates. But I guess the "Big D" is another do-nothing. permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 2 points 8 hours ago wE gOt HiM tHiS TiMe permalink award report block reply
BusterHyman99 1 points 7 hours ago You try being president with do nothing Republicans as your only hope of staying out of prison when you leave office. Everyone wants you dead and your base is turning on you. He's not bringing in 600k extra Chinese, they have already been here. permalink award report block reply
Emodius -2 points 8 hours ago Retard level hand wringing. 50 year mortgages are fucking retardéd but you can still do 30 and 15 He completely engaged in domestically so that is even more retarded The Chinese immigration thingy isn't a change, Ingraham fucked that up, but yeah it's want zero immigration too. permalink award report block reply
rightoverthere -4 points 12 hours ago we have the best crypto industry. never seen anything like it. tik tok in american control and 20 trillion dollars flooding into this country from foreigners scooping up assets. just look at the numbers it's amazing. permalink award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD -7 points 12 hours ago Keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being algorithmically pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. Everyone should read this article. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." permalink award report block reply justinkayz 20 points 12 hours ago If everyone in "MAGA" was actually America First, it wouldn't be this easy to divide. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 3 points 12 hours ago MAGA is just a hat.  The movement is really defined by Trump rally turn out. Trump got elected because people beyond the hardcore found him a better choice than the left.  But you can’t expect everyone to get excited by Trump’s bs and the stupid hat permalink parent award report block reply Ugh3rdaccount 13 points 11 hours ago Trump just did a fine job on his own splitting up MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 5 points 9 hours ago Retarded logic. We should be dividing ourselves from the traitors in our midsts. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 8 hours ago By your logic anything that is popular or we care about is just manufactured by the algorithm. we don't actually have our own opinions it's just whatever the algorithm says. It's bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply militantnationalist6 3 points 11 hours ago I’m sure the Israel first bullshit is some kind of wedge. But honestly how many people are Israel first and Trump? Not many I think. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
justinkayz 20 points 12 hours ago If everyone in "MAGA" was actually America First, it wouldn't be this easy to divide. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 3 points 12 hours ago MAGA is just a hat.  The movement is really defined by Trump rally turn out. Trump got elected because people beyond the hardcore found him a better choice than the left.  But you can’t expect everyone to get excited by Trump’s bs and the stupid hat permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 3 points 12 hours ago MAGA is just a hat.  The movement is really defined by Trump rally turn out. Trump got elected because people beyond the hardcore found him a better choice than the left.  But you can’t expect everyone to get excited by Trump’s bs and the stupid hat permalink parent award report block reply
Ugh3rdaccount 13 points 11 hours ago Trump just did a fine job on his own splitting up MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 5 points 9 hours ago Retarded logic. We should be dividing ourselves from the traitors in our midsts. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 4 points 8 hours ago By your logic anything that is popular or we care about is just manufactured by the algorithm. we don't actually have our own opinions it's just whatever the algorithm says. It's bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
militantnationalist6 3 points 11 hours ago I’m sure the Israel first bullshit is some kind of wedge. But honestly how many people are Israel first and Trump? Not many I think. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply