671 Perfectly said... posted 7 days ago by KuzoKevin 8 comments award share report block Tim Young @TimRunsHisMouth • 7d Perfectly said.
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Donmartin 12 points 7 days ago Hope that he has hoarded enough ammo. His actual core skills will be needed when the time comes. permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 7 points 7 days ago How else will the illegal aliens get to their middle of no where airports? permalink award report block reply f_bastiat 3 points 7 days ago That may be the first time he has made a statement without reminding us that he killed bin laden. permalink award report block reply bagel_fragility 2 points 6 days ago yes because the white demoralization agenda is still a top priority. permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 7 days ago Yup. permalink award report block reply Frenchie619 1 points 6 days ago That's a great question... permalink award report block reply Tacoboutit 1 points 6 days ago It's them that need the extra mouthwash because of all the shit coming out of their mouths. permalink award report block reply
Donmartin 12 points 7 days ago Hope that he has hoarded enough ammo. His actual core skills will be needed when the time comes. permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 7 points 7 days ago How else will the illegal aliens get to their middle of no where airports? permalink award report block reply
f_bastiat 3 points 7 days ago That may be the first time he has made a statement without reminding us that he killed bin laden. permalink award report block reply
bagel_fragility 2 points 6 days ago yes because the white demoralization agenda is still a top priority. permalink award report block reply
1_Badcop 2 points 7 days ago Yup. permalink award report block reply
Frenchie619 1 points 6 days ago That's a great question... permalink award report block reply
Tacoboutit 1 points 6 days ago It's them that need the extra mouthwash because of all the shit coming out of their mouths. permalink award report block reply