970 Newdcum is MUGA 🛑  Corrupt Commies  🛑 posted 4 days ago by wst4 31 comments award share download report block
31 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save SaltyTitties4 25 points 4 days ago This is stupid.  He is not useless- in fact he is very useful in destroying his state and many aspects of the country at large.  That is what he is there for.  These actors don’t do this shit on their own.  They are told what to do. permalink award report block reply snoopy3210 5 points 4 days ago I like that Steve Hilton makes him look like a Beto O Rouke dummy, because that’s who he is for the big oligarchs that run California. He announced their plans to change the palissades and block the people from rebuilding as the flames were still running. He’s a total puppet of big finance, the WEF, etc. Sent mail in ballots without request based on the inflated & incorrect voter rolls with all the invalid names and addresses on them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 4 days ago They are told what to do... or allowed to continue what they are doing permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 15 points 4 days ago Catchy, but let's see if this is a RINO move. California's problems are both in its CALPERS (California Public Employee Retirement System) being bankrupt and the teachers' unions and public sector employees unions being too greedy in wage and benefits demands. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 4 days ago Those pension liabilities have the ability to be a ticking time bomb. It’s the reason why Brandon Johnson is quite possibly the worst possibly the worst possible person to lead Chicago right now. While CALPERS has a funded ratio north of 70%, some of pension funds in Chicago are below 30%. Bankruptcy is actually a possibility in the foreseeable future permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 4 days ago Do NOT expose yourself to the Illinois tax system.  If you are there now - get out - they will take it all. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 4 days ago It’s too late. I know too much… permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 4 days ago Many will learn a hard lesson the day they activate Social Security Payments at retirement.  Ilinois and California have a scam to take it all via tricky leagal garnishments. permalink parent award report block reply Patriot5TN 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 8 points 4 days ago They will still vote for it because of muh vagina and muh trannies. permalink award report block reply Cali_kid 2 points 4 days ago The offsprings of illegals mostly permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 4 days ago They will think the Newsom hat is short for Mangina. "I already said Im voting for him" permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 8 points 4 days ago I’ve listened to Steve Hilton for years. He’s pretty based. Hope he gets a shot to right that ship. I just know elections are stolen in California so I don’t hold out much hope. permalink award report block reply 1691USAGUY 4 points 4 days ago MUGA MUGA...Should be a chant every time gov hairgels has a public outing permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 3 points 4 days ago I’d also use the MIGA acronym for Newscum. Most Idiotic Governor in America permalink award report block reply TDAF 2 points 4 days ago Nude cum. Ewww permalink award report block reply bigdickhangsright 2 points 4 days ago Sounds like how he styles his hair in the mirror. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 2 points 4 days ago Meet the Newscum. Same scum as the Oldscum. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 4 days ago Newsom is Xi Jinping's west coast hairgel bitch. Observe how the 'homeless problem' magically vanished for a few days when his master flew in from Beijing to visit his state. permalink award report block reply WhoWasThatMaskedMan 2 points 4 days ago None of this works. It only worked for Trump because he ran for national office, and because he’s Trump. Democrats can be as heinous as they want to be and still win if they serve a purpose and are in entrenched blue states, districts, and cities. permalink award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 4 days ago This is so dumb. Just point out his shit policies, Steve. You're smarter than this. permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 2 points 4 days ago Destructive maybe. Hobbs is useless. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 1 points 4 days ago Get out of my fucking shot and stop asking me questions or i will hit you with some mashed potatoes permalink parent award report block reply WarlordObama 1 points 4 days ago Make Unemployment Great Again? permalink award report block reply Flowers-By-Irene 1 points 4 days ago He's tied for that title with Gretchen Whitmer. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 4 days ago It amuses me when boomers attempt to meme. permalink award report block reply Gletkin 1 points 4 days ago what does "MUGA" stand for? I looked it up and nothing's coming up. permalink award report block reply deleted 1 points 4 days ago N3G4T1V3 1 points 4 days ago Republican In Name Only = RINO permalink parent award report block reply Doubleu1992 1 points 4 days ago And hes going to run for president and every liberal will vote for him this means nothing to anyone. permalink award report block reply KeepMarxInTheGround 1 points 4 days ago Steve Hilton doesn't have a chance of winning for many reasons, one of the main ones being that he only goes on legacy media outlets to promote his campaign. Go on podcasts and streaming talk shows. Republicans learn nothing. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 25 points 4 days ago This is stupid.  He is not useless- in fact he is very useful in destroying his state and many aspects of the country at large.  That is what he is there for.  These actors don’t do this shit on their own.  They are told what to do. permalink award report block reply snoopy3210 5 points 4 days ago I like that Steve Hilton makes him look like a Beto O Rouke dummy, because that’s who he is for the big oligarchs that run California. He announced their plans to change the palissades and block the people from rebuilding as the flames were still running. He’s a total puppet of big finance, the WEF, etc. Sent mail in ballots without request based on the inflated & incorrect voter rolls with all the invalid names and addresses on them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 4 days ago They are told what to do... or allowed to continue what they are doing permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 5 points 4 days ago I like that Steve Hilton makes him look like a Beto O Rouke dummy, because that’s who he is for the big oligarchs that run California. He announced their plans to change the palissades and block the people from rebuilding as the flames were still running. He’s a total puppet of big finance, the WEF, etc. Sent mail in ballots without request based on the inflated & incorrect voter rolls with all the invalid names and addresses on them. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 4 days ago They are told what to do... or allowed to continue what they are doing permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 15 points 4 days ago Catchy, but let's see if this is a RINO move. California's problems are both in its CALPERS (California Public Employee Retirement System) being bankrupt and the teachers' unions and public sector employees unions being too greedy in wage and benefits demands. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 4 days ago Those pension liabilities have the ability to be a ticking time bomb. It’s the reason why Brandon Johnson is quite possibly the worst possibly the worst possible person to lead Chicago right now. While CALPERS has a funded ratio north of 70%, some of pension funds in Chicago are below 30%. Bankruptcy is actually a possibility in the foreseeable future permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 4 days ago Do NOT expose yourself to the Illinois tax system.  If you are there now - get out - they will take it all. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 4 days ago It’s too late. I know too much… permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 4 days ago Many will learn a hard lesson the day they activate Social Security Payments at retirement.  Ilinois and California have a scam to take it all via tricky leagal garnishments. permalink parent award report block reply Patriot5TN 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 7 points 4 days ago Those pension liabilities have the ability to be a ticking time bomb. It’s the reason why Brandon Johnson is quite possibly the worst possibly the worst possible person to lead Chicago right now. While CALPERS has a funded ratio north of 70%, some of pension funds in Chicago are below 30%. Bankruptcy is actually a possibility in the foreseeable future permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 4 days ago Do NOT expose yourself to the Illinois tax system.  If you are there now - get out - they will take it all. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 4 days ago It’s too late. I know too much… permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 4 days ago Many will learn a hard lesson the day they activate Social Security Payments at retirement.  Ilinois and California have a scam to take it all via tricky leagal garnishments. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 3 points 4 days ago Do NOT expose yourself to the Illinois tax system.  If you are there now - get out - they will take it all. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 4 days ago It’s too late. I know too much… permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 4 days ago Many will learn a hard lesson the day they activate Social Security Payments at retirement.  Ilinois and California have a scam to take it all via tricky leagal garnishments. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 4 days ago It’s too late. I know too much… permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 4 days ago Many will learn a hard lesson the day they activate Social Security Payments at retirement.  Ilinois and California have a scam to take it all via tricky leagal garnishments. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 1 points 4 days ago Many will learn a hard lesson the day they activate Social Security Payments at retirement.  Ilinois and California have a scam to take it all via tricky leagal garnishments. permalink parent award report block reply
Patriot5TN 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 8 points 4 days ago They will still vote for it because of muh vagina and muh trannies. permalink award report block reply Cali_kid 2 points 4 days ago The offsprings of illegals mostly permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 4 days ago They will think the Newsom hat is short for Mangina. "I already said Im voting for him" permalink parent award report block reply
Cali_kid 2 points 4 days ago The offsprings of illegals mostly permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 4 days ago They will think the Newsom hat is short for Mangina. "I already said Im voting for him" permalink parent award report block reply
WoeToYou 8 points 4 days ago I’ve listened to Steve Hilton for years. He’s pretty based. Hope he gets a shot to right that ship. I just know elections are stolen in California so I don’t hold out much hope. permalink award report block reply
1691USAGUY 4 points 4 days ago MUGA MUGA...Should be a chant every time gov hairgels has a public outing permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 3 points 4 days ago I’d also use the MIGA acronym for Newscum. Most Idiotic Governor in America permalink award report block reply
TDAF 2 points 4 days ago Nude cum. Ewww permalink award report block reply bigdickhangsright 2 points 4 days ago Sounds like how he styles his hair in the mirror. permalink parent award report block reply
bigdickhangsright 2 points 4 days ago Sounds like how he styles his hair in the mirror. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 2 points 4 days ago Meet the Newscum. Same scum as the Oldscum. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 4 days ago Newsom is Xi Jinping's west coast hairgel bitch. Observe how the 'homeless problem' magically vanished for a few days when his master flew in from Beijing to visit his state. permalink award report block reply
WhoWasThatMaskedMan 2 points 4 days ago None of this works. It only worked for Trump because he ran for national office, and because he’s Trump. Democrats can be as heinous as they want to be and still win if they serve a purpose and are in entrenched blue states, districts, and cities. permalink award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 4 days ago This is so dumb. Just point out his shit policies, Steve. You're smarter than this. permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 2 points 4 days ago Destructive maybe. Hobbs is useless. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 1 points 4 days ago Get out of my fucking shot and stop asking me questions or i will hit you with some mashed potatoes permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 1 points 4 days ago Get out of my fucking shot and stop asking me questions or i will hit you with some mashed potatoes permalink parent award report block reply
WarlordObama 1 points 4 days ago Make Unemployment Great Again? permalink award report block reply
Flowers-By-Irene 1 points 4 days ago He's tied for that title with Gretchen Whitmer. permalink award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 4 days ago It amuses me when boomers attempt to meme. permalink award report block reply
Gletkin 1 points 4 days ago what does "MUGA" stand for? I looked it up and nothing's coming up. permalink award report block reply
deleted 1 points 4 days ago N3G4T1V3 1 points 4 days ago Republican In Name Only = RINO permalink parent award report block reply
N3G4T1V3 1 points 4 days ago Republican In Name Only = RINO permalink parent award report block reply
Doubleu1992 1 points 4 days ago And hes going to run for president and every liberal will vote for him this means nothing to anyone. permalink award report block reply
KeepMarxInTheGround 1 points 4 days ago Steve Hilton doesn't have a chance of winning for many reasons, one of the main ones being that he only goes on legacy media outlets to promote his campaign. Go on podcasts and streaming talk shows. Republicans learn nothing. permalink award report block reply