20 How to create your own 'talent' ---- put a bunch of smart people in a room and give them enough beer (or equivalent) to get them creative THEN give an impossible problem that no one can solve. posted 3 hours ago by cyberrigger 10 comments award share report block Steve Ballmer did this at Microsoft ----- coined "Ballmer Peak" ---- Beer Francis Crick, the Nobel Prize-winning father of modern genetics --- LSD Kary Mullis, the Nobel laureate who developed the
Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) technique ----- LSD
10 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget empiretc 2 points 2 hours ago damn... like college? permalink award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 28 minutes ago IMO --- college is somewhat orthogonal to genius creation. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 25 minutes ago College does provide for  those after class classes. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 35 minutes ago I know a mechanic (mid 20s) ---- middle school drop-out, just built the fastest diesel pickup (for his category). in the United States. Over 2000 hp. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 3 hours ago genius post actually no one does this anymore because the group dynamics are fucked up because of DEI you arent allowed to hire 20 men and let them fuck around and do new things permalink award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 31 minutes ago "Two of the most famous products of Berkeley are LSD and Unix. I don't think that is a coincidence" permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 3 hours ago Seriously. A few smart guys with sco th and conversation can develop reasonable and actionable solutions to any problem of any size. We often say 'we solved the problems of the world last night' permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 29 minutes ago yep but no one would listen to them permalink parent award report block reply greatpumpkin 1 points 3 hours ago Keep the groups small and flexible. Large groups deteriorate into bureaucracies. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 33 minutes ago use mythical man month rules permalink parent award report block reply 1DontTreadOnMe1 1 points 3 hours ago It would be nice to be part of such a thing, sadly most people just take the path of least resistance. permalink award report block reply
empiretc 2 points 2 hours ago damn... like college? permalink award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 28 minutes ago IMO --- college is somewhat orthogonal to genius creation. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 25 minutes ago College does provide for  those after class classes. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 35 minutes ago I know a mechanic (mid 20s) ---- middle school drop-out, just built the fastest diesel pickup (for his category). in the United States. Over 2000 hp. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger OP 1 points 28 minutes ago IMO --- college is somewhat orthogonal to genius creation. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger OP 1 points 25 minutes ago College does provide for  those after class classes. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger OP 1 points 35 minutes ago I know a mechanic (mid 20s) ---- middle school drop-out, just built the fastest diesel pickup (for his category). in the United States. Over 2000 hp. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 2 points 3 hours ago genius post actually no one does this anymore because the group dynamics are fucked up because of DEI you arent allowed to hire 20 men and let them fuck around and do new things permalink award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 31 minutes ago "Two of the most famous products of Berkeley are LSD and Unix. I don't think that is a coincidence" permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger OP 1 points 31 minutes ago "Two of the most famous products of Berkeley are LSD and Unix. I don't think that is a coincidence" permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 3 hours ago Seriously. A few smart guys with sco th and conversation can develop reasonable and actionable solutions to any problem of any size. We often say 'we solved the problems of the world last night' permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 29 minutes ago yep but no one would listen to them permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 29 minutes ago yep but no one would listen to them permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 1 points 3 hours ago Keep the groups small and flexible. Large groups deteriorate into bureaucracies. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger OP 1 points 33 minutes ago use mythical man month rules permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger OP 1 points 33 minutes ago use mythical man month rules permalink parent award report block reply
1DontTreadOnMe1 1 points 3 hours ago It would be nice to be part of such a thing, sadly most people just take the path of least resistance. permalink award report block reply