1655 Trump Plans to Sue BBC for Defamation Over Doctored Jan 6 Speech. (thenationalpulse.com) ★ ☭   Far-Left Media   ☭ ★ posted 2 days ago by TaxDollarsHardAtWork 81 comments award share report block Trump Plans to Sue BBC for Defamation Over Doctored Jan 6 Speech. PULSE POINTS ❓WHAT HAPPENED: President Donald J. Trump has sent a legal letter to the BBC over Panorama's selective editing of his 2021 Capitol riot thenationalpulse.com
81 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save charlesthehammer 72 points 2 days ago “Do it!” permalink award report block reply LaVaughnRobinson 33 points 2 days ago Yea make it illegal in the USA for this shit too.  Neuter the cia mockingbird propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 9 points 2 days ago Pretty sure it already is illegal.  Trump needs to reinstate the Truth Doctrine that Reagan's administration ended.  That is when the news began its slide into propaganda - then went into turbo-mode during and after Obama administration. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 7 points 2 days ago i think the smith-mundt act made it legal. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 3 points 2 days ago correct. permalink parent award report block reply drattastic1 19 points 2 days ago And don't let them off with a measley $15 million dollar settlement. These lying leftist "news" organizations need to be brought to the brink of bankruptcy. Remember when Fox Snooze was forced into a $788 million dollar settlement to Dominion for telling the truth about them rigging the election? permalink parent award report block reply AlwaysTrumper2020 9 points 2 days ago Starting ask, $100 billion and Trump Media gets control of all BBC assets.   Or maybe make them give the assets  to Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 2 days ago His demand is $1 billion permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Trump needs to hire Hulk Hogan's lawyer for these cases.  That guy bankrupted the media company that defamed the Hulkster. permalink parent award report block reply GodSaveTheWest 2 points 2 days ago Isnt the bbc funded by english taxes? Its a shame thats probably where the settlement will come from. permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 2 days ago Yes. It's funded by the TV license fee and is the equivalent of about $159 per year. Most patriotic Brits despise the BBC, and I'm sure would love PDJT to destroy it with a massive lawsuit. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 6 points 2 days ago Came here to say this. And shame them for covering for Muslim rape gangs while he's at it. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotLady1 1 points 2 days ago WOULDN'T IT BE GREAT if the "settlement" WOULD BE DIVIDED UP & SENT AS "checks to American citizens" IN SEPTEMBER right before the MID-TERM ELECTIONS???
﻿😱﻿﻿👍﻿﻿😱﻿﻿﻿👍﻿﻿😱﻿﻿
THAT would be a play out of the DEM "handbook" JUST LIKE THEY JUST DID WITH THE SCHUMER-SHUT-DOWN! permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 2 days ago Class action suit on behalf of Trump voters who had their votes negated by their lies?  That might work better.  Yes, I'll take my $ 1.65 check from the BBC and cash it, then go spend it on, uh, well, maybe a few bananas and an avocado? permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Just Do It. permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 36 points 2 days ago This needs to go far beyond a lawsuit. Since the BBC is state owned, one can argue that this was a case of state sponsored aggression against the United States. There need to be state level repercussions. Would be a shame if Trump hit that commie hellhole with a 100% tariff. Furthermore, there is no doubt in my mind that a BBC video influenced more people than a few thousand dollars worth of Russian Facebook ads, so you can argue that the UK interfered in our elections more than Russia ever did. Perhaps some sanctions are in order on top of the aforementioned tariffs. If he does want to sue, he should go after the now resigned CEO and anyone involved in that doctored story personally rather than after the BBC as an organization. permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 9 points 2 days ago There were Brits here in 2024 and this past month doing election work for the democrats/socialists. I don't understand how this wasn't an international incident of some sort. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago Yes, it was known back in 2024 that Brits were here working for the dems permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 days ago Faggot judge says trunk cannot set tariffs, not defend himself permalink parent award report block reply American-Patriot 25 points 2 days ago Good. They must be punished permalink award report block reply TheBigPastrami 13 points 2 days ago 100%. Probably an understatement. Doctoring videos like that can alter the course of human history. $1 billion lawsuit is almost too low permalink parent award report block reply pepperonishoes 2 points 2 days ago Make it so. permalink parent award report block reply OldGloryUnfurled 16 points 2 days ago BBC (or any MSM for that matter) can run a knowingly-erroneous or misleading story long enough to get it out there and have damage be done to the populous who take it at face value and retract it only afterwards with a 'we apologize....sorry'. But that does not undo the damage. permalink award report block reply brainphreeze 5 points 2 days ago It's being reported as "fascist Trump dictating what media outlets can say about him" The media are lapping this up, making themselves the victim and the story at the same time, all while orange man even more bad permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago True, but literally doctoring the video, like 60 Minutes did, and the BBC did here, isn't that. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 2 points 2 days ago I know NPCs who saw the “documentary” and assumed it to be 100% correct permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I work with people who still believe Russia gate and the fine people hoax because MSM never truly retracts their lies permalink parent award report block reply Truthisunpopular 13 points 2 days ago The BBC does absolutely nothing without approval from the UK government. Why is Trump pretending that it's just the BBC that is at fault? This was an act of war and the UK should be treated the same as any other hostile nation that attacks the USA. They definitely shouldn't be allowed into any kind of military alliance with our country and they should be sanctioned and treated in every possible way as a hostile foreign adversary. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 8 points 2 days ago The same way we treat hostile nations? Welcome their criminals and give them our money? permalink parent award report block reply pepperonishoes 4 points 2 days ago You got a point fren. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Same reason he hasn't gone after the '5 eyes'  foreign spy outfits that spied on him and his campaign. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago I was arguing with a Canadian leftist back at the beginning of the year. He was saying that Trump's rhetoric could damage long standing agreements with Canada, like the "5 Eyes" program. I asked him if he actually knew what that program did. He didn't. Damaging that program wouldn't bother me a bit. permalink parent award report block reply the-new-style 3 points 2 days ago Add a Brit Bong I agree. And don't think it was just this one programme. A bf all the channels here are the same. He's had virtually no positive counter permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 1 points 2 days ago The UK government will be paying the bill in some way. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 8 points 2 days ago Good. It's the only way they'll ever learn. If they thought they'd get away with something so blatant on this topic, what else are they lying about (hint: everything) permalink award report block reply Rucktoe 8 points 2 days ago He absolutely should, it was a deliberate lie. permalink award report block reply White-tailed_Eagle 6 points 2 days ago As someone from the UK, I say: Good, let the BBC have to go to court. I Hope the BBC loses millions over this. permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 2 days ago Won’t the case be filed and brought in front of a British magistrate in “his majesty’s” British court? Somehow I don’t think that the UK judges - many of them also foreigners in white powdered wigs - will be any less infected with TDS than the judges in the USA. permalink parent award report block reply White-tailed_Eagle 3 points 2 days ago That is true, but the fact that it has got to this stage would be a massive embarrasment for the BBC. The more people that see the edited vs non edited clips side by side, the more people who will cancel their licence fee and bankrupt the BBC. permalink parent award report block reply Rucktoe 4 points 2 days ago As I think about this more, why did they admit to it?  Liberals are only ever honest when they are trying to hide something. permalink award report block reply Antenna 4 points 2 days ago The government of Great Britain is truly our greatest enemy. BBC= British gov't. They created Israel. They played a HUGE role in trying to take Trump down: Russia/Russia/Russia, Steele dossier, all of it. They are becoming a Communist-Muslim shit hole. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 4 points 2 days ago Oi, mate Do you have a loicence to sue us?  We are the state sponshired media ahfter ahll permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 2 days ago cam on then <pulls out a fork to do battle> <because guns, knives banned> permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 4 points 2 days ago Trump isn’t fucking around this time with these fake news merchants. And the beauty of it is, he’s using his own money and his own private attorneys to go after them so the left can’t reeee about sicking the government on his “enemies”. permalink award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I hope he not only sues for a billion, but makes them open up speech so that British people can say what they think without being arrested. permalink parent award report block reply spinometer2 3 points 2 days ago As restitution the BBC (UK taxpayer) should reimburse his campaign for all expenses that came after. Then he should personally receive compensation for reputational damage of at least a couple billion, then there should be damages added to deter future acts. permalink award report block reply itspancakees 3 points 2 days ago Don't stop there. The BBC is an extension of the UK government. What they did is espionage. Resignations aren't enough. There need to be criminal charges I've said it many times. Europe is dragging America down. We should divide Europe between the US and Russia and the relationship should be extractive. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 3 points 2 days ago And he will win, even with the corrupt UK courts. It was so blatant, the dude resigned preemptively and didn’t even try to defend it lol permalink award report block reply VirTW 3 points 2 days ago Trump should agree to retract the lawsuit if the BBC will stop ruining Doctor Who permalink award report block reply abstr4ct 2 points 2 days ago the BBC is leftist propaganda trash. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 2 days ago It's a start permalink award report block reply TheSwampThang 2 points 2 days ago How about exposing j6 as an inside job and arresting everyone involved? permalink award report block reply VirtusHonos 2 points 2 days ago of course he should sue - the adverse editing of his words is plainly more fraudulent and damaging than 60 Minutes' buffing up Kamala's word salad
and considering it defames the most powerful person on the planet, the price should be punishingly high permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 2 points 2 days ago As he should permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 2 points 2 days ago Bar them from broadcasting in the USA until a full apology and corrected story is broadcast in prime time. permalink award report block reply spezisacuckold 2 points 2 days ago He better not fucking settle for less like he usually does with these lawsuits permalink award report block reply JesusisLordofAll777 2 points 2 days ago I bet cbc did the same permalink award report block reply ElectionMeddler 2 points 2 days ago Another wing added to the Presidential library. permalink award report block reply Bramage 2 points 2 days ago Degenerate BBC is run by a muzzie and since when has the traitorous uk government care about facts and truth? permalink award report block reply Roadpower 2 points 2 days ago Does he have to sue them in the UK? permalink award report block reply cosmos411 2 points 2 days ago Sue them into oblivion. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 2 days ago Good. They intentionally lied. permalink award report block reply Baptito 2 points 2 days ago Sue them for 1 gazillion billion dollars. permalink award report block reply Owmyballz 2 points 2 days ago And guess what, the UK actually has defamation laws, unlike the US where the level to meet defamation is a joke.  Trump will win "biggly" against the BBC.  This is going to be fucking hillarious. permalink award report block reply pococurante 2 points 2 days ago Love to see it, and this will be an easy win. Unlike in the US where you have to prove both damages and malicious intent, in the UK you can't get away with lying and claiming "I made a mistake". permalink award report block reply weholdthesetruths 2 points 2 days ago Can he sue a corporation based in the UK? permalink award report block reply bigdar 2 points 2 days ago He should also sue Canada for the fake Reagan commercial. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 2 days ago This is the way!  Sure them for $1 billion (with a B). permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 2 days ago Sue them for $1 trillion! (With a T!) permalink parent award report block reply FlyinHeadlock 2 points 2 days ago There is a video of all the splicing they did on Trump. This was more than selective editing. What they did was a top tier level of egregious splicing. People should go to prison. permalink award report block reply brainphreeze 2 points 2 days ago Britbong TV license will go up as a result lmao permalink award report block reply Chickapede 2 points 2 days ago Ooh, discovery would be fascinating on this one. permalink award report block reply UltraFrogMan 2 points 2 days ago Could hold weight considering all the lawfare permalink award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Their CEO and some bitch resigned. I guess they didn't want to deal with the blowback during the inquiry into their far left propaganda dissemination. Sue them for 100 million pounds so that their ass feels each and every pounding. permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 2 days ago Why not CBC in Canada as well? permalink award report block reply Pats5x 1 points 2 days ago Jfc enough with the fucking lawsuits...release the Epstein files and show us all these bazillions tariffs have brought it.   Where are the jobs? permalink award report block reply YearninNation 1 points 2 days ago well they announced WTC7 collapsed 26 minutes before it happed but you don't need to suspect anyone had foreknowledge as it was fact-checked. permalink award report block reply ParmesanCartel -5 points 2 days ago Weird how he doesn't do that to those who claim he's in the Epstein files permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Because he is. We already know this. The "Epstein Files" could -- and legally would -- include any files related to Epstein. He was in Trump's orbit, and Trump aided in dealing with him. So just because they claim he's in the files as a reason to cast doubt about what that entails, doesn't mean they wouldn't be able to deflect from legal action because it is vague. If they explicitly said Trump diddled kids, that might change things. Instead, they use vague statements to refer to something and hope people make the intended connection. Kind of like you. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -1 points 2 days ago Hey, did you think a year ago you'd be making defense arguments regarding Epstein files? Lol permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago It's not a defense argument. This is the same thing that we have known for years at this point. If you testify against someone, you will be in the files related to that person. This isn't hard to understand if you had two braincells to rub together. permalink parent award report block reply Meander871 1 points 2 days ago Note how you use the world "Epstein Files" and not "Epstein's Pedophile List"? permalink parent award report block reply
charlesthehammer 72 points 2 days ago “Do it!” permalink award report block reply LaVaughnRobinson 33 points 2 days ago Yea make it illegal in the USA for this shit too.  Neuter the cia mockingbird propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 9 points 2 days ago Pretty sure it already is illegal.  Trump needs to reinstate the Truth Doctrine that Reagan's administration ended.  That is when the news began its slide into propaganda - then went into turbo-mode during and after Obama administration. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 7 points 2 days ago i think the smith-mundt act made it legal. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 3 points 2 days ago correct. permalink parent award report block reply drattastic1 19 points 2 days ago And don't let them off with a measley $15 million dollar settlement. These lying leftist "news" organizations need to be brought to the brink of bankruptcy. Remember when Fox Snooze was forced into a $788 million dollar settlement to Dominion for telling the truth about them rigging the election? permalink parent award report block reply AlwaysTrumper2020 9 points 2 days ago Starting ask, $100 billion and Trump Media gets control of all BBC assets.   Or maybe make them give the assets  to Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 2 days ago His demand is $1 billion permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Trump needs to hire Hulk Hogan's lawyer for these cases.  That guy bankrupted the media company that defamed the Hulkster. permalink parent award report block reply GodSaveTheWest 2 points 2 days ago Isnt the bbc funded by english taxes? Its a shame thats probably where the settlement will come from. permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 2 days ago Yes. It's funded by the TV license fee and is the equivalent of about $159 per year. Most patriotic Brits despise the BBC, and I'm sure would love PDJT to destroy it with a massive lawsuit. permalink parent award report block reply Tongs_Ya_Bass 6 points 2 days ago Came here to say this. And shame them for covering for Muslim rape gangs while he's at it. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotLady1 1 points 2 days ago WOULDN'T IT BE GREAT if the "settlement" WOULD BE DIVIDED UP & SENT AS "checks to American citizens" IN SEPTEMBER right before the MID-TERM ELECTIONS???
﻿😱﻿﻿👍﻿﻿😱﻿﻿﻿👍﻿﻿😱﻿﻿
THAT would be a play out of the DEM "handbook" JUST LIKE THEY JUST DID WITH THE SCHUMER-SHUT-DOWN! permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 2 days ago Class action suit on behalf of Trump voters who had their votes negated by their lies?  That might work better.  Yes, I'll take my $ 1.65 check from the BBC and cash it, then go spend it on, uh, well, maybe a few bananas and an avocado? permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Just Do It. permalink parent award report block reply
LaVaughnRobinson 33 points 2 days ago Yea make it illegal in the USA for this shit too.  Neuter the cia mockingbird propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 9 points 2 days ago Pretty sure it already is illegal.  Trump needs to reinstate the Truth Doctrine that Reagan's administration ended.  That is when the news began its slide into propaganda - then went into turbo-mode during and after Obama administration. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 7 points 2 days ago i think the smith-mundt act made it legal. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 3 points 2 days ago correct. permalink parent award report block reply
OrangeElvis 9 points 2 days ago Pretty sure it already is illegal.  Trump needs to reinstate the Truth Doctrine that Reagan's administration ended.  That is when the news began its slide into propaganda - then went into turbo-mode during and after Obama administration. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 7 points 2 days ago i think the smith-mundt act made it legal. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 3 points 2 days ago correct. permalink parent award report block reply
emorphia 7 points 2 days ago i think the smith-mundt act made it legal. permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 3 points 2 days ago correct. permalink parent award report block reply
OrangeElvis 3 points 2 days ago correct. permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 19 points 2 days ago And don't let them off with a measley $15 million dollar settlement. These lying leftist "news" organizations need to be brought to the brink of bankruptcy. Remember when Fox Snooze was forced into a $788 million dollar settlement to Dominion for telling the truth about them rigging the election? permalink parent award report block reply AlwaysTrumper2020 9 points 2 days ago Starting ask, $100 billion and Trump Media gets control of all BBC assets.   Or maybe make them give the assets  to Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 2 days ago His demand is $1 billion permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Trump needs to hire Hulk Hogan's lawyer for these cases.  That guy bankrupted the media company that defamed the Hulkster. permalink parent award report block reply GodSaveTheWest 2 points 2 days ago Isnt the bbc funded by english taxes? Its a shame thats probably where the settlement will come from. permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 2 days ago Yes. It's funded by the TV license fee and is the equivalent of about $159 per year. Most patriotic Brits despise the BBC, and I'm sure would love PDJT to destroy it with a massive lawsuit. permalink parent award report block reply
AlwaysTrumper2020 9 points 2 days ago Starting ask, $100 billion and Trump Media gets control of all BBC assets.   Or maybe make them give the assets  to Alex Jones. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 5 points 2 days ago His demand is $1 billion permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 5 points 2 days ago His demand is $1 billion permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Trump needs to hire Hulk Hogan's lawyer for these cases.  That guy bankrupted the media company that defamed the Hulkster. permalink parent award report block reply
GodSaveTheWest 2 points 2 days ago Isnt the bbc funded by english taxes? Its a shame thats probably where the settlement will come from. permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 2 days ago Yes. It's funded by the TV license fee and is the equivalent of about $159 per year. Most patriotic Brits despise the BBC, and I'm sure would love PDJT to destroy it with a massive lawsuit. permalink parent award report block reply
Tacitus1963 2 points 2 days ago Yes. It's funded by the TV license fee and is the equivalent of about $159 per year. Most patriotic Brits despise the BBC, and I'm sure would love PDJT to destroy it with a massive lawsuit. permalink parent award report block reply
Tongs_Ya_Bass 6 points 2 days ago Came here to say this. And shame them for covering for Muslim rape gangs while he's at it. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotLady1 1 points 2 days ago WOULDN'T IT BE GREAT if the "settlement" WOULD BE DIVIDED UP & SENT AS "checks to American citizens" IN SEPTEMBER right before the MID-TERM ELECTIONS???
﻿😱﻿﻿👍﻿﻿😱﻿﻿﻿👍﻿﻿😱﻿﻿
THAT would be a play out of the DEM "handbook" JUST LIKE THEY JUST DID WITH THE SCHUMER-SHUT-DOWN! permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 2 days ago Class action suit on behalf of Trump voters who had their votes negated by their lies?  That might work better.  Yes, I'll take my $ 1.65 check from the BBC and cash it, then go spend it on, uh, well, maybe a few bananas and an avocado? permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 2 points 2 days ago Class action suit on behalf of Trump voters who had their votes negated by their lies?  That might work better.  Yes, I'll take my $ 1.65 check from the BBC and cash it, then go spend it on, uh, well, maybe a few bananas and an avocado? permalink parent award report block reply
raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Just Do It. permalink parent award report block reply
POTUS_DonnieJ 36 points 2 days ago This needs to go far beyond a lawsuit. Since the BBC is state owned, one can argue that this was a case of state sponsored aggression against the United States. There need to be state level repercussions. Would be a shame if Trump hit that commie hellhole with a 100% tariff. Furthermore, there is no doubt in my mind that a BBC video influenced more people than a few thousand dollars worth of Russian Facebook ads, so you can argue that the UK interfered in our elections more than Russia ever did. Perhaps some sanctions are in order on top of the aforementioned tariffs. If he does want to sue, he should go after the now resigned CEO and anyone involved in that doctored story personally rather than after the BBC as an organization. permalink award report block reply 1_Badcop 9 points 2 days ago There were Brits here in 2024 and this past month doing election work for the democrats/socialists. I don't understand how this wasn't an international incident of some sort. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago Yes, it was known back in 2024 that Brits were here working for the dems permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 2 days ago Faggot judge says trunk cannot set tariffs, not defend himself permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 9 points 2 days ago There were Brits here in 2024 and this past month doing election work for the democrats/socialists. I don't understand how this wasn't an international incident of some sort. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago Yes, it was known back in 2024 that Brits were here working for the dems permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago Yes, it was known back in 2024 that Brits were here working for the dems permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 1 points 2 days ago Faggot judge says trunk cannot set tariffs, not defend himself permalink parent award report block reply
American-Patriot 25 points 2 days ago Good. They must be punished permalink award report block reply TheBigPastrami 13 points 2 days ago 100%. Probably an understatement. Doctoring videos like that can alter the course of human history. $1 billion lawsuit is almost too low permalink parent award report block reply pepperonishoes 2 points 2 days ago Make it so. permalink parent award report block reply
TheBigPastrami 13 points 2 days ago 100%. Probably an understatement. Doctoring videos like that can alter the course of human history. $1 billion lawsuit is almost too low permalink parent award report block reply
pepperonishoes 2 points 2 days ago Make it so. permalink parent award report block reply
OldGloryUnfurled 16 points 2 days ago BBC (or any MSM for that matter) can run a knowingly-erroneous or misleading story long enough to get it out there and have damage be done to the populous who take it at face value and retract it only afterwards with a 'we apologize....sorry'. But that does not undo the damage. permalink award report block reply brainphreeze 5 points 2 days ago It's being reported as "fascist Trump dictating what media outlets can say about him" The media are lapping this up, making themselves the victim and the story at the same time, all while orange man even more bad permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago True, but literally doctoring the video, like 60 Minutes did, and the BBC did here, isn't that. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 2 points 2 days ago I know NPCs who saw the “documentary” and assumed it to be 100% correct permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I work with people who still believe Russia gate and the fine people hoax because MSM never truly retracts their lies permalink parent award report block reply
brainphreeze 5 points 2 days ago It's being reported as "fascist Trump dictating what media outlets can say about him" The media are lapping this up, making themselves the victim and the story at the same time, all while orange man even more bad permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago True, but literally doctoring the video, like 60 Minutes did, and the BBC did here, isn't that. permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 2 points 2 days ago I know NPCs who saw the “documentary” and assumed it to be 100% correct permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I work with people who still believe Russia gate and the fine people hoax because MSM never truly retracts their lies permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I work with people who still believe Russia gate and the fine people hoax because MSM never truly retracts their lies permalink parent award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 13 points 2 days ago The BBC does absolutely nothing without approval from the UK government. Why is Trump pretending that it's just the BBC that is at fault? This was an act of war and the UK should be treated the same as any other hostile nation that attacks the USA. They definitely shouldn't be allowed into any kind of military alliance with our country and they should be sanctioned and treated in every possible way as a hostile foreign adversary. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 8 points 2 days ago The same way we treat hostile nations? Welcome their criminals and give them our money? permalink parent award report block reply pepperonishoes 4 points 2 days ago You got a point fren. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Same reason he hasn't gone after the '5 eyes'  foreign spy outfits that spied on him and his campaign. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago I was arguing with a Canadian leftist back at the beginning of the year. He was saying that Trump's rhetoric could damage long standing agreements with Canada, like the "5 Eyes" program. I asked him if he actually knew what that program did. He didn't. Damaging that program wouldn't bother me a bit. permalink parent award report block reply the-new-style 3 points 2 days ago Add a Brit Bong I agree. And don't think it was just this one programme. A bf all the channels here are the same. He's had virtually no positive counter permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 1 points 2 days ago The UK government will be paying the bill in some way. permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 8 points 2 days ago The same way we treat hostile nations? Welcome their criminals and give them our money? permalink parent award report block reply pepperonishoes 4 points 2 days ago You got a point fren. permalink parent award report block reply
pepperonishoes 4 points 2 days ago You got a point fren. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 3 points 2 days ago Same reason he hasn't gone after the '5 eyes'  foreign spy outfits that spied on him and his campaign. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago I was arguing with a Canadian leftist back at the beginning of the year. He was saying that Trump's rhetoric could damage long standing agreements with Canada, like the "5 Eyes" program. I asked him if he actually knew what that program did. He didn't. Damaging that program wouldn't bother me a bit. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago I was arguing with a Canadian leftist back at the beginning of the year. He was saying that Trump's rhetoric could damage long standing agreements with Canada, like the "5 Eyes" program. I asked him if he actually knew what that program did. He didn't. Damaging that program wouldn't bother me a bit. permalink parent award report block reply
the-new-style 3 points 2 days ago Add a Brit Bong I agree. And don't think it was just this one programme. A bf all the channels here are the same. He's had virtually no positive counter permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 1 points 2 days ago The UK government will be paying the bill in some way. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 8 points 2 days ago Good. It's the only way they'll ever learn. If they thought they'd get away with something so blatant on this topic, what else are they lying about (hint: everything) permalink award report block reply
Rucktoe 8 points 2 days ago He absolutely should, it was a deliberate lie. permalink award report block reply
White-tailed_Eagle 6 points 2 days ago As someone from the UK, I say: Good, let the BBC have to go to court. I Hope the BBC loses millions over this. permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 2 days ago Won’t the case be filed and brought in front of a British magistrate in “his majesty’s” British court? Somehow I don’t think that the UK judges - many of them also foreigners in white powdered wigs - will be any less infected with TDS than the judges in the USA. permalink parent award report block reply White-tailed_Eagle 3 points 2 days ago That is true, but the fact that it has got to this stage would be a massive embarrasment for the BBC. The more people that see the edited vs non edited clips side by side, the more people who will cancel their licence fee and bankrupt the BBC. permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 2 days ago Won’t the case be filed and brought in front of a British magistrate in “his majesty’s” British court? Somehow I don’t think that the UK judges - many of them also foreigners in white powdered wigs - will be any less infected with TDS than the judges in the USA. permalink parent award report block reply White-tailed_Eagle 3 points 2 days ago That is true, but the fact that it has got to this stage would be a massive embarrasment for the BBC. The more people that see the edited vs non edited clips side by side, the more people who will cancel their licence fee and bankrupt the BBC. permalink parent award report block reply
White-tailed_Eagle 3 points 2 days ago That is true, but the fact that it has got to this stage would be a massive embarrasment for the BBC. The more people that see the edited vs non edited clips side by side, the more people who will cancel their licence fee and bankrupt the BBC. permalink parent award report block reply
Rucktoe 4 points 2 days ago As I think about this more, why did they admit to it?  Liberals are only ever honest when they are trying to hide something. permalink award report block reply
Antenna 4 points 2 days ago The government of Great Britain is truly our greatest enemy. BBC= British gov't. They created Israel. They played a HUGE role in trying to take Trump down: Russia/Russia/Russia, Steele dossier, all of it. They are becoming a Communist-Muslim shit hole. permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 4 points 2 days ago Oi, mate Do you have a loicence to sue us?  We are the state sponshired media ahfter ahll permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 2 days ago cam on then <pulls out a fork to do battle> <because guns, knives banned> permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 1 points 2 days ago cam on then <pulls out a fork to do battle> <because guns, knives banned> permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 4 points 2 days ago Trump isn’t fucking around this time with these fake news merchants. And the beauty of it is, he’s using his own money and his own private attorneys to go after them so the left can’t reeee about sicking the government on his “enemies”. permalink award report block reply MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I hope he not only sues for a billion, but makes them open up speech so that British people can say what they think without being arrested. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_APN 2 points 2 days ago I hope he not only sues for a billion, but makes them open up speech so that British people can say what they think without being arrested. permalink parent award report block reply
spinometer2 3 points 2 days ago As restitution the BBC (UK taxpayer) should reimburse his campaign for all expenses that came after. Then he should personally receive compensation for reputational damage of at least a couple billion, then there should be damages added to deter future acts. permalink award report block reply
itspancakees 3 points 2 days ago Don't stop there. The BBC is an extension of the UK government. What they did is espionage. Resignations aren't enough. There need to be criminal charges I've said it many times. Europe is dragging America down. We should divide Europe between the US and Russia and the relationship should be extractive. permalink award report block reply
lifeisahologram 3 points 2 days ago And he will win, even with the corrupt UK courts. It was so blatant, the dude resigned preemptively and didn’t even try to defend it lol permalink award report block reply
VirTW 3 points 2 days ago Trump should agree to retract the lawsuit if the BBC will stop ruining Doctor Who permalink award report block reply
abstr4ct 2 points 2 days ago the BBC is leftist propaganda trash. permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 2 points 2 days ago It's a start permalink award report block reply
TheSwampThang 2 points 2 days ago How about exposing j6 as an inside job and arresting everyone involved? permalink award report block reply
VirtusHonos 2 points 2 days ago of course he should sue - the adverse editing of his words is plainly more fraudulent and damaging than 60 Minutes' buffing up Kamala's word salad
and considering it defames the most powerful person on the planet, the price should be punishingly high permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 2 points 2 days ago As he should permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 2 points 2 days ago Bar them from broadcasting in the USA until a full apology and corrected story is broadcast in prime time. permalink award report block reply
spezisacuckold 2 points 2 days ago He better not fucking settle for less like he usually does with these lawsuits permalink award report block reply
JesusisLordofAll777 2 points 2 days ago I bet cbc did the same permalink award report block reply
ElectionMeddler 2 points 2 days ago Another wing added to the Presidential library. permalink award report block reply
Bramage 2 points 2 days ago Degenerate BBC is run by a muzzie and since when has the traitorous uk government care about facts and truth? permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 2 points 2 days ago Does he have to sue them in the UK? permalink award report block reply
cosmos411 2 points 2 days ago Sue them into oblivion. permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 2 days ago Good. They intentionally lied. permalink award report block reply
Baptito 2 points 2 days ago Sue them for 1 gazillion billion dollars. permalink award report block reply
Owmyballz 2 points 2 days ago And guess what, the UK actually has defamation laws, unlike the US where the level to meet defamation is a joke.  Trump will win "biggly" against the BBC.  This is going to be fucking hillarious. permalink award report block reply
pococurante 2 points 2 days ago Love to see it, and this will be an easy win. Unlike in the US where you have to prove both damages and malicious intent, in the UK you can't get away with lying and claiming "I made a mistake". permalink award report block reply
weholdthesetruths 2 points 2 days ago Can he sue a corporation based in the UK? permalink award report block reply
bigdar 2 points 2 days ago He should also sue Canada for the fake Reagan commercial. permalink award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 2 days ago This is the way!  Sure them for $1 billion (with a B). permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 2 days ago Sue them for $1 trillion! (With a T!) permalink parent award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 1 points 2 days ago Sue them for $1 trillion! (With a T!) permalink parent award report block reply
FlyinHeadlock 2 points 2 days ago There is a video of all the splicing they did on Trump. This was more than selective editing. What they did was a top tier level of egregious splicing. People should go to prison. permalink award report block reply
brainphreeze 2 points 2 days ago Britbong TV license will go up as a result lmao permalink award report block reply
Chickapede 2 points 2 days ago Ooh, discovery would be fascinating on this one. permalink award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 2 points 2 days ago Could hold weight considering all the lawfare permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 1 points 2 days ago Their CEO and some bitch resigned. I guess they didn't want to deal with the blowback during the inquiry into their far left propaganda dissemination. Sue them for 100 million pounds so that their ass feels each and every pounding. permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 2 days ago Why not CBC in Canada as well? permalink award report block reply
Pats5x 1 points 2 days ago Jfc enough with the fucking lawsuits...release the Epstein files and show us all these bazillions tariffs have brought it.   Where are the jobs? permalink award report block reply
YearninNation 1 points 2 days ago well they announced WTC7 collapsed 26 minutes before it happed but you don't need to suspect anyone had foreknowledge as it was fact-checked. permalink award report block reply
ParmesanCartel -5 points 2 days ago Weird how he doesn't do that to those who claim he's in the Epstein files permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Because he is. We already know this. The "Epstein Files" could -- and legally would -- include any files related to Epstein. He was in Trump's orbit, and Trump aided in dealing with him. So just because they claim he's in the files as a reason to cast doubt about what that entails, doesn't mean they wouldn't be able to deflect from legal action because it is vague. If they explicitly said Trump diddled kids, that might change things. Instead, they use vague statements to refer to something and hope people make the intended connection. Kind of like you. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -1 points 2 days ago Hey, did you think a year ago you'd be making defense arguments regarding Epstein files? Lol permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago It's not a defense argument. This is the same thing that we have known for years at this point. If you testify against someone, you will be in the files related to that person. This isn't hard to understand if you had two braincells to rub together. permalink parent award report block reply Meander871 1 points 2 days ago Note how you use the world "Epstein Files" and not "Epstein's Pedophile List"? permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Because he is. We already know this. The "Epstein Files" could -- and legally would -- include any files related to Epstein. He was in Trump's orbit, and Trump aided in dealing with him. So just because they claim he's in the files as a reason to cast doubt about what that entails, doesn't mean they wouldn't be able to deflect from legal action because it is vague. If they explicitly said Trump diddled kids, that might change things. Instead, they use vague statements to refer to something and hope people make the intended connection. Kind of like you. permalink parent award report block reply ParmesanCartel -1 points 2 days ago Hey, did you think a year ago you'd be making defense arguments regarding Epstein files? Lol permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago It's not a defense argument. This is the same thing that we have known for years at this point. If you testify against someone, you will be in the files related to that person. This isn't hard to understand if you had two braincells to rub together. permalink parent award report block reply Meander871 1 points 2 days ago Note how you use the world "Epstein Files" and not "Epstein's Pedophile List"? permalink parent award report block reply
ParmesanCartel -1 points 2 days ago Hey, did you think a year ago you'd be making defense arguments regarding Epstein files? Lol permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago It's not a defense argument. This is the same thing that we have known for years at this point. If you testify against someone, you will be in the files related to that person. This isn't hard to understand if you had two braincells to rub together. permalink parent award report block reply Meander871 1 points 2 days ago Note how you use the world "Epstein Files" and not "Epstein's Pedophile List"? permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago It's not a defense argument. This is the same thing that we have known for years at this point. If you testify against someone, you will be in the files related to that person. This isn't hard to understand if you had two braincells to rub together. permalink parent award report block reply
Meander871 1 points 2 days ago Note how you use the world "Epstein Files" and not "Epstein's Pedophile List"? permalink parent award report block reply