154 We don't have the talent but the country where the majority don't have toilets or running water does?

Get the hell out of here posted 15 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 5 comments award share report block Brotherhood @DiggingInTheDi1 • 20h We don't have the talent but the country where the majority don't have toilets or running water does? Get the hell out of here @jason @Jason • 21h He said we don’t have certain types of talent and we need to important them to train Americans  — which is 100% correct Let’s not spin it.
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Metal4Freedom 7 points 15 hours ago DEPORT ALL H1-BEANERS permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 3 points 13 hours ago Exactly. I don't see shiny metropolises or scientific achievements that power the world, or influences that change regions for the better. It's a falsehood and we have been thrust with a lie and only to their benefit not ours. permalink award report block reply God-is-good 2 points 8 hours ago The poop throwers, that’s where the brains are. hand to face shaking head permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 2 points 6 hours ago A talent for faking degrees and certifications? permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 7 points 15 hours ago DEPORT ALL H1-BEANERS permalink award report block reply
Counterwhat 3 points 13 hours ago Exactly. I don't see shiny metropolises or scientific achievements that power the world, or influences that change regions for the better. It's a falsehood and we have been thrust with a lie and only to their benefit not ours. permalink award report block reply
God-is-good 2 points 8 hours ago The poop throwers, that’s where the brains are. hand to face shaking head permalink award report block reply
BlackJack1776 2 points 6 hours ago A talent for faking degrees and certifications? permalink award report block reply
possibletower -1 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink award report block reply