41 We’re done with the 90-foot Hindu monkey god statues. We’re done with the Diwali greetings. We’re done with the retarded truck drivers. We don’t have anything in common with these people. We’re not backing down on H1Bs. posted 52 minutes ago by Thatunknownguy 4 comments award share report block BowTiedRanger @BowTiedRanger • 15h We’re done with the 90-foot Hindu monkey god statues. We’re done with the Diwali greetings. We’re done with the retarded truck drivers. We don’t have anything in common with these people. We’re not backing down on H1Bs.
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Thereisnogodbutgoat 1 points 45 minutes ago Now do the Muslims Muslim being a New York mayor Muslim governing  Dearborn MI Muslim ruling Minneapolis Ok with churches being turned into mosques Ok with sharia law Ok with Muslim only townships OK with brother fucker in our senate Ok with Muslim refugees being on SNAP Ok  Muslims taking over every street in US to pray Ok with Muslims calling out for prayer over microphones Children not being able to eat bacon in school because Muslims get offended Halal food cart in every street in NYC Muslim only sharia patrols permalink award report block reply Thatunknownguy OP 1 points 27 minutes ago I dont care about your ethnic feuds with pakistan you jeet youre both going back to the shitholes you came from permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 1 points 29 minutes ago Deport anyone who votes democrat and the problem sorts itself out permalink parent award report block reply liberalshitlord 1 points 29 minutes ago Don’t tell Kash……. permalink award report block reply
Thereisnogodbutgoat 1 points 45 minutes ago Now do the Muslims Muslim being a New York mayor Muslim governing  Dearborn MI Muslim ruling Minneapolis Ok with churches being turned into mosques Ok with sharia law Ok with Muslim only townships OK with brother fucker in our senate Ok with Muslim refugees being on SNAP Ok  Muslims taking over every street in US to pray Ok with Muslims calling out for prayer over microphones Children not being able to eat bacon in school because Muslims get offended Halal food cart in every street in NYC Muslim only sharia patrols permalink award report block reply Thatunknownguy OP 1 points 27 minutes ago I dont care about your ethnic feuds with pakistan you jeet youre both going back to the shitholes you came from permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 1 points 29 minutes ago Deport anyone who votes democrat and the problem sorts itself out permalink parent award report block reply
Thatunknownguy OP 1 points 27 minutes ago I dont care about your ethnic feuds with pakistan you jeet youre both going back to the shitholes you came from permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 1 points 29 minutes ago Deport anyone who votes democrat and the problem sorts itself out permalink parent award report block reply
liberalshitlord 1 points 29 minutes ago Don’t tell Kash……. permalink award report block reply