25 So how many Foreign Students are in US colleges and Universities TODAY? posted 9 hours ago by Bullet3250 7 comments award share report block As of the 2023/24 academic year, there were 1,126,690 international students enrolled at U.S. colleges and universities.
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save BerettaStroker 4 points 9 hours ago So 1 million US students were denied access to higher education to make way for foreigners who steal our IP regularly because they pay "full price" for tuition. Too big to fail sounds familiar. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 OP 2 points 8 hours ago That is correct - and add to that our Public Schools are graduating students who can not read.  And even Harvard now offers REMEDIAL CLASSES for entering freshman. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 3 points 9 hours ago One is to many at the moment. permalink award report block reply Madman13 3 points 9 hours ago Too many, I drove by John Hopkins yesterday and the streets were packed with Chinese and Indians permalink award report block reply JerryNadlerBeltFund 1 points 9 hours ago Foreign / Total enrollment: 1,126,690 / 20,976,008 = 5.3% Please help me understand how cutting/eliminating these foreign spots would "bankrupt half the colleges" in the USA, as Suzie WIles Trump said to Lady Hannity Laura Ingraham. Are 5% of the students covering 50% of the costs to these schools? permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 OP 1 points 8 hours ago Those are numbers are correct... the only difference is that most foreign students PAY FULL RETAIL PRICE for schooling - where instate kids pay very little. permalink parent award report block reply Choomguy 1 points 8 hours ago Very little my ass.  Out of state is just under double, but I don’t know that foreign students even pay that. After under grad they are all t/a’s so probably actually get paid for grad school. permalink parent award report block reply
BerettaStroker 4 points 9 hours ago So 1 million US students were denied access to higher education to make way for foreigners who steal our IP regularly because they pay "full price" for tuition. Too big to fail sounds familiar. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 OP 2 points 8 hours ago That is correct - and add to that our Public Schools are graduating students who can not read.  And even Harvard now offers REMEDIAL CLASSES for entering freshman. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 OP 2 points 8 hours ago That is correct - and add to that our Public Schools are graduating students who can not read.  And even Harvard now offers REMEDIAL CLASSES for entering freshman. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 3 points 9 hours ago One is to many at the moment. permalink award report block reply
Madman13 3 points 9 hours ago Too many, I drove by John Hopkins yesterday and the streets were packed with Chinese and Indians permalink award report block reply
JerryNadlerBeltFund 1 points 9 hours ago Foreign / Total enrollment: 1,126,690 / 20,976,008 = 5.3% Please help me understand how cutting/eliminating these foreign spots would "bankrupt half the colleges" in the USA, as Suzie WIles Trump said to Lady Hannity Laura Ingraham. Are 5% of the students covering 50% of the costs to these schools? permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 OP 1 points 8 hours ago Those are numbers are correct... the only difference is that most foreign students PAY FULL RETAIL PRICE for schooling - where instate kids pay very little. permalink parent award report block reply Choomguy 1 points 8 hours ago Very little my ass.  Out of state is just under double, but I don’t know that foreign students even pay that. After under grad they are all t/a’s so probably actually get paid for grad school. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 OP 1 points 8 hours ago Those are numbers are correct... the only difference is that most foreign students PAY FULL RETAIL PRICE for schooling - where instate kids pay very little. permalink parent award report block reply Choomguy 1 points 8 hours ago Very little my ass.  Out of state is just under double, but I don’t know that foreign students even pay that. After under grad they are all t/a’s so probably actually get paid for grad school. permalink parent award report block reply
Choomguy 1 points 8 hours ago Very little my ass.  Out of state is just under double, but I don’t know that foreign students even pay that. After under grad they are all t/a’s so probably actually get paid for grad school. permalink parent award report block reply