323 I dont even know who this guy is anymore posted 8 hours ago by MAG-n-KAG 40 comments award share download report block
40 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style FusionBlack 22 points 8 hours ago Absolutely . permalink award report block reply RejectoftheRepublic 13 points 8 hours ago Facts permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 10 points 7 hours ago I expected this from Jeb, not Trump. permalink award report block reply FKH2 8 points 7 hours ago I voted for Trump and still got Kamala permalink award report block reply SCP0073 4 points 5 hours ago Not even a year in permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 3 points 24 minutes ago You lost tranny! Trump still would have won with those policies because Democrats campaigned for gay multiracial communism. People were tired of woke issues. Trump's policies don't affect you. permalink award report block reply justicein2020 2 points 4 hours ago Spend 40 days screaming 'clean bill'. Can't even do that. Hemp ban! Just slide that right in there. Alcohol lobby said so. Can't do shit about voting, or the border, or the 3rd worlder flood. locked up none of the criminals. 50 year mortgages and 15 year car loans! 80 billion to bailout blackrock exposed argentina! smh permalink award report block reply elgordo 2 points 7 hours ago I will give him some slack, because he is all we got and he is doing a lot of great things. He has to navigate the swamp and it may not always go our way. Deals need to be made because he is not the king. Not happy about it but I have no problem with people calling him out either. permalink award report block reply Adaudeh 1 points 3 hours ago We’ve been lied to permalink award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 0 points 4 hours ago Reminder to deport the left wing shills like this permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 2 hours ago He is a guy who makes deals, and discard losers. So if you do not like it, you must be on the loser side of things. You will never find Trump on the loser side of things. permalink award report block reply Captain_Updoot -1 points 2 hours ago You litmus-testing, slack-jawed faggots really think the Harris clown wouldn’t be 100x worse?
Eat a bag of dicks & choke. I’ll take the small ‘w’ and hope for better.
Thanks for the attention permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG OP 1 points 2 hours ago nobody is saying they shouldve voted Harris, you dumb fuck.  we're just really disappointed in Trump. permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -9 points 7 hours ago I dont even know what this forum is anymore. Looks like the concern trolls, undercover leftists and bots have taken over the forum. READ THE RULES:  Be here for MAGA and Trump There are countless forums for concern trolling, anti-Trump sentiment etc.  You might even try Hasan Piker's stream.  It seems to align more closely to your feelings on Trump. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 13 points 7 hours ago Trump is currently not here for MAGA or Trump. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 4 hours ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply EuphoricTrillby 9 points 6 hours ago We’re not a cult. Stop acting like how Leftists talk about Obama. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 3 points 5 hours ago If we want to keep cheering for Trump, he needs to not do this kind of shit with no explanation as to how it might be necessary to open up 50 year mortgages and bring in more chinese spies to our universities. At least on the H1b topic he told us why, and apparently its because we is retarded and sheeet. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah, this is the place to suck Trump’s cock. If you don’t want to suck him off then get out of here and leave us fags alone to do what we enjoy. Us fags have had enough of you all non Trump cock lovers! Get out of here!!! permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -21 points 7 hours ago fag Cry harder that Trump has completely confused you. I’m thrilled that the trolls are completely COMPLETELY! out of the loop and have no idea what he will do or suggest next. Remember: All his remarks are 100% LEGAL, thx to the GAY muslim Kenyan fucking with Smith-Mundt 😆 permalink award report block reply brutustyberius -21 points 8 hours ago Since when is this an anti trump site. Almost worse than CNN. What the fuck people? Through thick and thin. Don't you think he needs a little support right now. Don't you think that you, yourself could be doing more instead of piling on. Summer soldiers, all of you. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 27 points 7 hours ago Cheerleading for loser policies is not 'pro Trump'.  Getting him to course correct is. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 17 points 7 hours ago We're not married to the fucking guy. We've been duped. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 5 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 47 minutes ago It's not a reaction to this past week only. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 43 minutes ago Understood, but this past week is what has normie MAGA concerned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... brutustyberius -1 points 3 hours ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah I voted for him twice, I have a right to my opinion. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 16 points 8 hours ago Nobody is above criticism. If he suddenly turned around and say whites are born evil and this is a black world, would you still blindly throw in with him? permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -10 points 7 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 6 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 12 points 8 hours ago MAGA > Trump permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 0 points 3 hours ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 10 points 7 hours ago Don't you think he needs a little support right now WTF I love H1Bs and Chinese spies! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Be_The_Change 0 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG OP 7 points 8 hours ago Imo, I think he was MAGA.  But he made deals with the devil to get reelected, and now he's beholden to them. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 7 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 7 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 22 points 8 hours ago Absolutely . permalink award report block reply
RejectoftheRepublic 13 points 8 hours ago Facts permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 10 points 7 hours ago I expected this from Jeb, not Trump. permalink award report block reply
FKH2 8 points 7 hours ago I voted for Trump and still got Kamala permalink award report block reply
SCP0073 4 points 5 hours ago Not even a year in permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 3 points 24 minutes ago You lost tranny! Trump still would have won with those policies because Democrats campaigned for gay multiracial communism. People were tired of woke issues. Trump's policies don't affect you. permalink award report block reply
justicein2020 2 points 4 hours ago Spend 40 days screaming 'clean bill'. Can't even do that. Hemp ban! Just slide that right in there. Alcohol lobby said so. Can't do shit about voting, or the border, or the 3rd worlder flood. locked up none of the criminals. 50 year mortgages and 15 year car loans! 80 billion to bailout blackrock exposed argentina! smh permalink award report block reply
elgordo 2 points 7 hours ago I will give him some slack, because he is all we got and he is doing a lot of great things. He has to navigate the swamp and it may not always go our way. Deals need to be made because he is not the king. Not happy about it but I have no problem with people calling him out either. permalink award report block reply
Adaudeh 1 points 3 hours ago We’ve been lied to permalink award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 0 points 4 hours ago Reminder to deport the left wing shills like this permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 2 hours ago He is a guy who makes deals, and discard losers. So if you do not like it, you must be on the loser side of things. You will never find Trump on the loser side of things. permalink award report block reply
Captain_Updoot -1 points 2 hours ago You litmus-testing, slack-jawed faggots really think the Harris clown wouldn’t be 100x worse?
Thanks for the attention permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG OP 1 points 2 hours ago nobody is saying they shouldve voted Harris, you dumb fuck.  we're just really disappointed in Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG OP 1 points 2 hours ago nobody is saying they shouldve voted Harris, you dumb fuck.  we're just really disappointed in Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
mojorisen -9 points 7 hours ago I dont even know what this forum is anymore. Looks like the concern trolls, undercover leftists and bots have taken over the forum. READ THE RULES:  Be here for MAGA and Trump There are countless forums for concern trolling, anti-Trump sentiment etc.  You might even try Hasan Piker's stream.  It seems to align more closely to your feelings on Trump. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 13 points 7 hours ago Trump is currently not here for MAGA or Trump. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 4 hours ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply EuphoricTrillby 9 points 6 hours ago We’re not a cult. Stop acting like how Leftists talk about Obama. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 3 points 5 hours ago If we want to keep cheering for Trump, he needs to not do this kind of shit with no explanation as to how it might be necessary to open up 50 year mortgages and bring in more chinese spies to our universities. At least on the H1b topic he told us why, and apparently its because we is retarded and sheeet. permalink parent award report block reply Trump43v3r 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah, this is the place to suck Trump’s cock. If you don’t want to suck him off then get out of here and leave us fags alone to do what we enjoy. Us fags have had enough of you all non Trump cock lovers! Get out of here!!! permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 13 points 7 hours ago Trump is currently not here for MAGA or Trump. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 4 hours ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 4 hours ago Please put your nuts in a blender so we don’t have future generations of communists permalink parent award report block reply
EuphoricTrillby 9 points 6 hours ago We’re not a cult. Stop acting like how Leftists talk about Obama. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 3 points 5 hours ago If we want to keep cheering for Trump, he needs to not do this kind of shit with no explanation as to how it might be necessary to open up 50 year mortgages and bring in more chinese spies to our universities. At least on the H1b topic he told us why, and apparently its because we is retarded and sheeet. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump43v3r 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah, this is the place to suck Trump’s cock. If you don’t want to suck him off then get out of here and leave us fags alone to do what we enjoy. Us fags have had enough of you all non Trump cock lovers! Get out of here!!! permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -21 points 7 hours ago fag Cry harder that Trump has completely confused you. I’m thrilled that the trolls are completely COMPLETELY! out of the loop and have no idea what he will do or suggest next. Remember: All his remarks are 100% LEGAL, thx to the GAY muslim Kenyan fucking with Smith-Mundt 😆 permalink award report block reply
brutustyberius -21 points 8 hours ago Since when is this an anti trump site. Almost worse than CNN. What the fuck people? Through thick and thin. Don't you think he needs a little support right now. Don't you think that you, yourself could be doing more instead of piling on. Summer soldiers, all of you. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 27 points 7 hours ago Cheerleading for loser policies is not 'pro Trump'.  Getting him to course correct is. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 17 points 7 hours ago We're not married to the fucking guy. We've been duped. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 5 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 47 minutes ago It's not a reaction to this past week only. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 43 minutes ago Understood, but this past week is what has normie MAGA concerned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... brutustyberius -1 points 3 hours ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah I voted for him twice, I have a right to my opinion. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 16 points 8 hours ago Nobody is above criticism. If he suddenly turned around and say whites are born evil and this is a black world, would you still blindly throw in with him? permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -10 points 7 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 6 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 12 points 8 hours ago MAGA > Trump permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 0 points 3 hours ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 10 points 7 hours ago Don't you think he needs a little support right now WTF I love H1Bs and Chinese spies! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
Datamancer 27 points 7 hours ago Cheerleading for loser policies is not 'pro Trump'.  Getting him to course correct is. permalink parent award report block reply
LiquidSun 17 points 7 hours ago We're not married to the fucking guy. We've been duped. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 5 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 47 minutes ago It's not a reaction to this past week only. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 43 minutes ago Understood, but this past week is what has normie MAGA concerned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... brutustyberius -1 points 3 hours ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah I voted for him twice, I have a right to my opinion. permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 1 points 5 hours ago I agree with the sentiment that this last week has been pretty tough, but I think your comment is an over reaction. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 47 minutes ago It's not a reaction to this past week only. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 43 minutes ago Understood, but this past week is what has normie MAGA concerned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LiquidSun 1 points 47 minutes ago It's not a reaction to this past week only. permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 1 points 43 minutes ago Understood, but this past week is what has normie MAGA concerned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
mathteach314159 1 points 43 minutes ago Understood, but this past week is what has normie MAGA concerned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
brutustyberius -1 points 3 hours ago This is a pro Trump site. permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah I voted for him twice, I have a right to my opinion. permalink parent award report block reply
LiquidSun 1 points 2 hours ago Yeah I voted for him twice, I have a right to my opinion. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 16 points 8 hours ago Nobody is above criticism. If he suddenly turned around and say whites are born evil and this is a black world, would you still blindly throw in with him? permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -10 points 7 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 6 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
mojorisen -10 points 7 hours ago While this may be true, you are in the wrong forum.  Follow the rules or be exported. Either find another forum (maybe r/politics) or start your own forum called "I like Trump when he does exactly what I want" forum. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 4 points 6 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 4 points 6 hours ago Too much of a democrat in you. Our leaders are not monoliths. He doesn't get a blind support just because he's Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 12 points 8 hours ago MAGA > Trump permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 0 points 3 hours ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply
brutustyberius 0 points 3 hours ago Go to the MAGA site. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 10 points 7 hours ago Don't you think he needs a little support right now WTF I love H1Bs and Chinese spies! permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 0 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply MAG-n-KAG OP 7 points 8 hours ago Imo, I think he was MAGA.  But he made deals with the devil to get reelected, and now he's beholden to them. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 7 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 7 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG OP 7 points 8 hours ago Imo, I think he was MAGA.  But he made deals with the devil to get reelected, and now he's beholden to them. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 6 points 7 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 7 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 6 points 7 hours ago The (((devil))) permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 3 points 7 hours ago Meh. He signed hundreds of EO's in 2 months, passing his entire agenda... Then, when he was done, and they were all being overturned, he moved onto foreign shit nobody cares about. This most recent interview has been a catastrophy, but most of what's happening now is outside of what he campaigned on. He hasn't spoken negatively about H1B since 2019 or so; Trump 2.0 is a tech-bro, and "loooves" H1B; that certainly doens't mean we have to. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply