69 H1Bs, faster naturalizations and 600k CCP spies? posted 5 hours ago by Herpawinski 6 comments award share download report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Walked Away – Now We Know Why Read More Ads by Ad.Style Herpawinski OP 5 points 5 hours ago Seriously. I'm in for the long haul, but he needs some new advisers. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 1 points 4 hours ago Have to agree. Whoever advised him to lean into H1Bs needs to be fired. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 4 hours ago He is being advised to give democrats all the power with fake news talking points in midterms... its all funneling into the brainwashing machines permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 3 points 5 hours ago don't forget 50 year mortgages and the embrace of usury as no big deal permalink award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic 2 points 5 hours ago someone check on President Trump.  He has been kidnapped or having a stroke.  FFS, none of this is AF/MAGA. permalink award report block reply Oleander 1 points 3 hours ago Serious question, when was the last time American Whites actually chimped out? Hundreds of years ago? I think the declining testosterone levels are starting to show. Today's people are more afraid of the government than they are of us. Remember, there is nothing guaranteed about freedom, billions around the world live under the boot of their governments. We are not immune here, that is becoming very clear with how our politicians consistently demonstrate that they don't give a fuck about our interests. permalink award report block reply
Herpawinski OP 5 points 5 hours ago Seriously. I'm in for the long haul, but he needs some new advisers. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 1 points 4 hours ago Have to agree. Whoever advised him to lean into H1Bs needs to be fired. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 4 hours ago He is being advised to give democrats all the power with fake news talking points in midterms... its all funneling into the brainwashing machines permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 1 points 4 hours ago Have to agree. Whoever advised him to lean into H1Bs needs to be fired. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 1 points 4 hours ago He is being advised to give democrats all the power with fake news talking points in midterms... its all funneling into the brainwashing machines permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 3 points 5 hours ago don't forget 50 year mortgages and the embrace of usury as no big deal permalink award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic 2 points 5 hours ago someone check on President Trump.  He has been kidnapped or having a stroke.  FFS, none of this is AF/MAGA. permalink award report block reply
Oleander 1 points 3 hours ago Serious question, when was the last time American Whites actually chimped out? Hundreds of years ago? I think the declining testosterone levels are starting to show. Today's people are more afraid of the government than they are of us. Remember, there is nothing guaranteed about freedom, billions around the world live under the boot of their governments. We are not immune here, that is becoming very clear with how our politicians consistently demonstrate that they don't give a fuck about our interests. permalink award report block reply