1404 U.S. Supreme Court allows Trump to withhold SNAP funding pending review — AP posted 5 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 148 comments award share download report block
148 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save berserkerbarrage 211 points 5 days ago This headline implies that Trump has the legal and Constitutional means to fund SNAP but is choosing not to, which is a lie. The reality is that the lower courts ordered him to do something that he can't do. permalink award report block reply killedmytv 105 points 5 days ago If I understand it correctly, the lower courts basically said Trump must break the law to fund the gibs. Trump finally defied a court order which was blatantly bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 55 points 5 days ago Yeah, and let's be real and recognize what was going to come next: they were going to try to use it as a trap to go after him legally. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 25 points 5 days ago Not a novel way of using lawfare to go after a President but I have to say that these judges are using a relentless coordinated attack.  Have to shut down their funding just like USAID shutdown threw off kilter a lot of loud propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth -1 points 5 days ago Propaganda… end it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... vongregormench 3 points 5 days ago It's pretty hard to go after someone for obeying a court order though. If he just lets the courts order him around like a string puppet (which is kinda what's happening) it's a new level of stupid to say he did something wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 4 days ago "You should have known it was illegal" blah blah blah. They have had no basis for any lawfare so far, they don't even need to succeed. They just want headlines for their drones. In fact, forging a perception that Trump did something wrong works better in their eyes because it makes it look like they need to be elected to fix the system. permalink parent award report block reply preferredfault 2 points 4 days ago Yep. If he pays it, they'll say he illegally used funds. If he doesn't pay it, they'll say he illegally didn't pay. Of course the first one is the correct one. But more importantly: If he pays it, all that disaster relief money is gone. So when a hurricane or flood happens, he will have to go to the Democrats to make deals to get that money back, OR veto re-opening the government until those funds taken to pay food stamps are put back by congress, at which point the Democrats would say Trump is the one keeping the government closed and keeping people from getting food stamps. The correct choice is to do nothing at all by not paying for food stamps. If congress can't agree on a budget, it's not Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 22 points 5 days ago he didn't defy anything permalink parent award report block reply MAGANatsFan 15 points 5 days ago True. The order was today, but he appealed. And Scotus paused the order. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago They provided a verbal order that is required to be in writing which is meant to allow someone to address an injunction prior to implementation. They couldn't review it to allow even assessment of potential for ambiguity. The review will be "um you didn't even file this correctly". Refile and let's try again. permalink parent award report block reply Tcrlaf1 12 points 5 days ago The SCOTUS order was from Jumanji. Pretty messed up when even she knows the lower court order was illegal and unconstitutional. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 7 points 5 days ago Because they basically made the equivalent of an order scribbled on a cocktail napkin that said "Trump is ordered to pay SNAP." It would make them retarded if they even accept it. Even Jumanji can see that. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 7 points 4 days ago Trump ordered to divine money out of nowhere to pay out a program he has no control over because feels. wah wah, now it's all his fault. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 6 points 5 days ago They were having him raid the child nutrition program, which is fully funded and appropriated by congress for that purpose. Yes the court was ordering him to do something that is clearly illegal. permalink parent award report block reply Marat1792 3 points 5 days ago Worse than that. Technically he was following a different court order that hasn't made it up the chain yet. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Doritalos 11 points 5 days ago Also Trump was going to release the funds anyway so the "allows Trump to withhold" is shit headline. Headlines should be that the supreme court freezes emergency SNAP funds. permalink parent award report block reply CaliAli 6 points 5 days ago President Trump can call up the Pepe Army and do whatever he wants.  Cuz 'Merica. permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 2 points 4 days ago But we can't have accurate headlines now can we? Anything to imply Trump is a monster. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago With all these BS lower courts, being on edge for a sound SC opinion is nerve racking.  I'm calling it a win.  Some of these SC cases are so big that one wrong opinion will really screw America. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... MajorClark 89 points 5 days ago US tax payers aren't the worlds welfare center! permalink award report block reply 9999999999 61 points 5 days ago We wish we weren't, but in reality we very much have been and are. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 27 points 5 days ago Illegal aliens were given up to three times the benefits of Americans and around thirty thousand dollars to buy a house. permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 17 points 5 days ago This should enrage all Americans. permalink parent award report block reply h203h 7 points 5 days ago We should be able to kick them out of where they live and claim it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Honestly if that is true (and I think it is to an extent) the fact that the government has not released a comprehensive review of (cough) undocumented (read illegal) alien funding benefits I think would go a long way to sorting this out. If for no other reason that how fantastical the claim is because of how insane it is that your own people would be starved while people just visiting would receive such massive amounts of funding. I would love to see a consolidated report from the feds that includes what benefits and what payouts were coming to illegals in a state by state report that is available for everyone to see. The thing I hate about these discussions is its really hard to provide a hard source that isn't clearly agenda driven while at least as a congressional report you can claim some level of bipartisanship. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago It's even worse. Many years ago Congress passed a law letting refugee applicants from a few certain countries be given Social Security. The intent was obviously to only apply to a few real refugees. Biden's administration decided to give every single person from those countries the maximum amount of Social Security as soon as they applied for asylum. Leftwing NGO's and "charities" were helping the illegal aliens apply, on the condition that the NGO gets to keep a portion of the Social Security payments. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TooTrue-translation 14 points 5 days ago Thankfully Clarence understands this. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Kbj also was in favor!  I guess a broken clock  can be right twice permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 13 points 5 days ago Starve the beast. Keep the government shut down. Let the chips fall where they may! permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 5 points 5 days ago I don't think any other country has a welfare system like ours.  Maybe the UK does, but I am not familiar.  Of course the leeches of the world will all come here.  It takes too much work to be smart and develop your own communities.  Much easier to just gut them and move onto another one to do the same thing again. permalink parent award report block reply HuggableBear 10 points 5 days ago The UK does, but guess who funds it? US! permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 4 days ago $38 trillion debt says you are wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 5 days ago Yes we are... permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... CaptRied 51 points 5 days ago The Supreme Court does not allow the US President to do something, they merely determine if what he is doing, or is preparing to do, is constitutional. permalink award report block reply Krat 8 points 5 days ago Thats not how the leftist judges think or hownour world works anymore permalink parent award report block reply half-blacktrump 29 points 5 days ago Title should read- Supreme Court confirms The president is well with in his authority permalink award report block reply Ant-Man 23 points 5 days ago No the headline should read court rules Trump has no authority tob restore SNAP funding. permalink parent award report block reply NickAtNight 7 points 5 days ago Unless he declares an emergency… and dissolves parliament … jails the perps… and other Rubicon stuff. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 4 points 5 days ago We have a parliament? permalink parent award report block reply Jinrei 4 points 5 days ago Agreed 👍🏾 permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 3 points 5 days ago Kinda.  Justice Katana Buttnose said the appellate court as 48 hours to super serious reconsider shit.  And then whatever... permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 23 points 5 days ago Aw, snap! Tomorrow could be interesting. Hope you stocked up on popcorn! 🍿 permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 15 points 5 days ago Good. Hopefully Congress can pass a bill and end the shutdown to resolve this permalink award report block reply possibletower 14 points 5 days ago Democrats just made an ultimatum that they won't pass anything without a 1-year period of Obamacare subsidies being included right now. This won't end until Thune nukes the legislative filibuster. Hopefully Johnson refuses to even consider anything Thune makes in a "deal" with Schumer. I don't want Trump to be forced to veto anything. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 15 points 5 days ago That want an extension so these Obamacare subsidies to become an issue during the midterm elections. We should let them lapse in order to prevent that from becoming a thing. permalink parent award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 11 points 5 days ago We should let them lapse on the grounds that covid is over and the enhanced subsidies, passed by Democrats with a four year sunset, need to go because the emergency has ended. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 8 points 5 days ago Plus fuck the left. They want us murdered permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago More to the point, ACA was always a time bomb that was designed to explode the American healthcare system so that people would demand a nationalized health system. Schumer wants to time when it explodes for maximum impact. Trump needs to diffuse it. Republicans have offered no alternative plan, and it's a real issue. Defunding it will blow up the system. Funding it allows costs to continue to exponentially increase, bleeding America's wealth out to the insurers, pharma cos, medical device mfgrs, and the execs that own the hospital networks. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 10 points 5 days ago Thune is too busy trying to fellate Schumers soft floppy cock. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm going to be sick. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 3 points 5 days ago Sometimes I regret being able to read🤢 permalink parent award report block reply cussword 1 points 4 days ago And then they’ll say that same thing next year. We might as well confront this problem now permalink parent award report block reply MajorClark 1 points 5 days ago John Thune needs to end this shit now & nuke the filibuster.  Democrats can shove their extortion. permalink parent award report block reply indigo_truther 4 points 5 days ago You are not going to like the concessions permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 3 points 5 days ago Schumer's demanding $335 billion over 10 years in Obamacare subsidies. He's offering just 1 year right now just to re-open gov't. The catch is that this money was 1) a slush fund to pay off Democrat backers in the insurance industry, 2) illegals were receiving the benefit. Schumer is quite literally demanding that Trump use taxpayer funds to pay for gifts for two of his supporting constituencies. permalink parent award report block reply D4rkd3str0yer 13 points 5 days ago Hello, based department? You’re going to want to see this. permalink award report block reply invalid_data 10 points 5 days ago Oh thank you our judicial overlords. Long live the judiciary! permalink award report block reply TrumpOrTreason 10 points 5 days ago "Allows" sick of this wording permalink award report block reply MAGA_NRG 10 points 5 days ago So here's a question: if there was no spending bill yet, what $$$ was supposed to be used to fund SNAP? permalink award report block reply walls4america 6 points 5 days ago I heard some states (like California) wanted their Federal allotment for Emergency funds to go for California SNAP. Going to be interesting when there’s a natural disaster, such as major earthquake or hurricane, and these states have already spent their Emergency funds. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago In MD the Gov has declared an emergency and is doing such. A smart move for their next election, etc. What a shit show as usual LOL permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 9 points 5 days ago "Allows" permalink award report block reply yodayoda 9 points 5 days ago "allows" 😂🤦 permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 6 points 5 days ago reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!! permalink award report block reply dorkana 6 points 5 days ago this is the only logical choice but I bet they eventually rule against him permalink award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 6 points 5 days ago Link https://x.com/ElectionWiz/status/1986985045123383499 0 permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 6 points 5 days ago stop using ALLOWING.  He always has the powers under the Constitution.  The Court only agrees permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago This is a lie. At issue was whether a judge could FORCE the Executive branch to violate Legislation that specified certain funds be used for emergencies only. The tyrant in a robe declared that a shutdown constituted an emergency and ordered the use of emergency accounts to pay for these benefits. SCOTUS said no. The law says what it says, and the activist in a robe doesn't get to redefine "emergency" to mean "my preferred minority groups lose their free shit." The AP's headline implies Trump shut down SNAP. He did not. In fact, he's been begging Schumer to make a deal so he can get it funded again. Schumer wants hundreds of billions of your and my money to pay for "free" healthcare for foreign criminals. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 4 points 5 days ago Small correction, they want it because blue state budgets cannot survive without that money. permalink parent award report block reply Somebody157 5 points 5 days ago How else are you gonna get rid of the illegals. stop paying them to be here. permalink award report block reply TheArchAngel 5 points 5 days ago Trump is not the one who is withholding SNAP benefits, the Democrats in congress do. permalink award report block reply CovfefeVideo 5 points 5 days ago Aw snap. permalink award report block reply TheMustacheBandit 5 points 5 days ago Prepare for the Chimp out if 2025! permalink award report block reply SalteenCracker 4 points 5 days ago AMEEERRRICCCAAAAAAAAA - FUUUUUCCKKK YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! permalink award report block reply eclectic22 4 points 5 days ago Winning! permalink award report block reply ListenJack 4 points 5 days ago Extra spicy ruling here by the DEI hire. Any one who argues against the ruling is a racist. Use that information how you see fit pedes. In an order late Friday night, Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson said the pause will remain in effect until the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issues a judgment on the matter. Jackson is the justice assigned to emergency applications out of the 1st circuit, and her order did not refer the matter to the full Supreme Court. https://abcnews.go.com/US/trump-administration-asks-appeals-court-immediately-halt-ruling/story?id=127294307 permalink award report block reply tlorsung 4 points 5 days ago Loser Democrat voters can't get their politicians to do their job so now SCOTUS has to step in?  Proof that Democrats are corrupt has Hell!  We need to destroy every Democrat supporter for being as dumb as a rock! permalink award report block reply Dangerous 4 points 5 days ago The courts never "allow" anything, they RULE what is or isn't ALREADY according to the law and its proper interpretation. If the ruling is that "Trump can/cannot do x", then either the judges ruling is intentional misinterpretation of the written law or Trump could always do/not do the thing as written in the law. Saying/writing things like "allows" helps preserve the environment where judiciary authorities have powers they aren't supposed to posses permalink award report block reply yodayoda 4 points 5 days ago it's outrageous that courts can literally control the executive branch, tell them what to spend or not, etc. permalink award report block reply PeaceMakerDJT 4 points 5 days ago how are we feeling about them making the tariff decision? The prediction market has them denying tariffing countries permalink award report block reply Meddlesom 3 points 5 days ago Well duh. Only congress can release the funds for SNAP. Separation of powers and all that, executive branch doesn't have the authority to simply fund SNAP without a spending bill from the legislature.  Activist judges can go fuck themselves, they know it's not within the president's authority, so it's an illegal ruling. permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 3 points 5 days ago This will just make people hate him permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 19 points 5 days ago WHO FUCKING CARES.
Fuck optics. Shit doesn’t matter anymore. Just WIN NOW! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 4 points 5 days ago I don't think Trump will do it, he's gonna fund it. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago Optics is how many jumped off the Biden Kamala train and voted for Trump. "Just Win Now!" LOL WTF does that even mean? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Play to fucking win. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 0 points 4 days ago Look at this retard. He thinks the 20 million that voted for Biden and not Kamala are actual voters. Wake the fuck up, idiot. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 4 days ago Seen you spout bullshit in alot of posts this week. Hope you crack open a nice warm bud light. permalink parent award report block reply 5854110203868847 9 points 5 days ago Most the people affected by this  already hate him permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 0 points 5 days ago And now there are new people who hate him. People who jumped off the democrat train temporarily last election... permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 2 points 5 days ago Those folks are situational traitors, and we don't need them. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago To win an election you need as many votes as possible...ESPECIALLY in blue areas LOL permalink parent award report block reply NancyPeloci 3 points 5 days ago Who? permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Hopefully those people starve after they cheered for murdering Charlie permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 1 points 5 days ago Yeah not sure why the administration appealed that ruling...it would have let them fund snap, without looking too eager to do so, and taking some of the pressure off the Republicans in the senate to cut a deal. BUT I bet there's a good reason permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 5 points 5 days ago That's rino talk. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 4 points 5 days ago No, if democrats would stop holding up the government...it would have let snap benefits continue.  This is not on the republicans in any way, shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 5 days ago Actually it wouldn't. It's an impossible order to fulfil and was done poorly. The appeal is basically "can you look at this shit and tell them they are retarded?" permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Starving Democrats isn't a loss. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Plutossextape1 3 points 5 days ago I remember when judges were seen as honorable people and not in the same company as drug dealers, journalists or politicians.  This headline is horseshit. The president never had the power to fund this. permalink award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 3 points 5 days ago The fact that Ketanji Brown Jackson was the one that wrote the order pausing SNAP is cracking me up. permalink award report block reply kjj9 3 points 5 days ago Stay order: https://www.supremecourt.gov/orders/courtorders/110725zr_pnk0.pdf docket: https://www.supremecourt.gov/docket/docketfiles/html/public/25a539.html permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 5 days ago It's 9 billion to fund SNAP for just November and there's 5 billion in an emergency fund that could be used.  President Trump should go ahead with the 50% like he wanted to. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 7 points 5 days ago Fuck that. Give it to air traffic controllers - people who do legitimate work. Don't give a dime to the Democrats' base permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 5 days ago Poor Senior citizens need help and the Dems want them dead. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 3 points 5 days ago They have families that should be taking care of them in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 5 days ago Yes, they need to be. permalink parent award report block reply tt777 1 points 4 days ago Isn't that the whole point of social security? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Tell the Snap people to get a job. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 0 points 5 days ago This! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 5 days ago Trump already burnt that option by attempting malicious compliance with "It will probably take a month to 6 to figure out how to send a reduced amount." The messaging is allover the place with the admin sadly. The whole cost of living "I don't want to hear it" is going to come back to haunt him. permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 2 points 5 days ago Judge Clarence Thomas rules that Democrat senators have to vote to end the shutdown. Why don't judges rule what Congress has to do? permalink award report block reply Amway 2 points 5 days ago Bet this shutdown will end sooner now that people will go hungry. Hunger is more immediate than running to the doctor with a runny nose. permalink award report block reply DeplorableNeandertal 2 points 5 days ago I think this snap shit is hurting the maga agenda and the dems know that. It’s good normies know that they are getting hosed but it’s costing votes. And I still think votes matter permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago Correct permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago Folks are worried about looking weak not realizing they are losing all but the MAGA die hards. You got Trump going out of his way to resist paying SNAP which makes it firmly a "Trump wants them to starve" issue and you got him saying stupid shit like "I don't wanna hear folks complaining about the cost of living; thankgiving is down 25% in cost." when most people have been living the economic horror show. Folks didn't learn much from the election earlier this week and now are desperately trying to sidestep the electorate entirely by pinning hopes on getting rid of the fillibuster because the admin does refuse to work at all with the left unless its complete and total submission; forgetting that he is supposed to represent all the voters. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 5 days ago So you're saying normies are dumb and don't know he can't actually do that? He's not going out of his way to resist paying SNAP. It's literally out of his purview to do that. I know understanding the intricacies of bloated bureaucracy is difficult but at least don't make shit up. Honestly, your entire comment sounds like a lib trying to jack people up. If I said you have to give me a million dollars or you can't eat do you think it's fair to say it's your fault for not reaching across the aisle and compromising with me or would you tell me to fuck off? You'd tell me to fuck off absolutely but I can't believe you aren't representing all voters here. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 5 days ago Government finds a way to fund that which it wishes to fund. The reality that the admin went running to SCOTUS tonight to resist lower court rulings is a prime example of that - who will take the admin to task for following the courts? The old golden rule applies here in general and I am presenting the reality of the issue at hand. If my comment is going to "jack people up" why do you think it might do that? Did the Admin not go to SCOTUS this evening to avoid having to find a means to do the full payout? Am I wrong? To answer your second question; if you say "surrender and I promise I will treat you well." despite the fact that every encounter we had up to this point has proven you will lie and disregard me and abuse me - why would I surrender to you this time? You'll note I actually avoided referencing Trump being the fault of the shutdown - most people looking at it can see its clearly the democrats playing politics - they are using the leverage they got; but it is the admin trying to resist the whole SNAP thing; the admin has tried very hard to make it seem like its hands are tied but the court filings over and over support this fact that the admin is being disingenuous. For me its not a matter of either side being right or wrong; its neither side willing to work together; the democrats up to this point were given the equivelent of a pinky promise if they support the funding bill that they will talk about their wishlist items. The republicans have been given a laundry list of healthcare demands (in addition to the ACA funding). Its showing that some republicans are willing to meet the dems part way and perhaps offer stuff like the ACA funding because up to this point the only thing offered was "give up all your leverage and trust me" which I think Trump would agree would be a foolish stance to take - or do you think if the shoe was on the other foot the republicans would agree? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 4 days ago Nothing you said is true. Like fundamentally you believe total bullshit. Trump didn't run to SCOTUS. The judge requested something impossible and fucking illegal. Like if he did it, it would mean he committed a criminal act. You don't get to say do this criminal act that a president can't do or else. No, the government doesn't find ways to fund things. Congress is the only people can do that. Your entire comment is the rantings of a nutcase. Like you don't understand anything it seems. You are clearly a LARPing leftist concern trolling. Hey at least you aren't a nasty fuck. I'll give you that. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 2 points 4 days ago Fund SNAP... okay, with what fucking money? My understanding is that they've already had to the raid the student lunch funds. permalink award report block reply SoyLatte 2 points 5 days ago Wonder who said no in the SC permalink award report block reply paramour 1 points 4 days ago It's about fucking time... permalink award report block reply Patriot_Dave 1 points 4 days ago Clarence laughing his ass off. permalink award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 4 days ago Stupid judges, just tell the demonrats to pass the CR. Do we have to get a federal judge to demand demonrats sign the CR? How about Trump pack the SC with 5 MAGA patriots, no law degree required. That will get these fools moving. permalink award report block reply Elric44357 1 points 4 days ago He is not withholding funding he is just not raiding emergency funds. Very misleading headline. permalink award report block reply atbunch 1 points 5 days ago Chaching permalink award report block reply MythArcana 1 points 5 days ago Oops! We are snatching defeat from the jaws of victory again. https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2025/11/07/trump-administration-to-provide-full-snap-benefits-november/ permalink award report block reply llirrem 1 points 5 days ago How generous of them permalink award report block reply AlvinOfTheTrumpmunks 1 points 5 days ago It will be the Democrat cities and states that will feel the most pain from their dependence on SNAP. Same places that already hate Trump. permalink award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 4 days ago Get a job, lazy fat asses! permalink award report block reply Plutossextape1 1 points 5 days ago If you qualify for SNAP then you should be forced onto SNIP! State Neutering Initiative Program. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 1 points 4 days ago That monkey on the right is an absolute insult to everything that is American. permalink award report block reply Beachboy1b 1 points 4 days ago So effectively, all the bullshit the Dems were spewing last night has now been rendered publicly as bullshit. They have no more little lies they can peddle, and the Senate SHOULD ALL vote to reopen the government. Whatever “leverage” they thought they had, is gone. permalink award report block reply HyperCarbs 1 points 5 days ago Lawfair at work. Trump keeps winning! permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 4 days ago VA set up emergency food benefits, and MD was slammed into following. permalink award report block reply michaelsuede 1 points 5 days ago As much as I agree with the decision, it's bad politics. People love them gimme dats. permalink award report block reply BibleProphecyFulfill 1 points 4 days ago AP back at it again with their BS headlines. permalink award report block reply 13Maga135 1 points 5 days ago yet my friend's brother is saying he's gonna have a judge rule against trump again so that he can post a gif, because his gifs that make him look cool are more important permalink award report block reply DlanOdcammron 1 points 5 days ago Dog shit choice of words. permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 0 points 4 days ago Starving fatties back on the menu boys! permalink award report block reply comeonmanlol -2 points 5 days ago What a Dictator POS Trump is permalink award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 211 points 5 days ago This headline implies that Trump has the legal and Constitutional means to fund SNAP but is choosing not to, which is a lie. The reality is that the lower courts ordered him to do something that he can't do. permalink award report block reply killedmytv 105 points 5 days ago If I understand it correctly, the lower courts basically said Trump must break the law to fund the gibs. Trump finally defied a court order which was blatantly bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 55 points 5 days ago Yeah, and let's be real and recognize what was going to come next: they were going to try to use it as a trap to go after him legally. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 25 points 5 days ago Not a novel way of using lawfare to go after a President but I have to say that these judges are using a relentless coordinated attack.  Have to shut down their funding just like USAID shutdown threw off kilter a lot of loud propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth -1 points 5 days ago Propaganda… end it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... vongregormench 3 points 5 days ago It's pretty hard to go after someone for obeying a court order though. If he just lets the courts order him around like a string puppet (which is kinda what's happening) it's a new level of stupid to say he did something wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 4 days ago "You should have known it was illegal" blah blah blah. They have had no basis for any lawfare so far, they don't even need to succeed. They just want headlines for their drones. In fact, forging a perception that Trump did something wrong works better in their eyes because it makes it look like they need to be elected to fix the system. permalink parent award report block reply preferredfault 2 points 4 days ago Yep. If he pays it, they'll say he illegally used funds. If he doesn't pay it, they'll say he illegally didn't pay. Of course the first one is the correct one. But more importantly: If he pays it, all that disaster relief money is gone. So when a hurricane or flood happens, he will have to go to the Democrats to make deals to get that money back, OR veto re-opening the government until those funds taken to pay food stamps are put back by congress, at which point the Democrats would say Trump is the one keeping the government closed and keeping people from getting food stamps. The correct choice is to do nothing at all by not paying for food stamps. If congress can't agree on a budget, it's not Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 22 points 5 days ago he didn't defy anything permalink parent award report block reply MAGANatsFan 15 points 5 days ago True. The order was today, but he appealed. And Scotus paused the order. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago They provided a verbal order that is required to be in writing which is meant to allow someone to address an injunction prior to implementation. They couldn't review it to allow even assessment of potential for ambiguity. The review will be "um you didn't even file this correctly". Refile and let's try again. permalink parent award report block reply Tcrlaf1 12 points 5 days ago The SCOTUS order was from Jumanji. Pretty messed up when even she knows the lower court order was illegal and unconstitutional. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 7 points 5 days ago Because they basically made the equivalent of an order scribbled on a cocktail napkin that said "Trump is ordered to pay SNAP." It would make them retarded if they even accept it. Even Jumanji can see that. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 7 points 4 days ago Trump ordered to divine money out of nowhere to pay out a program he has no control over because feels. wah wah, now it's all his fault. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 6 points 5 days ago They were having him raid the child nutrition program, which is fully funded and appropriated by congress for that purpose. Yes the court was ordering him to do something that is clearly illegal. permalink parent award report block reply Marat1792 3 points 5 days ago Worse than that. Technically he was following a different court order that hasn't made it up the chain yet. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Doritalos 11 points 5 days ago Also Trump was going to release the funds anyway so the "allows Trump to withhold" is shit headline. Headlines should be that the supreme court freezes emergency SNAP funds. permalink parent award report block reply CaliAli 6 points 5 days ago President Trump can call up the Pepe Army and do whatever he wants.  Cuz 'Merica. permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 2 points 4 days ago But we can't have accurate headlines now can we? Anything to imply Trump is a monster. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago With all these BS lower courts, being on edge for a sound SC opinion is nerve racking.  I'm calling it a win.  Some of these SC cases are so big that one wrong opinion will really screw America. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
killedmytv 105 points 5 days ago If I understand it correctly, the lower courts basically said Trump must break the law to fund the gibs. Trump finally defied a court order which was blatantly bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 55 points 5 days ago Yeah, and let's be real and recognize what was going to come next: they were going to try to use it as a trap to go after him legally. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 25 points 5 days ago Not a novel way of using lawfare to go after a President but I have to say that these judges are using a relentless coordinated attack.  Have to shut down their funding just like USAID shutdown threw off kilter a lot of loud propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth -1 points 5 days ago Propaganda… end it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... vongregormench 3 points 5 days ago It's pretty hard to go after someone for obeying a court order though. If he just lets the courts order him around like a string puppet (which is kinda what's happening) it's a new level of stupid to say he did something wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 4 days ago "You should have known it was illegal" blah blah blah. They have had no basis for any lawfare so far, they don't even need to succeed. They just want headlines for their drones. In fact, forging a perception that Trump did something wrong works better in their eyes because it makes it look like they need to be elected to fix the system. permalink parent award report block reply preferredfault 2 points 4 days ago Yep. If he pays it, they'll say he illegally used funds. If he doesn't pay it, they'll say he illegally didn't pay. Of course the first one is the correct one. But more importantly: If he pays it, all that disaster relief money is gone. So when a hurricane or flood happens, he will have to go to the Democrats to make deals to get that money back, OR veto re-opening the government until those funds taken to pay food stamps are put back by congress, at which point the Democrats would say Trump is the one keeping the government closed and keeping people from getting food stamps. The correct choice is to do nothing at all by not paying for food stamps. If congress can't agree on a budget, it's not Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 22 points 5 days ago he didn't defy anything permalink parent award report block reply MAGANatsFan 15 points 5 days ago True. The order was today, but he appealed. And Scotus paused the order. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago They provided a verbal order that is required to be in writing which is meant to allow someone to address an injunction prior to implementation. They couldn't review it to allow even assessment of potential for ambiguity. The review will be "um you didn't even file this correctly". Refile and let's try again. permalink parent award report block reply Tcrlaf1 12 points 5 days ago The SCOTUS order was from Jumanji. Pretty messed up when even she knows the lower court order was illegal and unconstitutional. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 7 points 5 days ago Because they basically made the equivalent of an order scribbled on a cocktail napkin that said "Trump is ordered to pay SNAP." It would make them retarded if they even accept it. Even Jumanji can see that. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 7 points 4 days ago Trump ordered to divine money out of nowhere to pay out a program he has no control over because feels. wah wah, now it's all his fault. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 6 points 5 days ago They were having him raid the child nutrition program, which is fully funded and appropriated by congress for that purpose. Yes the court was ordering him to do something that is clearly illegal. permalink parent award report block reply Marat1792 3 points 5 days ago Worse than that. Technically he was following a different court order that hasn't made it up the chain yet. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
Wtf_socialismreally 55 points 5 days ago Yeah, and let's be real and recognize what was going to come next: they were going to try to use it as a trap to go after him legally. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 25 points 5 days ago Not a novel way of using lawfare to go after a President but I have to say that these judges are using a relentless coordinated attack.  Have to shut down their funding just like USAID shutdown threw off kilter a lot of loud propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth -1 points 5 days ago Propaganda… end it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... vongregormench 3 points 5 days ago It's pretty hard to go after someone for obeying a court order though. If he just lets the courts order him around like a string puppet (which is kinda what's happening) it's a new level of stupid to say he did something wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 4 days ago "You should have known it was illegal" blah blah blah. They have had no basis for any lawfare so far, they don't even need to succeed. They just want headlines for their drones. In fact, forging a perception that Trump did something wrong works better in their eyes because it makes it look like they need to be elected to fix the system. permalink parent award report block reply preferredfault 2 points 4 days ago Yep. If he pays it, they'll say he illegally used funds. If he doesn't pay it, they'll say he illegally didn't pay. Of course the first one is the correct one. But more importantly: If he pays it, all that disaster relief money is gone. So when a hurricane or flood happens, he will have to go to the Democrats to make deals to get that money back, OR veto re-opening the government until those funds taken to pay food stamps are put back by congress, at which point the Democrats would say Trump is the one keeping the government closed and keeping people from getting food stamps. The correct choice is to do nothing at all by not paying for food stamps. If congress can't agree on a budget, it's not Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 25 points 5 days ago Not a novel way of using lawfare to go after a President but I have to say that these judges are using a relentless coordinated attack.  Have to shut down their funding just like USAID shutdown threw off kilter a lot of loud propaganda machines. permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth -1 points 5 days ago Propaganda… end it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Sugz_Da_Feefth -1 points 5 days ago Propaganda… end it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
vongregormench 3 points 5 days ago It's pretty hard to go after someone for obeying a court order though. If he just lets the courts order him around like a string puppet (which is kinda what's happening) it's a new level of stupid to say he did something wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 4 days ago "You should have known it was illegal" blah blah blah. They have had no basis for any lawfare so far, they don't even need to succeed. They just want headlines for their drones. In fact, forging a perception that Trump did something wrong works better in their eyes because it makes it look like they need to be elected to fix the system. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 4 days ago "You should have known it was illegal" blah blah blah. They have had no basis for any lawfare so far, they don't even need to succeed. They just want headlines for their drones. In fact, forging a perception that Trump did something wrong works better in their eyes because it makes it look like they need to be elected to fix the system. permalink parent award report block reply
preferredfault 2 points 4 days ago Yep. If he pays it, they'll say he illegally used funds. If he doesn't pay it, they'll say he illegally didn't pay. Of course the first one is the correct one. But more importantly: If he pays it, all that disaster relief money is gone. So when a hurricane or flood happens, he will have to go to the Democrats to make deals to get that money back, OR veto re-opening the government until those funds taken to pay food stamps are put back by congress, at which point the Democrats would say Trump is the one keeping the government closed and keeping people from getting food stamps. The correct choice is to do nothing at all by not paying for food stamps. If congress can't agree on a budget, it's not Trump's fault. permalink parent award report block reply
yodayoda 22 points 5 days ago he didn't defy anything permalink parent award report block reply MAGANatsFan 15 points 5 days ago True. The order was today, but he appealed. And Scotus paused the order. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago They provided a verbal order that is required to be in writing which is meant to allow someone to address an injunction prior to implementation. They couldn't review it to allow even assessment of potential for ambiguity. The review will be "um you didn't even file this correctly". Refile and let's try again. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGANatsFan 15 points 5 days ago True. The order was today, but he appealed. And Scotus paused the order. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago They provided a verbal order that is required to be in writing which is meant to allow someone to address an injunction prior to implementation. They couldn't review it to allow even assessment of potential for ambiguity. The review will be "um you didn't even file this correctly". Refile and let's try again. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 3 points 5 days ago They provided a verbal order that is required to be in writing which is meant to allow someone to address an injunction prior to implementation. They couldn't review it to allow even assessment of potential for ambiguity. The review will be "um you didn't even file this correctly". Refile and let's try again. permalink parent award report block reply
Tcrlaf1 12 points 5 days ago The SCOTUS order was from Jumanji. Pretty messed up when even she knows the lower court order was illegal and unconstitutional. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 7 points 5 days ago Because they basically made the equivalent of an order scribbled on a cocktail napkin that said "Trump is ordered to pay SNAP." It would make them retarded if they even accept it. Even Jumanji can see that. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 7 points 4 days ago Trump ordered to divine money out of nowhere to pay out a program he has no control over because feels. wah wah, now it's all his fault. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 7 points 5 days ago Because they basically made the equivalent of an order scribbled on a cocktail napkin that said "Trump is ordered to pay SNAP." It would make them retarded if they even accept it. Even Jumanji can see that. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 7 points 4 days ago Trump ordered to divine money out of nowhere to pay out a program he has no control over because feels. wah wah, now it's all his fault. permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 7 points 4 days ago Trump ordered to divine money out of nowhere to pay out a program he has no control over because feels. wah wah, now it's all his fault. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 6 points 5 days ago They were having him raid the child nutrition program, which is fully funded and appropriated by congress for that purpose. Yes the court was ordering him to do something that is clearly illegal. permalink parent award report block reply
Marat1792 3 points 5 days ago Worse than that. Technically he was following a different court order that hasn't made it up the chain yet. permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 11 points 5 days ago Also Trump was going to release the funds anyway so the "allows Trump to withhold" is shit headline. Headlines should be that the supreme court freezes emergency SNAP funds. permalink parent award report block reply
CaliAli 6 points 5 days ago President Trump can call up the Pepe Army and do whatever he wants.  Cuz 'Merica. permalink parent award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 2 points 4 days ago But we can't have accurate headlines now can we? Anything to imply Trump is a monster. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 5 days ago With all these BS lower courts, being on edge for a sound SC opinion is nerve racking.  I'm calling it a win.  Some of these SC cases are so big that one wrong opinion will really screw America. permalink parent award report block reply
MajorClark 89 points 5 days ago US tax payers aren't the worlds welfare center! permalink award report block reply 9999999999 61 points 5 days ago We wish we weren't, but in reality we very much have been and are. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 27 points 5 days ago Illegal aliens were given up to three times the benefits of Americans and around thirty thousand dollars to buy a house. permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 17 points 5 days ago This should enrage all Americans. permalink parent award report block reply h203h 7 points 5 days ago We should be able to kick them out of where they live and claim it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Honestly if that is true (and I think it is to an extent) the fact that the government has not released a comprehensive review of (cough) undocumented (read illegal) alien funding benefits I think would go a long way to sorting this out. If for no other reason that how fantastical the claim is because of how insane it is that your own people would be starved while people just visiting would receive such massive amounts of funding. I would love to see a consolidated report from the feds that includes what benefits and what payouts were coming to illegals in a state by state report that is available for everyone to see. The thing I hate about these discussions is its really hard to provide a hard source that isn't clearly agenda driven while at least as a congressional report you can claim some level of bipartisanship. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago It's even worse. Many years ago Congress passed a law letting refugee applicants from a few certain countries be given Social Security. The intent was obviously to only apply to a few real refugees. Biden's administration decided to give every single person from those countries the maximum amount of Social Security as soon as they applied for asylum. Leftwing NGO's and "charities" were helping the illegal aliens apply, on the condition that the NGO gets to keep a portion of the Social Security payments. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TooTrue-translation 14 points 5 days ago Thankfully Clarence understands this. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Kbj also was in favor!  I guess a broken clock  can be right twice permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 13 points 5 days ago Starve the beast. Keep the government shut down. Let the chips fall where they may! permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 5 points 5 days ago I don't think any other country has a welfare system like ours.  Maybe the UK does, but I am not familiar.  Of course the leeches of the world will all come here.  It takes too much work to be smart and develop your own communities.  Much easier to just gut them and move onto another one to do the same thing again. permalink parent award report block reply HuggableBear 10 points 5 days ago The UK does, but guess who funds it? US! permalink parent award report block reply Liberats 2 points 4 days ago $38 trillion debt says you are wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 5 days ago Yes we are... permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
9999999999 61 points 5 days ago We wish we weren't, but in reality we very much have been and are. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 27 points 5 days ago Illegal aliens were given up to three times the benefits of Americans and around thirty thousand dollars to buy a house. permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 17 points 5 days ago This should enrage all Americans. permalink parent award report block reply h203h 7 points 5 days ago We should be able to kick them out of where they live and claim it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Honestly if that is true (and I think it is to an extent) the fact that the government has not released a comprehensive review of (cough) undocumented (read illegal) alien funding benefits I think would go a long way to sorting this out. If for no other reason that how fantastical the claim is because of how insane it is that your own people would be starved while people just visiting would receive such massive amounts of funding. I would love to see a consolidated report from the feds that includes what benefits and what payouts were coming to illegals in a state by state report that is available for everyone to see. The thing I hate about these discussions is its really hard to provide a hard source that isn't clearly agenda driven while at least as a congressional report you can claim some level of bipartisanship. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago It's even worse. Many years ago Congress passed a law letting refugee applicants from a few certain countries be given Social Security. The intent was obviously to only apply to a few real refugees. Biden's administration decided to give every single person from those countries the maximum amount of Social Security as soon as they applied for asylum. Leftwing NGO's and "charities" were helping the illegal aliens apply, on the condition that the NGO gets to keep a portion of the Social Security payments. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TooTrue-translation 14 points 5 days ago Thankfully Clarence understands this. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Kbj also was in favor!  I guess a broken clock  can be right twice permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 27 points 5 days ago Illegal aliens were given up to three times the benefits of Americans and around thirty thousand dollars to buy a house. permalink parent award report block reply Atlis34 17 points 5 days ago This should enrage all Americans. permalink parent award report block reply h203h 7 points 5 days ago We should be able to kick them out of where they live and claim it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Honestly if that is true (and I think it is to an extent) the fact that the government has not released a comprehensive review of (cough) undocumented (read illegal) alien funding benefits I think would go a long way to sorting this out. If for no other reason that how fantastical the claim is because of how insane it is that your own people would be starved while people just visiting would receive such massive amounts of funding. I would love to see a consolidated report from the feds that includes what benefits and what payouts were coming to illegals in a state by state report that is available for everyone to see. The thing I hate about these discussions is its really hard to provide a hard source that isn't clearly agenda driven while at least as a congressional report you can claim some level of bipartisanship. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago It's even worse. Many years ago Congress passed a law letting refugee applicants from a few certain countries be given Social Security. The intent was obviously to only apply to a few real refugees. Biden's administration decided to give every single person from those countries the maximum amount of Social Security as soon as they applied for asylum. Leftwing NGO's and "charities" were helping the illegal aliens apply, on the condition that the NGO gets to keep a portion of the Social Security payments. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Atlis34 17 points 5 days ago This should enrage all Americans. permalink parent award report block reply h203h 7 points 5 days ago We should be able to kick them out of where they live and claim it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
h203h 7 points 5 days ago We should be able to kick them out of where they live and claim it. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Klaus73 2 points 5 days ago Honestly if that is true (and I think it is to an extent) the fact that the government has not released a comprehensive review of (cough) undocumented (read illegal) alien funding benefits I think would go a long way to sorting this out. If for no other reason that how fantastical the claim is because of how insane it is that your own people would be starved while people just visiting would receive such massive amounts of funding. I would love to see a consolidated report from the feds that includes what benefits and what payouts were coming to illegals in a state by state report that is available for everyone to see. The thing I hate about these discussions is its really hard to provide a hard source that isn't clearly agenda driven while at least as a congressional report you can claim some level of bipartisanship. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago It's even worse. Many years ago Congress passed a law letting refugee applicants from a few certain countries be given Social Security. The intent was obviously to only apply to a few real refugees. Biden's administration decided to give every single person from those countries the maximum amount of Social Security as soon as they applied for asylum. Leftwing NGO's and "charities" were helping the illegal aliens apply, on the condition that the NGO gets to keep a portion of the Social Security payments. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
AVeryNakedMan 5 points 5 days ago It's even worse. Many years ago Congress passed a law letting refugee applicants from a few certain countries be given Social Security. The intent was obviously to only apply to a few real refugees. Biden's administration decided to give every single person from those countries the maximum amount of Social Security as soon as they applied for asylum. Leftwing NGO's and "charities" were helping the illegal aliens apply, on the condition that the NGO gets to keep a portion of the Social Security payments. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TooTrue-translation 14 points 5 days ago Thankfully Clarence understands this. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Kbj also was in favor!  I guess a broken clock  can be right twice permalink parent award report block reply
katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Kbj also was in favor!  I guess a broken clock  can be right twice permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 13 points 5 days ago Starve the beast. Keep the government shut down. Let the chips fall where they may! permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 5 points 5 days ago I don't think any other country has a welfare system like ours.  Maybe the UK does, but I am not familiar.  Of course the leeches of the world will all come here.  It takes too much work to be smart and develop your own communities.  Much easier to just gut them and move onto another one to do the same thing again. permalink parent award report block reply HuggableBear 10 points 5 days ago The UK does, but guess who funds it? US! permalink parent award report block reply
HuggableBear 10 points 5 days ago The UK does, but guess who funds it? US! permalink parent award report block reply
Liberats 2 points 4 days ago $38 trillion debt says you are wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 1 points 5 days ago Yes we are... permalink parent award report block reply
CaptRied 51 points 5 days ago The Supreme Court does not allow the US President to do something, they merely determine if what he is doing, or is preparing to do, is constitutional. permalink award report block reply Krat 8 points 5 days ago Thats not how the leftist judges think or hownour world works anymore permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 8 points 5 days ago Thats not how the leftist judges think or hownour world works anymore permalink parent award report block reply
half-blacktrump 29 points 5 days ago Title should read- Supreme Court confirms The president is well with in his authority permalink award report block reply Ant-Man 23 points 5 days ago No the headline should read court rules Trump has no authority tob restore SNAP funding. permalink parent award report block reply NickAtNight 7 points 5 days ago Unless he declares an emergency… and dissolves parliament … jails the perps… and other Rubicon stuff. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 4 points 5 days ago We have a parliament? permalink parent award report block reply Jinrei 4 points 5 days ago Agreed 👍🏾 permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 3 points 5 days ago Kinda.  Justice Katana Buttnose said the appellate court as 48 hours to super serious reconsider shit.  And then whatever... permalink parent award report block reply
Ant-Man 23 points 5 days ago No the headline should read court rules Trump has no authority tob restore SNAP funding. permalink parent award report block reply NickAtNight 7 points 5 days ago Unless he declares an emergency… and dissolves parliament … jails the perps… and other Rubicon stuff. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 4 points 5 days ago We have a parliament? permalink parent award report block reply Jinrei 4 points 5 days ago Agreed 👍🏾 permalink parent award report block reply
NickAtNight 7 points 5 days ago Unless he declares an emergency… and dissolves parliament … jails the perps… and other Rubicon stuff. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 4 points 5 days ago We have a parliament? permalink parent award report block reply
Illuminaughty 4 points 5 days ago We have a parliament? permalink parent award report block reply
Jinrei 4 points 5 days ago Agreed 👍🏾 permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 3 points 5 days ago Kinda.  Justice Katana Buttnose said the appellate court as 48 hours to super serious reconsider shit.  And then whatever... permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 23 points 5 days ago Aw, snap! Tomorrow could be interesting. Hope you stocked up on popcorn! 🍿 permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 15 points 5 days ago Good. Hopefully Congress can pass a bill and end the shutdown to resolve this permalink award report block reply possibletower 14 points 5 days ago Democrats just made an ultimatum that they won't pass anything without a 1-year period of Obamacare subsidies being included right now. This won't end until Thune nukes the legislative filibuster. Hopefully Johnson refuses to even consider anything Thune makes in a "deal" with Schumer. I don't want Trump to be forced to veto anything. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 15 points 5 days ago That want an extension so these Obamacare subsidies to become an issue during the midterm elections. We should let them lapse in order to prevent that from becoming a thing. permalink parent award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 11 points 5 days ago We should let them lapse on the grounds that covid is over and the enhanced subsidies, passed by Democrats with a four year sunset, need to go because the emergency has ended. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 8 points 5 days ago Plus fuck the left. They want us murdered permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago More to the point, ACA was always a time bomb that was designed to explode the American healthcare system so that people would demand a nationalized health system. Schumer wants to time when it explodes for maximum impact. Trump needs to diffuse it. Republicans have offered no alternative plan, and it's a real issue. Defunding it will blow up the system. Funding it allows costs to continue to exponentially increase, bleeding America's wealth out to the insurers, pharma cos, medical device mfgrs, and the execs that own the hospital networks. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 10 points 5 days ago Thune is too busy trying to fellate Schumers soft floppy cock. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm going to be sick. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 3 points 5 days ago Sometimes I regret being able to read🤢 permalink parent award report block reply cussword 1 points 4 days ago And then they’ll say that same thing next year. We might as well confront this problem now permalink parent award report block reply MajorClark 1 points 5 days ago John Thune needs to end this shit now & nuke the filibuster.  Democrats can shove their extortion. permalink parent award report block reply indigo_truther 4 points 5 days ago You are not going to like the concessions permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 3 points 5 days ago Schumer's demanding $335 billion over 10 years in Obamacare subsidies. He's offering just 1 year right now just to re-open gov't. The catch is that this money was 1) a slush fund to pay off Democrat backers in the insurance industry, 2) illegals were receiving the benefit. Schumer is quite literally demanding that Trump use taxpayer funds to pay for gifts for two of his supporting constituencies. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 14 points 5 days ago Democrats just made an ultimatum that they won't pass anything without a 1-year period of Obamacare subsidies being included right now. This won't end until Thune nukes the legislative filibuster. Hopefully Johnson refuses to even consider anything Thune makes in a "deal" with Schumer. I don't want Trump to be forced to veto anything. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 15 points 5 days ago That want an extension so these Obamacare subsidies to become an issue during the midterm elections. We should let them lapse in order to prevent that from becoming a thing. permalink parent award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 11 points 5 days ago We should let them lapse on the grounds that covid is over and the enhanced subsidies, passed by Democrats with a four year sunset, need to go because the emergency has ended. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 8 points 5 days ago Plus fuck the left. They want us murdered permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago More to the point, ACA was always a time bomb that was designed to explode the American healthcare system so that people would demand a nationalized health system. Schumer wants to time when it explodes for maximum impact. Trump needs to diffuse it. Republicans have offered no alternative plan, and it's a real issue. Defunding it will blow up the system. Funding it allows costs to continue to exponentially increase, bleeding America's wealth out to the insurers, pharma cos, medical device mfgrs, and the execs that own the hospital networks. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 10 points 5 days ago Thune is too busy trying to fellate Schumers soft floppy cock. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm going to be sick. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 3 points 5 days ago Sometimes I regret being able to read🤢 permalink parent award report block reply cussword 1 points 4 days ago And then they’ll say that same thing next year. We might as well confront this problem now permalink parent award report block reply MajorClark 1 points 5 days ago John Thune needs to end this shit now & nuke the filibuster.  Democrats can shove their extortion. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 15 points 5 days ago That want an extension so these Obamacare subsidies to become an issue during the midterm elections. We should let them lapse in order to prevent that from becoming a thing. permalink parent award report block reply IlhanOmarsFagBrother 11 points 5 days ago We should let them lapse on the grounds that covid is over and the enhanced subsidies, passed by Democrats with a four year sunset, need to go because the emergency has ended. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 8 points 5 days ago Plus fuck the left. They want us murdered permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago More to the point, ACA was always a time bomb that was designed to explode the American healthcare system so that people would demand a nationalized health system. Schumer wants to time when it explodes for maximum impact. Trump needs to diffuse it. Republicans have offered no alternative plan, and it's a real issue. Defunding it will blow up the system. Funding it allows costs to continue to exponentially increase, bleeding America's wealth out to the insurers, pharma cos, medical device mfgrs, and the execs that own the hospital networks. permalink parent award report block reply
IlhanOmarsFagBrother 11 points 5 days ago We should let them lapse on the grounds that covid is over and the enhanced subsidies, passed by Democrats with a four year sunset, need to go because the emergency has ended. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 8 points 5 days ago Plus fuck the left. They want us murdered permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago More to the point, ACA was always a time bomb that was designed to explode the American healthcare system so that people would demand a nationalized health system. Schumer wants to time when it explodes for maximum impact. Trump needs to diffuse it. Republicans have offered no alternative plan, and it's a real issue. Defunding it will blow up the system. Funding it allows costs to continue to exponentially increase, bleeding America's wealth out to the insurers, pharma cos, medical device mfgrs, and the execs that own the hospital networks. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 8 points 5 days ago Plus fuck the left. They want us murdered permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago More to the point, ACA was always a time bomb that was designed to explode the American healthcare system so that people would demand a nationalized health system. Schumer wants to time when it explodes for maximum impact. Trump needs to diffuse it. Republicans have offered no alternative plan, and it's a real issue. Defunding it will blow up the system. Funding it allows costs to continue to exponentially increase, bleeding America's wealth out to the insurers, pharma cos, medical device mfgrs, and the execs that own the hospital networks. permalink parent award report block reply
GentleSlayer 10 points 5 days ago Thune is too busy trying to fellate Schumers soft floppy cock. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm going to be sick. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 3 points 5 days ago Sometimes I regret being able to read🤢 permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 3 points 5 days ago I think I'm going to be sick. permalink parent award report block reply Illuminaughty 3 points 5 days ago Sometimes I regret being able to read🤢 permalink parent award report block reply
Illuminaughty 3 points 5 days ago Sometimes I regret being able to read🤢 permalink parent award report block reply
cussword 1 points 4 days ago And then they’ll say that same thing next year. We might as well confront this problem now permalink parent award report block reply
MajorClark 1 points 5 days ago John Thune needs to end this shit now & nuke the filibuster.  Democrats can shove their extortion. permalink parent award report block reply
indigo_truther 4 points 5 days ago You are not going to like the concessions permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 3 points 5 days ago Schumer's demanding $335 billion over 10 years in Obamacare subsidies. He's offering just 1 year right now just to re-open gov't. The catch is that this money was 1) a slush fund to pay off Democrat backers in the insurance industry, 2) illegals were receiving the benefit. Schumer is quite literally demanding that Trump use taxpayer funds to pay for gifts for two of his supporting constituencies. permalink parent award report block reply
D4rkd3str0yer 13 points 5 days ago Hello, based department? You’re going to want to see this. permalink award report block reply
invalid_data 10 points 5 days ago Oh thank you our judicial overlords. Long live the judiciary! permalink award report block reply
TrumpOrTreason 10 points 5 days ago "Allows" sick of this wording permalink award report block reply
MAGA_NRG 10 points 5 days ago So here's a question: if there was no spending bill yet, what $$$ was supposed to be used to fund SNAP? permalink award report block reply walls4america 6 points 5 days ago I heard some states (like California) wanted their Federal allotment for Emergency funds to go for California SNAP. Going to be interesting when there’s a natural disaster, such as major earthquake or hurricane, and these states have already spent their Emergency funds. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago In MD the Gov has declared an emergency and is doing such. A smart move for their next election, etc. What a shit show as usual LOL permalink parent award report block reply
walls4america 6 points 5 days ago I heard some states (like California) wanted their Federal allotment for Emergency funds to go for California SNAP. Going to be interesting when there’s a natural disaster, such as major earthquake or hurricane, and these states have already spent their Emergency funds. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago In MD the Gov has declared an emergency and is doing such. A smart move for their next election, etc. What a shit show as usual LOL permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago In MD the Gov has declared an emergency and is doing such. A smart move for their next election, etc. What a shit show as usual LOL permalink parent award report block reply
Bearing51 9 points 5 days ago "Allows" permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 9 points 5 days ago "allows" 😂🤦 permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 6 points 5 days ago reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!! permalink award report block reply
dorkana 6 points 5 days ago this is the only logical choice but I bet they eventually rule against him permalink award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 6 points 5 days ago Link https://x.com/ElectionWiz/status/1986985045123383499 0 permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 6 points 5 days ago stop using ALLOWING.  He always has the powers under the Constitution.  The Court only agrees permalink award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 5 points 5 days ago This is a lie. At issue was whether a judge could FORCE the Executive branch to violate Legislation that specified certain funds be used for emergencies only. The tyrant in a robe declared that a shutdown constituted an emergency and ordered the use of emergency accounts to pay for these benefits. SCOTUS said no. The law says what it says, and the activist in a robe doesn't get to redefine "emergency" to mean "my preferred minority groups lose their free shit." The AP's headline implies Trump shut down SNAP. He did not. In fact, he's been begging Schumer to make a deal so he can get it funded again. Schumer wants hundreds of billions of your and my money to pay for "free" healthcare for foreign criminals. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 4 points 5 days ago Small correction, they want it because blue state budgets cannot survive without that money. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 4 points 5 days ago Small correction, they want it because blue state budgets cannot survive without that money. permalink parent award report block reply
Somebody157 5 points 5 days ago How else are you gonna get rid of the illegals. stop paying them to be here. permalink award report block reply
TheArchAngel 5 points 5 days ago Trump is not the one who is withholding SNAP benefits, the Democrats in congress do. permalink award report block reply
CovfefeVideo 5 points 5 days ago Aw snap. permalink award report block reply
TheMustacheBandit 5 points 5 days ago Prepare for the Chimp out if 2025! permalink award report block reply
SalteenCracker 4 points 5 days ago AMEEERRRICCCAAAAAAAAA - FUUUUUCCKKK YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! permalink award report block reply
eclectic22 4 points 5 days ago Winning! permalink award report block reply
ListenJack 4 points 5 days ago Extra spicy ruling here by the DEI hire. Any one who argues against the ruling is a racist. Use that information how you see fit pedes. In an order late Friday night, Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson said the pause will remain in effect until the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issues a judgment on the matter. Jackson is the justice assigned to emergency applications out of the 1st circuit, and her order did not refer the matter to the full Supreme Court. https://abcnews.go.com/US/trump-administration-asks-appeals-court-immediately-halt-ruling/story?id=127294307 permalink award report block reply
tlorsung 4 points 5 days ago Loser Democrat voters can't get their politicians to do their job so now SCOTUS has to step in?  Proof that Democrats are corrupt has Hell!  We need to destroy every Democrat supporter for being as dumb as a rock! permalink award report block reply
Dangerous 4 points 5 days ago The courts never "allow" anything, they RULE what is or isn't ALREADY according to the law and its proper interpretation. If the ruling is that "Trump can/cannot do x", then either the judges ruling is intentional misinterpretation of the written law or Trump could always do/not do the thing as written in the law. Saying/writing things like "allows" helps preserve the environment where judiciary authorities have powers they aren't supposed to posses permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 4 points 5 days ago it's outrageous that courts can literally control the executive branch, tell them what to spend or not, etc. permalink award report block reply
PeaceMakerDJT 4 points 5 days ago how are we feeling about them making the tariff decision? The prediction market has them denying tariffing countries permalink award report block reply
Meddlesom 3 points 5 days ago Well duh. Only congress can release the funds for SNAP. Separation of powers and all that, executive branch doesn't have the authority to simply fund SNAP without a spending bill from the legislature.  Activist judges can go fuck themselves, they know it's not within the president's authority, so it's an illegal ruling. permalink award report block reply
For_All_Mankind 3 points 5 days ago This will just make people hate him permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 19 points 5 days ago WHO FUCKING CARES.
Fuck optics. Shit doesn’t matter anymore. Just WIN NOW! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 4 points 5 days ago I don't think Trump will do it, he's gonna fund it. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago Optics is how many jumped off the Biden Kamala train and voted for Trump. "Just Win Now!" LOL WTF does that even mean? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Play to fucking win. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 0 points 4 days ago Look at this retard. He thinks the 20 million that voted for Biden and not Kamala are actual voters. Wake the fuck up, idiot. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 4 days ago Seen you spout bullshit in alot of posts this week. Hope you crack open a nice warm bud light. permalink parent award report block reply 5854110203868847 9 points 5 days ago Most the people affected by this  already hate him permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 0 points 5 days ago And now there are new people who hate him. People who jumped off the democrat train temporarily last election... permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 2 points 5 days ago Those folks are situational traitors, and we don't need them. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago To win an election you need as many votes as possible...ESPECIALLY in blue areas LOL permalink parent award report block reply NancyPeloci 3 points 5 days ago Who? permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Hopefully those people starve after they cheered for murdering Charlie permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 1 points 5 days ago Yeah not sure why the administration appealed that ruling...it would have let them fund snap, without looking too eager to do so, and taking some of the pressure off the Republicans in the senate to cut a deal. BUT I bet there's a good reason permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 5 points 5 days ago That's rino talk. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 4 points 5 days ago No, if democrats would stop holding up the government...it would have let snap benefits continue.  This is not on the republicans in any way, shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 5 days ago Actually it wouldn't. It's an impossible order to fulfil and was done poorly. The appeal is basically "can you look at this shit and tell them they are retarded?" permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Starving Democrats isn't a loss. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 19 points 5 days ago WHO FUCKING CARES.
Fuck optics. Shit doesn’t matter anymore. Just WIN NOW! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 4 points 5 days ago I don't think Trump will do it, he's gonna fund it. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago Optics is how many jumped off the Biden Kamala train and voted for Trump. "Just Win Now!" LOL WTF does that even mean? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Play to fucking win. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 0 points 4 days ago Look at this retard. He thinks the 20 million that voted for Biden and not Kamala are actual voters. Wake the fuck up, idiot. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 4 days ago Seen you spout bullshit in alot of posts this week. Hope you crack open a nice warm bud light. permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 4 points 5 days ago I don't think Trump will do it, he's gonna fund it. permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago Optics is how many jumped off the Biden Kamala train and voted for Trump. "Just Win Now!" LOL WTF does that even mean? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Play to fucking win. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 0 points 4 days ago Look at this retard. He thinks the 20 million that voted for Biden and not Kamala are actual voters. Wake the fuck up, idiot. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 4 days ago Seen you spout bullshit in alot of posts this week. Hope you crack open a nice warm bud light. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Play to fucking win. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 0 points 4 days ago Look at this retard. He thinks the 20 million that voted for Biden and not Kamala are actual voters. Wake the fuck up, idiot. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 4 days ago Seen you spout bullshit in alot of posts this week. Hope you crack open a nice warm bud light. permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 4 days ago Seen you spout bullshit in alot of posts this week. Hope you crack open a nice warm bud light. permalink parent award report block reply
5854110203868847 9 points 5 days ago Most the people affected by this  already hate him permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 0 points 5 days ago And now there are new people who hate him. People who jumped off the democrat train temporarily last election... permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 2 points 5 days ago Those folks are situational traitors, and we don't need them. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago To win an election you need as many votes as possible...ESPECIALLY in blue areas LOL permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 0 points 5 days ago And now there are new people who hate him. People who jumped off the democrat train temporarily last election... permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 2 points 5 days ago Those folks are situational traitors, and we don't need them. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago To win an election you need as many votes as possible...ESPECIALLY in blue areas LOL permalink parent award report block reply
Beelzy 2 points 5 days ago Those folks are situational traitors, and we don't need them. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago To win an election you need as many votes as possible...ESPECIALLY in blue areas LOL permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 5 days ago To win an election you need as many votes as possible...ESPECIALLY in blue areas LOL permalink parent award report block reply
NancyPeloci 3 points 5 days ago Who? permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Hopefully those people starve after they cheered for murdering Charlie permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 1 points 5 days ago Yeah not sure why the administration appealed that ruling...it would have let them fund snap, without looking too eager to do so, and taking some of the pressure off the Republicans in the senate to cut a deal. BUT I bet there's a good reason permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 5 points 5 days ago That's rino talk. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 4 points 5 days ago No, if democrats would stop holding up the government...it would have let snap benefits continue.  This is not on the republicans in any way, shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 5 days ago Actually it wouldn't. It's an impossible order to fulfil and was done poorly. The appeal is basically "can you look at this shit and tell them they are retarded?" permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Starving Democrats isn't a loss. permalink parent award report block reply
ToxicAvengerOhio 5 points 5 days ago That's rino talk. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 4 points 5 days ago No, if democrats would stop holding up the government...it would have let snap benefits continue.  This is not on the republicans in any way, shape or form. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 5 days ago Actually it wouldn't. It's an impossible order to fulfil and was done poorly. The appeal is basically "can you look at this shit and tell them they are retarded?" permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 2 points 5 days ago Starving Democrats isn't a loss. permalink parent award report block reply
Plutossextape1 3 points 5 days ago I remember when judges were seen as honorable people and not in the same company as drug dealers, journalists or politicians.  This headline is horseshit. The president never had the power to fund this. permalink award report block reply
goldkeyboardwarrior 3 points 5 days ago The fact that Ketanji Brown Jackson was the one that wrote the order pausing SNAP is cracking me up. permalink award report block reply
kjj9 3 points 5 days ago Stay order: https://www.supremecourt.gov/orders/courtorders/110725zr_pnk0.pdf docket: https://www.supremecourt.gov/docket/docketfiles/html/public/25a539.html permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 5 days ago It's 9 billion to fund SNAP for just November and there's 5 billion in an emergency fund that could be used.  President Trump should go ahead with the 50% like he wanted to. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 7 points 5 days ago Fuck that. Give it to air traffic controllers - people who do legitimate work. Don't give a dime to the Democrats' base permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 5 days ago Poor Senior citizens need help and the Dems want them dead. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 3 points 5 days ago They have families that should be taking care of them in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 5 days ago Yes, they need to be. permalink parent award report block reply tt777 1 points 4 days ago Isn't that the whole point of social security? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Tell the Snap people to get a job. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 0 points 5 days ago This! permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 5 days ago Trump already burnt that option by attempting malicious compliance with "It will probably take a month to 6 to figure out how to send a reduced amount." The messaging is allover the place with the admin sadly. The whole cost of living "I don't want to hear it" is going to come back to haunt him. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 7 points 5 days ago Fuck that. Give it to air traffic controllers - people who do legitimate work. Don't give a dime to the Democrats' base permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 5 days ago Poor Senior citizens need help and the Dems want them dead. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 3 points 5 days ago They have families that should be taking care of them in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 5 days ago Yes, they need to be. permalink parent award report block reply tt777 1 points 4 days ago Isn't that the whole point of social security? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Tell the Snap people to get a job. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 0 points 5 days ago This! permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 5 days ago Poor Senior citizens need help and the Dems want them dead. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 3 points 5 days ago They have families that should be taking care of them in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 5 days ago Yes, they need to be. permalink parent award report block reply tt777 1 points 4 days ago Isn't that the whole point of social security? permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 3 points 5 days ago They have families that should be taking care of them in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 5 days ago Yes, they need to be. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 5 days ago Yes, they need to be. permalink parent award report block reply
tt777 1 points 4 days ago Isn't that the whole point of social security? permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 5 days ago Tell the Snap people to get a job. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 0 points 5 days ago This! permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 3 points 5 days ago Trump already burnt that option by attempting malicious compliance with "It will probably take a month to 6 to figure out how to send a reduced amount." The messaging is allover the place with the admin sadly. The whole cost of living "I don't want to hear it" is going to come back to haunt him. permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 2 points 5 days ago Judge Clarence Thomas rules that Democrat senators have to vote to end the shutdown. Why don't judges rule what Congress has to do? permalink award report block reply
Amway 2 points 5 days ago Bet this shutdown will end sooner now that people will go hungry. Hunger is more immediate than running to the doctor with a runny nose. permalink award report block reply
DeplorableNeandertal 2 points 5 days ago I think this snap shit is hurting the maga agenda and the dems know that. It’s good normies know that they are getting hosed but it’s costing votes. And I still think votes matter permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago Correct permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago Folks are worried about looking weak not realizing they are losing all but the MAGA die hards. You got Trump going out of his way to resist paying SNAP which makes it firmly a "Trump wants them to starve" issue and you got him saying stupid shit like "I don't wanna hear folks complaining about the cost of living; thankgiving is down 25% in cost." when most people have been living the economic horror show. Folks didn't learn much from the election earlier this week and now are desperately trying to sidestep the electorate entirely by pinning hopes on getting rid of the fillibuster because the admin does refuse to work at all with the left unless its complete and total submission; forgetting that he is supposed to represent all the voters. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 5 days ago So you're saying normies are dumb and don't know he can't actually do that? He's not going out of his way to resist paying SNAP. It's literally out of his purview to do that. I know understanding the intricacies of bloated bureaucracy is difficult but at least don't make shit up. Honestly, your entire comment sounds like a lib trying to jack people up. If I said you have to give me a million dollars or you can't eat do you think it's fair to say it's your fault for not reaching across the aisle and compromising with me or would you tell me to fuck off? You'd tell me to fuck off absolutely but I can't believe you aren't representing all voters here. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 5 days ago Government finds a way to fund that which it wishes to fund. The reality that the admin went running to SCOTUS tonight to resist lower court rulings is a prime example of that - who will take the admin to task for following the courts? The old golden rule applies here in general and I am presenting the reality of the issue at hand. If my comment is going to "jack people up" why do you think it might do that? Did the Admin not go to SCOTUS this evening to avoid having to find a means to do the full payout? Am I wrong? To answer your second question; if you say "surrender and I promise I will treat you well." despite the fact that every encounter we had up to this point has proven you will lie and disregard me and abuse me - why would I surrender to you this time? You'll note I actually avoided referencing Trump being the fault of the shutdown - most people looking at it can see its clearly the democrats playing politics - they are using the leverage they got; but it is the admin trying to resist the whole SNAP thing; the admin has tried very hard to make it seem like its hands are tied but the court filings over and over support this fact that the admin is being disingenuous. For me its not a matter of either side being right or wrong; its neither side willing to work together; the democrats up to this point were given the equivelent of a pinky promise if they support the funding bill that they will talk about their wishlist items. The republicans have been given a laundry list of healthcare demands (in addition to the ACA funding). Its showing that some republicans are willing to meet the dems part way and perhaps offer stuff like the ACA funding because up to this point the only thing offered was "give up all your leverage and trust me" which I think Trump would agree would be a foolish stance to take - or do you think if the shoe was on the other foot the republicans would agree? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 4 days ago Nothing you said is true. Like fundamentally you believe total bullshit. Trump didn't run to SCOTUS. The judge requested something impossible and fucking illegal. Like if he did it, it would mean he committed a criminal act. You don't get to say do this criminal act that a president can't do or else. No, the government doesn't find ways to fund things. Congress is the only people can do that. Your entire comment is the rantings of a nutcase. Like you don't understand anything it seems. You are clearly a LARPing leftist concern trolling. Hey at least you aren't a nasty fuck. I'll give you that. permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 5 days ago Correct permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 5 days ago Folks are worried about looking weak not realizing they are losing all but the MAGA die hards. You got Trump going out of his way to resist paying SNAP which makes it firmly a "Trump wants them to starve" issue and you got him saying stupid shit like "I don't wanna hear folks complaining about the cost of living; thankgiving is down 25% in cost." when most people have been living the economic horror show. Folks didn't learn much from the election earlier this week and now are desperately trying to sidestep the electorate entirely by pinning hopes on getting rid of the fillibuster because the admin does refuse to work at all with the left unless its complete and total submission; forgetting that he is supposed to represent all the voters. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 5 days ago So you're saying normies are dumb and don't know he can't actually do that? He's not going out of his way to resist paying SNAP. It's literally out of his purview to do that. I know understanding the intricacies of bloated bureaucracy is difficult but at least don't make shit up. Honestly, your entire comment sounds like a lib trying to jack people up. If I said you have to give me a million dollars or you can't eat do you think it's fair to say it's your fault for not reaching across the aisle and compromising with me or would you tell me to fuck off? You'd tell me to fuck off absolutely but I can't believe you aren't representing all voters here. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 5 days ago Government finds a way to fund that which it wishes to fund. The reality that the admin went running to SCOTUS tonight to resist lower court rulings is a prime example of that - who will take the admin to task for following the courts? The old golden rule applies here in general and I am presenting the reality of the issue at hand. If my comment is going to "jack people up" why do you think it might do that? Did the Admin not go to SCOTUS this evening to avoid having to find a means to do the full payout? Am I wrong? To answer your second question; if you say "surrender and I promise I will treat you well." despite the fact that every encounter we had up to this point has proven you will lie and disregard me and abuse me - why would I surrender to you this time? You'll note I actually avoided referencing Trump being the fault of the shutdown - most people looking at it can see its clearly the democrats playing politics - they are using the leverage they got; but it is the admin trying to resist the whole SNAP thing; the admin has tried very hard to make it seem like its hands are tied but the court filings over and over support this fact that the admin is being disingenuous. For me its not a matter of either side being right or wrong; its neither side willing to work together; the democrats up to this point were given the equivelent of a pinky promise if they support the funding bill that they will talk about their wishlist items. The republicans have been given a laundry list of healthcare demands (in addition to the ACA funding). Its showing that some republicans are willing to meet the dems part way and perhaps offer stuff like the ACA funding because up to this point the only thing offered was "give up all your leverage and trust me" which I think Trump would agree would be a foolish stance to take - or do you think if the shoe was on the other foot the republicans would agree? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 4 days ago Nothing you said is true. Like fundamentally you believe total bullshit. Trump didn't run to SCOTUS. The judge requested something impossible and fucking illegal. Like if he did it, it would mean he committed a criminal act. You don't get to say do this criminal act that a president can't do or else. No, the government doesn't find ways to fund things. Congress is the only people can do that. Your entire comment is the rantings of a nutcase. Like you don't understand anything it seems. You are clearly a LARPing leftist concern trolling. Hey at least you aren't a nasty fuck. I'll give you that. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 0 points 5 days ago So you're saying normies are dumb and don't know he can't actually do that? He's not going out of his way to resist paying SNAP. It's literally out of his purview to do that. I know understanding the intricacies of bloated bureaucracy is difficult but at least don't make shit up. Honestly, your entire comment sounds like a lib trying to jack people up. If I said you have to give me a million dollars or you can't eat do you think it's fair to say it's your fault for not reaching across the aisle and compromising with me or would you tell me to fuck off? You'd tell me to fuck off absolutely but I can't believe you aren't representing all voters here. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 0 points 5 days ago Government finds a way to fund that which it wishes to fund. The reality that the admin went running to SCOTUS tonight to resist lower court rulings is a prime example of that - who will take the admin to task for following the courts? The old golden rule applies here in general and I am presenting the reality of the issue at hand. If my comment is going to "jack people up" why do you think it might do that? Did the Admin not go to SCOTUS this evening to avoid having to find a means to do the full payout? Am I wrong? To answer your second question; if you say "surrender and I promise I will treat you well." despite the fact that every encounter we had up to this point has proven you will lie and disregard me and abuse me - why would I surrender to you this time? You'll note I actually avoided referencing Trump being the fault of the shutdown - most people looking at it can see its clearly the democrats playing politics - they are using the leverage they got; but it is the admin trying to resist the whole SNAP thing; the admin has tried very hard to make it seem like its hands are tied but the court filings over and over support this fact that the admin is being disingenuous. For me its not a matter of either side being right or wrong; its neither side willing to work together; the democrats up to this point were given the equivelent of a pinky promise if they support the funding bill that they will talk about their wishlist items. The republicans have been given a laundry list of healthcare demands (in addition to the ACA funding). Its showing that some republicans are willing to meet the dems part way and perhaps offer stuff like the ACA funding because up to this point the only thing offered was "give up all your leverage and trust me" which I think Trump would agree would be a foolish stance to take - or do you think if the shoe was on the other foot the republicans would agree? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 4 days ago Nothing you said is true. Like fundamentally you believe total bullshit. Trump didn't run to SCOTUS. The judge requested something impossible and fucking illegal. Like if he did it, it would mean he committed a criminal act. You don't get to say do this criminal act that a president can't do or else. No, the government doesn't find ways to fund things. Congress is the only people can do that. Your entire comment is the rantings of a nutcase. Like you don't understand anything it seems. You are clearly a LARPing leftist concern trolling. Hey at least you aren't a nasty fuck. I'll give you that. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 0 points 5 days ago Government finds a way to fund that which it wishes to fund. The reality that the admin went running to SCOTUS tonight to resist lower court rulings is a prime example of that - who will take the admin to task for following the courts? The old golden rule applies here in general and I am presenting the reality of the issue at hand. If my comment is going to "jack people up" why do you think it might do that? Did the Admin not go to SCOTUS this evening to avoid having to find a means to do the full payout? Am I wrong? To answer your second question; if you say "surrender and I promise I will treat you well." despite the fact that every encounter we had up to this point has proven you will lie and disregard me and abuse me - why would I surrender to you this time? You'll note I actually avoided referencing Trump being the fault of the shutdown - most people looking at it can see its clearly the democrats playing politics - they are using the leverage they got; but it is the admin trying to resist the whole SNAP thing; the admin has tried very hard to make it seem like its hands are tied but the court filings over and over support this fact that the admin is being disingenuous. For me its not a matter of either side being right or wrong; its neither side willing to work together; the democrats up to this point were given the equivelent of a pinky promise if they support the funding bill that they will talk about their wishlist items. The republicans have been given a laundry list of healthcare demands (in addition to the ACA funding). Its showing that some republicans are willing to meet the dems part way and perhaps offer stuff like the ACA funding because up to this point the only thing offered was "give up all your leverage and trust me" which I think Trump would agree would be a foolish stance to take - or do you think if the shoe was on the other foot the republicans would agree? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 0 points 4 days ago Nothing you said is true. Like fundamentally you believe total bullshit. Trump didn't run to SCOTUS. The judge requested something impossible and fucking illegal. Like if he did it, it would mean he committed a criminal act. You don't get to say do this criminal act that a president can't do or else. No, the government doesn't find ways to fund things. Congress is the only people can do that. Your entire comment is the rantings of a nutcase. Like you don't understand anything it seems. You are clearly a LARPing leftist concern trolling. Hey at least you aren't a nasty fuck. I'll give you that. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 0 points 4 days ago Nothing you said is true. Like fundamentally you believe total bullshit. Trump didn't run to SCOTUS. The judge requested something impossible and fucking illegal. Like if he did it, it would mean he committed a criminal act. You don't get to say do this criminal act that a president can't do or else. No, the government doesn't find ways to fund things. Congress is the only people can do that. Your entire comment is the rantings of a nutcase. Like you don't understand anything it seems. You are clearly a LARPing leftist concern trolling. Hey at least you aren't a nasty fuck. I'll give you that. permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 2 points 4 days ago Fund SNAP... okay, with what fucking money? My understanding is that they've already had to the raid the student lunch funds. permalink award report block reply
SoyLatte 2 points 5 days ago Wonder who said no in the SC permalink award report block reply
paramour 1 points 4 days ago It's about fucking time... permalink award report block reply
Patriot_Dave 1 points 4 days ago Clarence laughing his ass off. permalink award report block reply
BBvarn 1 points 4 days ago Stupid judges, just tell the demonrats to pass the CR. Do we have to get a federal judge to demand demonrats sign the CR? How about Trump pack the SC with 5 MAGA patriots, no law degree required. That will get these fools moving. permalink award report block reply
Elric44357 1 points 4 days ago He is not withholding funding he is just not raiding emergency funds. Very misleading headline. permalink award report block reply
atbunch 1 points 5 days ago Chaching permalink award report block reply
MythArcana 1 points 5 days ago Oops! We are snatching defeat from the jaws of victory again. https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2025/11/07/trump-administration-to-provide-full-snap-benefits-november/ permalink award report block reply
llirrem 1 points 5 days ago How generous of them permalink award report block reply
AlvinOfTheTrumpmunks 1 points 5 days ago It will be the Democrat cities and states that will feel the most pain from their dependence on SNAP. Same places that already hate Trump. permalink award report block reply
FrankDuncan 1 points 4 days ago Get a job, lazy fat asses! permalink award report block reply
Plutossextape1 1 points 5 days ago If you qualify for SNAP then you should be forced onto SNIP! State Neutering Initiative Program. permalink award report block reply
TearsAficionado 1 points 4 days ago That monkey on the right is an absolute insult to everything that is American. permalink award report block reply
Beachboy1b 1 points 4 days ago So effectively, all the bullshit the Dems were spewing last night has now been rendered publicly as bullshit. They have no more little lies they can peddle, and the Senate SHOULD ALL vote to reopen the government. Whatever “leverage” they thought they had, is gone. permalink award report block reply
HyperCarbs 1 points 5 days ago Lawfair at work. Trump keeps winning! permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 4 days ago VA set up emergency food benefits, and MD was slammed into following. permalink award report block reply
michaelsuede 1 points 5 days ago As much as I agree with the decision, it's bad politics. People love them gimme dats. permalink award report block reply
BibleProphecyFulfill 1 points 4 days ago AP back at it again with their BS headlines. permalink award report block reply
13Maga135 1 points 5 days ago yet my friend's brother is saying he's gonna have a judge rule against trump again so that he can post a gif, because his gifs that make him look cool are more important permalink award report block reply
DlanOdcammron 1 points 5 days ago Dog shit choice of words. permalink award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 0 points 4 days ago Starving fatties back on the menu boys! permalink award report block reply
comeonmanlol -2 points 5 days ago What a Dictator POS Trump is permalink award report block reply