58 Many nations pay to influence in the USA. 

What is unusual about Qatar is that they also spend on universities, sports teams, lobbying Congress and they fund mosque construction EVERYWHERE. No other country is so comprehensive about seeking to build influence in the USA. posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 9 comments award share report block Wall Street Mav @WallStreetMav • 19h Foreign influence in the USA is at an all-time high. The reports filed via FARA (Foreign Agents Registration Act) tell the story. Many nations pay to influence in the USA. What is unusual about Qatar is that they also spend on universities, sports teams, lobbying Congress and
9 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Region 4 points 13 hours ago Really? NO OTHER country? The Zionist propaganda is getting really deep 😂 permalink award report block reply hellohellohellohell 3 points 13 hours ago China, too. It's gotten to the point where I just auto-downvote any post with the word "Qatar" in it. permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 2 points 14 hours ago I hear they have really nice planes, too. permalink award report block reply Calumet57 2 points 13 hours ago Free is the best price. permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 1 points 14 hours ago Your thinking is down in the Qatar? permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 5 points 13 hours ago I SAID NO OTHER COUNTRY REEEE! AQPAC and Ben Al-Piro want to know your location. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 11 hours ago Foreign influence is at an all time high, who’s surprised when the Nation is on the auction block. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 1 points 10 hours ago I’m glad we’re finally talking about this. Let’s talk about how they made a deal to bail out the UK who’s socialism bankrupted them, but the deal made the UK take in millions of Arab useless eaters they didn’t want. permalink award report block reply shogun5000 1 points 12 hours ago LMAO! No other country, huh? permalink award report block reply
Region 4 points 13 hours ago Really? NO OTHER country? The Zionist propaganda is getting really deep 😂 permalink award report block reply hellohellohellohell 3 points 13 hours ago China, too. It's gotten to the point where I just auto-downvote any post with the word "Qatar" in it. permalink parent award report block reply
hellohellohellohell 3 points 13 hours ago China, too. It's gotten to the point where I just auto-downvote any post with the word "Qatar" in it. permalink parent award report block reply
justinkayz 2 points 14 hours ago I hear they have really nice planes, too. permalink award report block reply Calumet57 2 points 13 hours ago Free is the best price. permalink parent award report block reply
Calumet57 2 points 13 hours ago Free is the best price. permalink parent award report block reply
Calumet57 1 points 14 hours ago Your thinking is down in the Qatar? permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 5 points 13 hours ago I SAID NO OTHER COUNTRY REEEE! AQPAC and Ben Al-Piro want to know your location. permalink parent award report block reply
SmallestShil 5 points 13 hours ago I SAID NO OTHER COUNTRY REEEE! AQPAC and Ben Al-Piro want to know your location. permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 1 points 11 hours ago Foreign influence is at an all time high, who’s surprised when the Nation is on the auction block. permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 1 points 10 hours ago I’m glad we’re finally talking about this. Let’s talk about how they made a deal to bail out the UK who’s socialism bankrupted them, but the deal made the UK take in millions of Arab useless eaters they didn’t want. permalink award report block reply
shogun5000 1 points 12 hours ago LMAO! No other country, huh? permalink award report block reply