251 Trump's approval is down 50% with 18-29 year olds since the beginning of 2025. Thoughts? posted 6 days ago by HIGH___ENERGY 87 comments award share download report block
87 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Grows Back in A Few Days! At Any Stage of Baldness HaloGrow MemphisMontoya71 49 points 6 days ago The optics matter.  The first year of Trump was focused on Israel, Iran, and Ukraine. Not working Americans.  This isn't rocket science.  The economy sucks hard, and this generation is feeling the worst pain.  They will never own a home at this rate...H1b's taking the jobs... And the Republican sell outs are taking vacations.  Trump can't do it alone, but the priorities are all out of whack, its status-quo again...we aren't getting back America this way, its not effective and time is running out. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 20 points 6 days ago 27-year-old here. Spot on. I'm running out of hopium. I've said many times that based on how things go, 2026 might be the last time I vote. It's growing more obvious to me that, as a conservative white male who is Gen Z, my vote and opinion don't matter anymore. I'm shifting my focus to the local level and to what I can do. permalink parent award report block reply MemphisMontoya71 11 points 6 days ago I'm Gen X and fighting for your generation to prosper...i know what hard times are, and I know our system is dead broke, but change from the bottom up takes generations...its too bad we are letting this moment slip through our fingers.  I plan to isolate in a few years, and help my local community as much as possible, outside of that, the rot in the cities will be too much and unreversible. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -13 points 6 days ago 🤣 It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 5 points 6 days ago The economic collapse of the millennial generation, and by extent, gen z, has been predicted eerily accurately, for over 20 years. And 0% of the blame lies on millennials or gen z... Millennials were children when it began, and gen z weren't even born. Everything that is happening now was accurately predicted in every single major publication in the early 00's-10's. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief 0 points 6 days ago So they aren’t entitled? Their economic situation caused by Biden’s inflation and waste wasn’t 100% reversed in 9 months so now they just give up? We can never improve things with this level of retardation and entitlement. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Goozmania 16 points 6 days ago Notice the median age of first time home ownership is following the line of the oldest millennials. So it looks like millennials are just as impacted; probably worse, since they'll all be elderly before anything could get better. The median age of the first-time home buyer is now 40; the oldest millennials are 44. The median age went up every year for the past several years, following the age of millennials lol. permalink parent award report block reply Foreign_Aid_is_Theft 8 points 6 days ago Its not just H1-B either. After forty years, we are now competing with full fledged citizens of H1-Bs. They took more than just immediate job opportunities. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 6 points 6 days ago use the Force, Donard... and by the force, we mean the nuclear option. and by nuclear option, we mean military tribunals for the politicians, guantanomo for antifa, rioters, protesters who interfere with ice, etc, immediate deportations of all illegals, immediate revokation of foreign work and student visas, 1000% tariffs on all offshore labor, and violent election integrity measures. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago LMAO. Fucking Q-tard's gotta Q-tard 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 4 points 6 days ago Israel, Iran and Ukraine and Venezuela. At least those first 3 there was some plausible excuse that he inherited conflicts from past administration. No such cover for Venezuela. Flimsy cover for Iran and its becoming obvious that Ukraine is now 'his' war and not Biden's as he kept claiming at the beginning. he keeps spouting off about how well the stock market is doing while most people know that a) most of the population has barely anything in the stock market b) once you take out inflation and the very obvious AI bubble, the stock market is doing quite poorly On topic of war, it cannot be understated how utterly indefensible from the moral stand point, US support of Israel is. Everyone knows this is a genocide and this moral debt isn't going away - Israel is going to be a cursed nation for decades after this, if it lasts that long. Finally - there is also a growing awareness that payback from the left is coming. GOP does not have the balls to hold and wield the power they have but they did manage to cross some lines and open the gates to stuff that the commies will exploit without a second thought. The left is beginning to recover from the loss of 2024 and I bet that already and ever-more over the next 3 years people will grow fearful of being with the conservatives once that push back begins. And by the way: the greatest crime by the government that has ever been perpetrated, COVID scam followed by the vaccine scam - so everyone who pushed that shit, profited from that they are scot-free. There is not even a murmur of a rumor of any accountability coming on that. Its been swept under the rug and now sits like a giant boulder - a pink one with a sign of 'look at the the corruption which we are not touching' Money printing hasn't stopped either. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -1 points 6 days ago How exactly was it a “genocide”.  If you are gonna make retarded claims then prove them. permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 5 points 6 days ago They spent months blocking all aid including food from being delivered to a besieged city full of civilians and even now are stopping much of the aid. Preventing such basic supplies from being sent to a city = starving civilian population = genocide. Simple as. You need proof on something that literally no one on the planet is disputing, including Israel themselves, go google it. For
Try 'Israel says it will allow food to enter Gaza', maybe that will help you catch up to what the rest of the world has known for over half they year now. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -3 points 6 days ago OK Mohamed. Last press conference I saw a couple of weeks ago was an Israeli military spokesman proving they have delivered thousands of tons of aid and showing the video of all the trucks and staging infrastructure required by Israel to do it. As well as video after video of the trucks being highjacked and stolen by your friends. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... MidwestZoomer 23 points 6 days ago He isnt deporting enough, he isnt arresting enough, he clearly isnt willing to use the force necessary to restore this country. And he constantly acts like a fucking shield for the tiny hat people. Those are my biggest gripes. permalink award report block reply RowardHoark 5 points 6 days ago This ^ from what I hear, they want him to ignore the courts and crush the left. They want someone extremely far right in charge, GEOTUS isn’t doing enough to destroy the enemy. We know congress has no balls, so Trump has to be the one moving the needle permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 7 points 6 days ago The courts lost legitimacy along time ago, his loyalty is to the constitution and the people permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Look at the retarded faggot who doesn't want to notice that Trump is deporting more in 2025 than Eisenhower did in Operation Wetback's 1.5 years of existence. Ike only deported 300,000. Trump is going to deport over 2 million for 2025. Retarded faggots like you aren't including voluntary deportations where illegals leave on their own because fear of being deported by ICE. permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 5 points 6 days ago Trump didn't deport 2 million.  They left on their own, and it's a number that's been pulled out of thin air with nothing to back it up.  As far as hard numbers, they've only hit a couple hundred thousand. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 3 points 6 days ago I am including those you retard. And who said anything about illegals? I want the legal ones gone too. and even if he gets them ALL, the moment democrats get in we will be right back here. He needs to get ALL of them, and undo the hart cellar immigration act all together. You want to sit there and eat shit and be happy about the sprinkles on it, thats fine. But youre still a shit eater permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 20 points 6 days ago Most likely has much more to do with the fact that they still don't have jobs, still don't own homes, still don't have families, etc. Trump was never going to MAGA, his job was to get the government out of the way so that the people of this country could MAGA permalink award report block reply Pickles76 1 points 5 days ago Very difficult to MAGA.  Rigged elections. Until that is fixed, corruption will continue to spread.  Look at NYC, prime example.  Until we remove the commies from our gov and institutions, they’ll keep breeding retards who “vote”.  Until they remove all illegals and ALL Anti-America “legals” and citizens, they will continue to control schools, courts, media etc.  MAGA is being attacked on so many levels, if you’re young and just starting out in life and you’re surrounded by retards, pedos, traitors, Muslims, Jews, illegals, Indians, a cost of living so high you can’t save and pay the ridiculous rent and cost of living, you’re outlook on life is not positive at all. And if you’re a white male, you are discriminated against.  Hard to get a job!  And if you’re young and your only hope is the one thing you have that you think makes a difference (your vote) and you use it and your guy wins yet nothing has directly changed in your personal life, yeah, your approval will be pretty low.  I can’t blame this generation for feeling that way.  And, they murdered Charlie, he was a major beacon for the younger generations. Mine too (gen X). permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -11 points 6 days ago This. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold their hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. permalink parent award report block reply newdaynewname9 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 12 points 6 days ago Enemy action trying to split the Maga coalition. Or just another blowhard fool. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 15 points 6 days ago He's not MAGA. He talked up Kamala all throughout October 2024, and admitted to Tucker that he didn't vote for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Lots of blackpillers here who suck Nick's chode are so fucking pathetic and lazy to go buy their own homes without government helping them out that I really do think that they want Trump to come and fuck their wives in order to get pregnant. That's the same fucking equivalent analogy of them demanding Trump to help them with paychecks and buying a home 🤣. They want the feds to come here and give them free or cheap homes but they don't want to apply for Section 8 housing because of optics. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 5 points 6 days ago It's hard to deny though; I bought my place not so many years ago.  If I would have been doing that today, the same place is now selling for ~3x what I paid, interest rates are higher, and so, even with the combined income would not have qualified. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 6 days ago Yup...I'm Gen X and have had 4 homes. Bought my 1st when I was 21. Trump not working on MAGA is a flat out LIE...Tarriffs, the largest investment dollars in history, closed border, protecting cities, STILL doing trade deals. It's as if an administration can do more than one thing at a time. permalink parent award report block reply CrispyCracker2 11 points 6 days ago He's right. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 9 points 6 days ago All Trump has really done is bomb a few places.  No help on his domestic affordability issues that young men care about.  No arrests of note either. permalink award report block reply possibletower -9 points 6 days ago LMAO. Awww, the retarded faggot speaks. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply red_holiday2 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 9 points 6 days ago It's because we're losing our populist edge. Trump is getting pics of him snapped at Great Gatsby parties while the economy is slow to recover from the Biden regime and we've had no grand domestic victories. We've only stopped the bleeding, not healed the wound. Trump's always won on being the outsider, but now we're starting to be perceived as "elitist allies" because the image isn't being maintained. Not to mention the left is churning out ideas. All of them are retarded and will fail, but it's something for their death cult base to rally around. What is our side's big policy push going into 2026? That's the question we need to answer. permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 5 points 6 days ago Trump and Melania - and Tiffany with her husband - dining at the Royal Great Hall and being toasted by King Charles didn’t help either.  And the huge stink the democrats are making about the new Ball Room that is being built at the White House. Even though it is not costing the American people any money, it’s not a good look right now when many Americans can’t afford to pay their mortgage, much less build a new deck in their yard. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Most of those photos were photos from Hollywood parties like a Lady Gaga party with the girls in large martini glasses photos. Lots of X fags were spamming their favorite singers' extravagant parties on X and lying and claiming that that was at Mar a Lago. You retards keep believing whatever X retards post. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. Also, OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 3 points 6 days ago Nobody expects trump to buy their home for them.  But maybe he could keep banks from buying all the inventory and driving up prices.  They don't want free health care, but maybe he could stop the handouts to Pharma companies.  They don't need welfare, but perhaps Trump could stop importing Pajeets who take our jobs. You can sit there and talk tough all you want, but then you're going to lose because it is in fact the president's job to address the issues that matter to America.  It's called being America First. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 8 points 6 days ago Calling us idiots didn’t help or dining Gates and Zuckerberg. permalink award report block reply giggitybooped 7 points 6 days ago Epstein was a mark against him, groceries and life in general isn't much if at all cheaper than under Biden. Gas is up in our area, food, insurance, etc. people losing their jobs to AI or India offshore resources. Etc... I like Trump but there's still a lot to be negative about from the last admin that hasn't improved much for a lot of people permalink award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 7 points 6 days ago Make America FIRST Again! permalink award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago Trump is making America first again. Nick Fuentes is Nazi Germany/USSR first. You should call out Nick for simping for Stalin the other day on Cucker Carlson. permalink parent award report block reply tylersfarley 6 points 6 days ago Fuck this guy. Have you noticed these highly controversial types suddenly come to the surface during critical times? Always distracting MAGA messaging with dumb ass side quests. Fuentes, Kanye, Candace, Tucker. They all pop up at the worst time and throw us off track. Nothing they talk about gets us any votes. Dump this loser, Fuentes, he's a paid agent. Also, his argument doesn't even make sense. Trump just told Israel to stop the war. permalink award report block reply Metalheads4Trump 6 points 6 days ago Excellent post. I do not follow influencers, I do not follow “news”, I only trust God and Trump. If you cannot trust Trump by now you’re just being fake. We’ve been through this so many times now. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 0 points 6 days ago This is why the loss of Charlie Kirk was huge. Nobody else can replace him. Look how pathetic TPUSA is now. Lots of high school and college students signed up to start TPUSA chapters and we all see how poorly that is going just 2 months later. They are back looking at their smartphones while listening to K-pop. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -4 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 6 points 6 days ago Not tackling the domestic issues permalink award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago This is not true. Deportation,  Crime in cities, economic deals.... Trump can walk and chew gum at the same time. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 5 days ago I get it.  But most of his visible and public work has been on the international front.  Which is important.  But in the minds of millennial and genz is probably not what they are going to vote on. He needs to ensure that the people who are trying to get the economic ship sailing in the right direction are using every media platform - long form and short form - to broadcast the achievements of this presidency and the economic plans as well. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 5 points 6 days ago I support the Trump administration but lately pretty much since the Epstein debacle, I’ve been questioning a lot of things they’ve been doing. That said, still infinitely better than any other administration would have been. permalink award report block reply possibletower -4 points 6 days ago Cope. I could give a fuck about Epstein because Trump is the only president other than Clinton to have anything to do with Epstein and I don't want Epstein bullshit to fuck up Trump's final term. Why the fuck do you want another witch hunt DOJ/FBI investigation to look over Trump's involvement with Epstein? The Bushes, Obama, and Biden have NOTHING whatsoever to do with Epstein other than W Bush giving a slap on the wrist prison sentence to Epstein. If there is a new DOJ/FBI investigation over Epstein they will only investigate Trump, you dumbfuck. There are zero photos of the Bushes/Obama/Biden with Epstein. No receipts of them meeting him at all. permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 4 points 6 days ago Why are you talking about Obama/Biden/Bush as if that's the only thing that matters?  Those 3 were just tools of the blob.  We want the blob itself to go down, and that's what you'll find in the Epstein files.  We don't even care if there's an "investigation".  We want transparency.  They have hours and hours of video of powerful people, and all we have to do is expose them to take away their power and influence.  No need for a bullshit investigation at all.  Just a little truth is all we're asking for, but instead we're attacked and name called for wanting to go after the worst possible people on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply mikejones 4 points 6 days ago Trump cannot gain any traction with MAGA agenda. Judges and democrats and congress and the house don't want to play ball so it makes it near impossible. permalink award report block reply 1inchgroup 4 points 6 days ago Nick is trying to squeeze into a space he sees as his after Charlie was murdered.  He don't deserve it....should get back in the closet and beat it to Stalin some more. permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 6 days ago His masturbation comment about Stalin was one of the most disgusting shit I've ever heard. He must have finally learned about Hitler and Stalin being butt buddies for the first 2 years of WWII and now thinks Stalin is "based" and now blames "DAH JOOOZ" for separating Hitler and Stalin and starting to fight each other in 1941. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 4 points 6 days ago I will say this as many times as necessary; Trump is not far enough right and not America First enough. People are sick of watching our tax dollars go to support Israel and every damn thing else except the American people. They are sick of watching our tech sector and other critical industries be overrun with pajeets. We are living in Weimar America at this point, and eventually something is going to give. permalink award report block reply LePEDES 3 points 6 days ago Is our country already dead and we don’t even know it?? permalink award report block reply Mungo 3 points 6 days ago Bullshit permalink award report block reply HoganT 3 points 6 days ago Someone brings up a clear hole in our support structure cracking/having cracked. The response? Same as always. FuCk ThAt GuY, ShUt HiM uP!!!!! permalink award report block reply possibletower -2 points 6 days ago Except Nick is a huge cocksucker of Stalin and Hitler and is Nazi Germany/USSR First. He is definitely not America First. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 2 points 6 days ago Nah, you’re not triggered at all. permalink parent award report block reply josiborg 3 points 6 days ago MIGA permalink award report block reply Steve56775 3 points 6 days ago It was promised to be America first, but once again we have been duped. permalink award report block reply GontMawr 2 points 5 days ago You mean the geeneration that expects and wants everything now, now, now...are losing faith in Trump because he has been in office a year and done nothing? (in their eyes). They look for headlines and move on with thier next ADHD project. permalink award report block reply HumphreyPlowjogger 2 points 6 days ago They are waiting on justice to prevail over the Obama and FJB years as are the rest of us. permalink award report block reply starjello 2 points 6 days ago Trump seems to be ignoring their plight and they are recognizing that. Now watch a fag from the gay awankening (catsjive) down vote truth. permalink award report block reply Jimmy33 2 points 6 days ago WTF is this negative shit? Single young females are captured by Democrats, they’ll follow the men soon away from the dark side. permalink award report block reply Don-O-Mite 2 points 6 days ago yup. people are not getting shit done and many of us would like some replacements that will actually get to work. permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 1 points 6 days ago Try telling them they're lazy doomers,  ooh OOOH I know tell them how much more important it is that israel is protected than any of their problems being dealt with. permalink award report block reply squishles 1 points 6 days ago He's been letting aipac run silly, but it feels like the fuentes crowd's in a race with em to see who can stab him in the back first. permalink award report block reply MtnMover444 1 points 6 days ago 🇮🇱 permalink award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago You believe that giant asshole ? permalink award report block reply Comntrinchief -2 points 6 days ago Sure. Young people that most likely don’t pay taxes care about a few billion being sent to Israel to fight Islamists, our mortal enemy, while we have taken in over $1.5 TRILLION in tariff money. Makes perfect sense 🤣🤣🤣 permalink award report block reply Goozmania -2 points 6 days ago It has nothing to do with Israel... That's a cope... It has to do with nothing getting better. Israel is not directly responsible for nothing getting better here. Trump does multiple things at once, and hasn't flooded Israel with cash. The lack of legislation + the fact that inflation is a one-way street is responsible. People really thought "Vote Trump" = "Prices come down"; that's not possible... permalink award report block reply JoePlumber 6 points 6 days ago What if I was to tell you they are the same issue? permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 6 days ago I would call you retarded. Luckily you're not telling me that. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 2 points 6 days ago Israel controls nearly every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber -1 points 6 days ago Idk what any of this means. Israel controls every politician in Congress sans ~3-5. They don't control Trump but he sympathizes with them extensively and clearly does prioritize them. My life is just fine and I make enough money for me and my family to live comfortably so I'm not complaining out of selfishness just calling things like I see them. Israel controls every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 3 points 6 days ago Kinda true. Kinda not. Israel sure does have a habit of elbowing their way to the front of the line. permalink parent award report block reply newdaynewname9 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -3 points 6 days ago fwentess the aging faggggggg 🤓 i laughed, he’s obsolete, old-world twitter. permalink award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
MemphisMontoya71 49 points 6 days ago The optics matter.  The first year of Trump was focused on Israel, Iran, and Ukraine. Not working Americans.  This isn't rocket science.  The economy sucks hard, and this generation is feeling the worst pain.  They will never own a home at this rate...H1b's taking the jobs... And the Republican sell outs are taking vacations.  Trump can't do it alone, but the priorities are all out of whack, its status-quo again...we aren't getting back America this way, its not effective and time is running out. permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 20 points 6 days ago 27-year-old here. Spot on. I'm running out of hopium. I've said many times that based on how things go, 2026 might be the last time I vote. It's growing more obvious to me that, as a conservative white male who is Gen Z, my vote and opinion don't matter anymore. I'm shifting my focus to the local level and to what I can do. permalink parent award report block reply MemphisMontoya71 11 points 6 days ago I'm Gen X and fighting for your generation to prosper...i know what hard times are, and I know our system is dead broke, but change from the bottom up takes generations...its too bad we are letting this moment slip through our fingers.  I plan to isolate in a few years, and help my local community as much as possible, outside of that, the rot in the cities will be too much and unreversible. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -13 points 6 days ago 🤣 It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 5 points 6 days ago The economic collapse of the millennial generation, and by extent, gen z, has been predicted eerily accurately, for over 20 years. And 0% of the blame lies on millennials or gen z... Millennials were children when it began, and gen z weren't even born. Everything that is happening now was accurately predicted in every single major publication in the early 00's-10's. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief 0 points 6 days ago So they aren’t entitled? Their economic situation caused by Biden’s inflation and waste wasn’t 100% reversed in 9 months so now they just give up? We can never improve things with this level of retardation and entitlement. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Goozmania 16 points 6 days ago Notice the median age of first time home ownership is following the line of the oldest millennials. So it looks like millennials are just as impacted; probably worse, since they'll all be elderly before anything could get better. The median age of the first-time home buyer is now 40; the oldest millennials are 44. The median age went up every year for the past several years, following the age of millennials lol. permalink parent award report block reply Foreign_Aid_is_Theft 8 points 6 days ago Its not just H1-B either. After forty years, we are now competing with full fledged citizens of H1-Bs. They took more than just immediate job opportunities. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 6 points 6 days ago use the Force, Donard... and by the force, we mean the nuclear option. and by nuclear option, we mean military tribunals for the politicians, guantanomo for antifa, rioters, protesters who interfere with ice, etc, immediate deportations of all illegals, immediate revokation of foreign work and student visas, 1000% tariffs on all offshore labor, and violent election integrity measures. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago LMAO. Fucking Q-tard's gotta Q-tard 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 4 points 6 days ago Israel, Iran and Ukraine and Venezuela. At least those first 3 there was some plausible excuse that he inherited conflicts from past administration. No such cover for Venezuela. Flimsy cover for Iran and its becoming obvious that Ukraine is now 'his' war and not Biden's as he kept claiming at the beginning. he keeps spouting off about how well the stock market is doing while most people know that a) most of the population has barely anything in the stock market b) once you take out inflation and the very obvious AI bubble, the stock market is doing quite poorly On topic of war, it cannot be understated how utterly indefensible from the moral stand point, US support of Israel is. Everyone knows this is a genocide and this moral debt isn't going away - Israel is going to be a cursed nation for decades after this, if it lasts that long. Finally - there is also a growing awareness that payback from the left is coming. GOP does not have the balls to hold and wield the power they have but they did manage to cross some lines and open the gates to stuff that the commies will exploit without a second thought. The left is beginning to recover from the loss of 2024 and I bet that already and ever-more over the next 3 years people will grow fearful of being with the conservatives once that push back begins. And by the way: the greatest crime by the government that has ever been perpetrated, COVID scam followed by the vaccine scam - so everyone who pushed that shit, profited from that they are scot-free. There is not even a murmur of a rumor of any accountability coming on that. Its been swept under the rug and now sits like a giant boulder - a pink one with a sign of 'look at the the corruption which we are not touching' Money printing hasn't stopped either. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -1 points 6 days ago How exactly was it a “genocide”.  If you are gonna make retarded claims then prove them. permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 5 points 6 days ago They spent months blocking all aid including food from being delivered to a besieged city full of civilians and even now are stopping much of the aid. Preventing such basic supplies from being sent to a city = starving civilian population = genocide. Simple as. You need proof on something that literally no one on the planet is disputing, including Israel themselves, go google it. For
Try 'Israel says it will allow food to enter Gaza', maybe that will help you catch up to what the rest of the world has known for over half they year now. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -3 points 6 days ago OK Mohamed. Last press conference I saw a couple of weeks ago was an Israeli military spokesman proving they have delivered thousands of tons of aid and showing the video of all the trucks and staging infrastructure required by Israel to do it. As well as video after video of the trucks being highjacked and stolen by your friends. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Appeal2Heaven98 20 points 6 days ago 27-year-old here. Spot on. I'm running out of hopium. I've said many times that based on how things go, 2026 might be the last time I vote. It's growing more obvious to me that, as a conservative white male who is Gen Z, my vote and opinion don't matter anymore. I'm shifting my focus to the local level and to what I can do. permalink parent award report block reply MemphisMontoya71 11 points 6 days ago I'm Gen X and fighting for your generation to prosper...i know what hard times are, and I know our system is dead broke, but change from the bottom up takes generations...its too bad we are letting this moment slip through our fingers.  I plan to isolate in a few years, and help my local community as much as possible, outside of that, the rot in the cities will be too much and unreversible. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -13 points 6 days ago 🤣 It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 5 points 6 days ago The economic collapse of the millennial generation, and by extent, gen z, has been predicted eerily accurately, for over 20 years. And 0% of the blame lies on millennials or gen z... Millennials were children when it began, and gen z weren't even born. Everything that is happening now was accurately predicted in every single major publication in the early 00's-10's. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief 0 points 6 days ago So they aren’t entitled? Their economic situation caused by Biden’s inflation and waste wasn’t 100% reversed in 9 months so now they just give up? We can never improve things with this level of retardation and entitlement. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MemphisMontoya71 11 points 6 days ago I'm Gen X and fighting for your generation to prosper...i know what hard times are, and I know our system is dead broke, but change from the bottom up takes generations...its too bad we are letting this moment slip through our fingers.  I plan to isolate in a few years, and help my local community as much as possible, outside of that, the rot in the cities will be too much and unreversible. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -13 points 6 days ago 🤣 It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 5 points 6 days ago The economic collapse of the millennial generation, and by extent, gen z, has been predicted eerily accurately, for over 20 years. And 0% of the blame lies on millennials or gen z... Millennials were children when it began, and gen z weren't even born. Everything that is happening now was accurately predicted in every single major publication in the early 00's-10's. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief 0 points 6 days ago So they aren’t entitled? Their economic situation caused by Biden’s inflation and waste wasn’t 100% reversed in 9 months so now they just give up? We can never improve things with this level of retardation and entitlement. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Goozmania 5 points 6 days ago The economic collapse of the millennial generation, and by extent, gen z, has been predicted eerily accurately, for over 20 years. And 0% of the blame lies on millennials or gen z... Millennials were children when it began, and gen z weren't even born. Everything that is happening now was accurately predicted in every single major publication in the early 00's-10's. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief 0 points 6 days ago So they aren’t entitled? Their economic situation caused by Biden’s inflation and waste wasn’t 100% reversed in 9 months so now they just give up? We can never improve things with this level of retardation and entitlement. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Comntrinchief 0 points 6 days ago So they aren’t entitled? Their economic situation caused by Biden’s inflation and waste wasn’t 100% reversed in 9 months so now they just give up? We can never improve things with this level of retardation and entitlement. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Goozmania 16 points 6 days ago Notice the median age of first time home ownership is following the line of the oldest millennials. So it looks like millennials are just as impacted; probably worse, since they'll all be elderly before anything could get better. The median age of the first-time home buyer is now 40; the oldest millennials are 44. The median age went up every year for the past several years, following the age of millennials lol. permalink parent award report block reply
Foreign_Aid_is_Theft 8 points 6 days ago Its not just H1-B either. After forty years, we are now competing with full fledged citizens of H1-Bs. They took more than just immediate job opportunities. permalink parent award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 6 points 6 days ago use the Force, Donard... and by the force, we mean the nuclear option. and by nuclear option, we mean military tribunals for the politicians, guantanomo for antifa, rioters, protesters who interfere with ice, etc, immediate deportations of all illegals, immediate revokation of foreign work and student visas, 1000% tariffs on all offshore labor, and violent election integrity measures. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago LMAO. Fucking Q-tard's gotta Q-tard 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 6 days ago LMAO. Fucking Q-tard's gotta Q-tard 🤣🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 4 points 6 days ago Israel, Iran and Ukraine and Venezuela. At least those first 3 there was some plausible excuse that he inherited conflicts from past administration. No such cover for Venezuela. Flimsy cover for Iran and its becoming obvious that Ukraine is now 'his' war and not Biden's as he kept claiming at the beginning. he keeps spouting off about how well the stock market is doing while most people know that a) most of the population has barely anything in the stock market b) once you take out inflation and the very obvious AI bubble, the stock market is doing quite poorly On topic of war, it cannot be understated how utterly indefensible from the moral stand point, US support of Israel is. Everyone knows this is a genocide and this moral debt isn't going away - Israel is going to be a cursed nation for decades after this, if it lasts that long. Finally - there is also a growing awareness that payback from the left is coming. GOP does not have the balls to hold and wield the power they have but they did manage to cross some lines and open the gates to stuff that the commies will exploit without a second thought. The left is beginning to recover from the loss of 2024 and I bet that already and ever-more over the next 3 years people will grow fearful of being with the conservatives once that push back begins. And by the way: the greatest crime by the government that has ever been perpetrated, COVID scam followed by the vaccine scam - so everyone who pushed that shit, profited from that they are scot-free. There is not even a murmur of a rumor of any accountability coming on that. Its been swept under the rug and now sits like a giant boulder - a pink one with a sign of 'look at the the corruption which we are not touching' Money printing hasn't stopped either. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -1 points 6 days ago How exactly was it a “genocide”.  If you are gonna make retarded claims then prove them. permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 5 points 6 days ago They spent months blocking all aid including food from being delivered to a besieged city full of civilians and even now are stopping much of the aid. Preventing such basic supplies from being sent to a city = starving civilian population = genocide. Simple as. You need proof on something that literally no one on the planet is disputing, including Israel themselves, go google it. For
Try 'Israel says it will allow food to enter Gaza', maybe that will help you catch up to what the rest of the world has known for over half they year now. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -3 points 6 days ago OK Mohamed. Last press conference I saw a couple of weeks ago was an Israeli military spokesman proving they have delivered thousands of tons of aid and showing the video of all the trucks and staging infrastructure required by Israel to do it. As well as video after video of the trucks being highjacked and stolen by your friends. permalink parent award report block reply
Comntrinchief -1 points 6 days ago How exactly was it a “genocide”.  If you are gonna make retarded claims then prove them. permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 5 points 6 days ago They spent months blocking all aid including food from being delivered to a besieged city full of civilians and even now are stopping much of the aid. Preventing such basic supplies from being sent to a city = starving civilian population = genocide. Simple as. You need proof on something that literally no one on the planet is disputing, including Israel themselves, go google it. For
Try 'Israel says it will allow food to enter Gaza', maybe that will help you catch up to what the rest of the world has known for over half they year now. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -3 points 6 days ago OK Mohamed. Last press conference I saw a couple of weeks ago was an Israeli military spokesman proving they have delivered thousands of tons of aid and showing the video of all the trucks and staging infrastructure required by Israel to do it. As well as video after video of the trucks being highjacked and stolen by your friends. permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 5 points 6 days ago They spent months blocking all aid including food from being delivered to a besieged city full of civilians and even now are stopping much of the aid. Preventing such basic supplies from being sent to a city = starving civilian population = genocide. Simple as. You need proof on something that literally no one on the planet is disputing, including Israel themselves, go google it. For
Try 'Israel says it will allow food to enter Gaza', maybe that will help you catch up to what the rest of the world has known for over half they year now. permalink parent award report block reply Comntrinchief -3 points 6 days ago OK Mohamed. Last press conference I saw a couple of weeks ago was an Israeli military spokesman proving they have delivered thousands of tons of aid and showing the video of all the trucks and staging infrastructure required by Israel to do it. As well as video after video of the trucks being highjacked and stolen by your friends. permalink parent award report block reply
Comntrinchief -3 points 6 days ago OK Mohamed. Last press conference I saw a couple of weeks ago was an Israeli military spokesman proving they have delivered thousands of tons of aid and showing the video of all the trucks and staging infrastructure required by Israel to do it. As well as video after video of the trucks being highjacked and stolen by your friends. permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestZoomer 23 points 6 days ago He isnt deporting enough, he isnt arresting enough, he clearly isnt willing to use the force necessary to restore this country. And he constantly acts like a fucking shield for the tiny hat people. Those are my biggest gripes. permalink award report block reply RowardHoark 5 points 6 days ago This ^ from what I hear, they want him to ignore the courts and crush the left. They want someone extremely far right in charge, GEOTUS isn’t doing enough to destroy the enemy. We know congress has no balls, so Trump has to be the one moving the needle permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 7 points 6 days ago The courts lost legitimacy along time ago, his loyalty is to the constitution and the people permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Look at the retarded faggot who doesn't want to notice that Trump is deporting more in 2025 than Eisenhower did in Operation Wetback's 1.5 years of existence. Ike only deported 300,000. Trump is going to deport over 2 million for 2025. Retarded faggots like you aren't including voluntary deportations where illegals leave on their own because fear of being deported by ICE. permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 5 points 6 days ago Trump didn't deport 2 million.  They left on their own, and it's a number that's been pulled out of thin air with nothing to back it up.  As far as hard numbers, they've only hit a couple hundred thousand. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 3 points 6 days ago I am including those you retard. And who said anything about illegals? I want the legal ones gone too. and even if he gets them ALL, the moment democrats get in we will be right back here. He needs to get ALL of them, and undo the hart cellar immigration act all together. You want to sit there and eat shit and be happy about the sprinkles on it, thats fine. But youre still a shit eater permalink parent award report block reply
RowardHoark 5 points 6 days ago This ^ from what I hear, they want him to ignore the courts and crush the left. They want someone extremely far right in charge, GEOTUS isn’t doing enough to destroy the enemy. We know congress has no balls, so Trump has to be the one moving the needle permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 7 points 6 days ago The courts lost legitimacy along time ago, his loyalty is to the constitution and the people permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestZoomer 7 points 6 days ago The courts lost legitimacy along time ago, his loyalty is to the constitution and the people permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Look at the retarded faggot who doesn't want to notice that Trump is deporting more in 2025 than Eisenhower did in Operation Wetback's 1.5 years of existence. Ike only deported 300,000. Trump is going to deport over 2 million for 2025. Retarded faggots like you aren't including voluntary deportations where illegals leave on their own because fear of being deported by ICE. permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 5 points 6 days ago Trump didn't deport 2 million.  They left on their own, and it's a number that's been pulled out of thin air with nothing to back it up.  As far as hard numbers, they've only hit a couple hundred thousand. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestZoomer 3 points 6 days ago I am including those you retard. And who said anything about illegals? I want the legal ones gone too. and even if he gets them ALL, the moment democrats get in we will be right back here. He needs to get ALL of them, and undo the hart cellar immigration act all together. You want to sit there and eat shit and be happy about the sprinkles on it, thats fine. But youre still a shit eater permalink parent award report block reply
stagolee 5 points 6 days ago Trump didn't deport 2 million.  They left on their own, and it's a number that's been pulled out of thin air with nothing to back it up.  As far as hard numbers, they've only hit a couple hundred thousand. permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestZoomer 3 points 6 days ago I am including those you retard. And who said anything about illegals? I want the legal ones gone too. and even if he gets them ALL, the moment democrats get in we will be right back here. He needs to get ALL of them, and undo the hart cellar immigration act all together. You want to sit there and eat shit and be happy about the sprinkles on it, thats fine. But youre still a shit eater permalink parent award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 20 points 6 days ago Most likely has much more to do with the fact that they still don't have jobs, still don't own homes, still don't have families, etc. Trump was never going to MAGA, his job was to get the government out of the way so that the people of this country could MAGA permalink award report block reply Pickles76 1 points 5 days ago Very difficult to MAGA.  Rigged elections. Until that is fixed, corruption will continue to spread.  Look at NYC, prime example.  Until we remove the commies from our gov and institutions, they’ll keep breeding retards who “vote”.  Until they remove all illegals and ALL Anti-America “legals” and citizens, they will continue to control schools, courts, media etc.  MAGA is being attacked on so many levels, if you’re young and just starting out in life and you’re surrounded by retards, pedos, traitors, Muslims, Jews, illegals, Indians, a cost of living so high you can’t save and pay the ridiculous rent and cost of living, you’re outlook on life is not positive at all. And if you’re a white male, you are discriminated against.  Hard to get a job!  And if you’re young and your only hope is the one thing you have that you think makes a difference (your vote) and you use it and your guy wins yet nothing has directly changed in your personal life, yeah, your approval will be pretty low.  I can’t blame this generation for feeling that way.  And, they murdered Charlie, he was a major beacon for the younger generations. Mine too (gen X). permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -11 points 6 days ago This. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold their hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. permalink parent award report block reply newdaynewname9 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Pickles76 1 points 5 days ago Very difficult to MAGA.  Rigged elections. Until that is fixed, corruption will continue to spread.  Look at NYC, prime example.  Until we remove the commies from our gov and institutions, they’ll keep breeding retards who “vote”.  Until they remove all illegals and ALL Anti-America “legals” and citizens, they will continue to control schools, courts, media etc.  MAGA is being attacked on so many levels, if you’re young and just starting out in life and you’re surrounded by retards, pedos, traitors, Muslims, Jews, illegals, Indians, a cost of living so high you can’t save and pay the ridiculous rent and cost of living, you’re outlook on life is not positive at all. And if you’re a white male, you are discriminated against.  Hard to get a job!  And if you’re young and your only hope is the one thing you have that you think makes a difference (your vote) and you use it and your guy wins yet nothing has directly changed in your personal life, yeah, your approval will be pretty low.  I can’t blame this generation for feeling that way.  And, they murdered Charlie, he was a major beacon for the younger generations. Mine too (gen X). permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -11 points 6 days ago This. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold their hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. permalink parent award report block reply
newdaynewname9 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 12 points 6 days ago Enemy action trying to split the Maga coalition. Or just another blowhard fool. permalink award report block reply Goozmania 15 points 6 days ago He's not MAGA. He talked up Kamala all throughout October 2024, and admitted to Tucker that he didn't vote for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Lots of blackpillers here who suck Nick's chode are so fucking pathetic and lazy to go buy their own homes without government helping them out that I really do think that they want Trump to come and fuck their wives in order to get pregnant. That's the same fucking equivalent analogy of them demanding Trump to help them with paychecks and buying a home 🤣. They want the feds to come here and give them free or cheap homes but they don't want to apply for Section 8 housing because of optics. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 5 points 6 days ago It's hard to deny though; I bought my place not so many years ago.  If I would have been doing that today, the same place is now selling for ~3x what I paid, interest rates are higher, and so, even with the combined income would not have qualified. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 6 days ago Yup...I'm Gen X and have had 4 homes. Bought my 1st when I was 21. Trump not working on MAGA is a flat out LIE...Tarriffs, the largest investment dollars in history, closed border, protecting cities, STILL doing trade deals. It's as if an administration can do more than one thing at a time. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 15 points 6 days ago He's not MAGA. He talked up Kamala all throughout October 2024, and admitted to Tucker that he didn't vote for Trump. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Lots of blackpillers here who suck Nick's chode are so fucking pathetic and lazy to go buy their own homes without government helping them out that I really do think that they want Trump to come and fuck their wives in order to get pregnant. That's the same fucking equivalent analogy of them demanding Trump to help them with paychecks and buying a home 🤣. They want the feds to come here and give them free or cheap homes but they don't want to apply for Section 8 housing because of optics. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 5 points 6 days ago It's hard to deny though; I bought my place not so many years ago.  If I would have been doing that today, the same place is now selling for ~3x what I paid, interest rates are higher, and so, even with the combined income would not have qualified. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 6 days ago Yup...I'm Gen X and have had 4 homes. Bought my 1st when I was 21. Trump not working on MAGA is a flat out LIE...Tarriffs, the largest investment dollars in history, closed border, protecting cities, STILL doing trade deals. It's as if an administration can do more than one thing at a time. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 5 points 6 days ago It's hard to deny though; I bought my place not so many years ago.  If I would have been doing that today, the same place is now selling for ~3x what I paid, interest rates are higher, and so, even with the combined income would not have qualified. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 6 days ago Yup...I'm Gen X and have had 4 homes. Bought my 1st when I was 21. Trump not working on MAGA is a flat out LIE...Tarriffs, the largest investment dollars in history, closed border, protecting cities, STILL doing trade deals. It's as if an administration can do more than one thing at a time. permalink parent award report block reply
CrispyCracker2 11 points 6 days ago He's right. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 9 points 6 days ago All Trump has really done is bomb a few places.  No help on his domestic affordability issues that young men care about.  No arrests of note either. permalink award report block reply possibletower -9 points 6 days ago LMAO. Awww, the retarded faggot speaks. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply red_holiday2 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -9 points 6 days ago LMAO. Awww, the retarded faggot speaks. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply red_holiday2 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
red_holiday2 -1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
ChinchillaCapitalism 9 points 6 days ago It's because we're losing our populist edge. Trump is getting pics of him snapped at Great Gatsby parties while the economy is slow to recover from the Biden regime and we've had no grand domestic victories. We've only stopped the bleeding, not healed the wound. Trump's always won on being the outsider, but now we're starting to be perceived as "elitist allies" because the image isn't being maintained. Not to mention the left is churning out ideas. All of them are retarded and will fail, but it's something for their death cult base to rally around. What is our side's big policy push going into 2026? That's the question we need to answer. permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 5 points 6 days ago Trump and Melania - and Tiffany with her husband - dining at the Royal Great Hall and being toasted by King Charles didn’t help either.  And the huge stink the democrats are making about the new Ball Room that is being built at the White House. Even though it is not costing the American people any money, it’s not a good look right now when many Americans can’t afford to pay their mortgage, much less build a new deck in their yard. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Most of those photos were photos from Hollywood parties like a Lady Gaga party with the girls in large martini glasses photos. Lots of X fags were spamming their favorite singers' extravagant parties on X and lying and claiming that that was at Mar a Lago. You retards keep believing whatever X retards post. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. Also, OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 3 points 6 days ago Nobody expects trump to buy their home for them.  But maybe he could keep banks from buying all the inventory and driving up prices.  They don't want free health care, but maybe he could stop the handouts to Pharma companies.  They don't need welfare, but perhaps Trump could stop importing Pajeets who take our jobs. You can sit there and talk tough all you want, but then you're going to lose because it is in fact the president's job to address the issues that matter to America.  It's called being America First. permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 5 points 6 days ago Trump and Melania - and Tiffany with her husband - dining at the Royal Great Hall and being toasted by King Charles didn’t help either.  And the huge stink the democrats are making about the new Ball Room that is being built at the White House. Even though it is not costing the American people any money, it’s not a good look right now when many Americans can’t afford to pay their mortgage, much less build a new deck in their yard. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 6 days ago Most of those photos were photos from Hollywood parties like a Lady Gaga party with the girls in large martini glasses photos. Lots of X fags were spamming their favorite singers' extravagant parties on X and lying and claiming that that was at Mar a Lago. You retards keep believing whatever X retards post. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. Also, OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 3 points 6 days ago Nobody expects trump to buy their home for them.  But maybe he could keep banks from buying all the inventory and driving up prices.  They don't want free health care, but maybe he could stop the handouts to Pharma companies.  They don't need welfare, but perhaps Trump could stop importing Pajeets who take our jobs. You can sit there and talk tough all you want, but then you're going to lose because it is in fact the president's job to address the issues that matter to America.  It's called being America First. permalink parent award report block reply
stagolee 3 points 6 days ago Nobody expects trump to buy their home for them.  But maybe he could keep banks from buying all the inventory and driving up prices.  They don't want free health care, but maybe he could stop the handouts to Pharma companies.  They don't need welfare, but perhaps Trump could stop importing Pajeets who take our jobs. You can sit there and talk tough all you want, but then you're going to lose because it is in fact the president's job to address the issues that matter to America.  It's called being America First. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 8 points 6 days ago Calling us idiots didn’t help or dining Gates and Zuckerberg. permalink award report block reply
giggitybooped 7 points 6 days ago Epstein was a mark against him, groceries and life in general isn't much if at all cheaper than under Biden. Gas is up in our area, food, insurance, etc. people losing their jobs to AI or India offshore resources. Etc... I like Trump but there's still a lot to be negative about from the last admin that hasn't improved much for a lot of people permalink award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 7 points 6 days ago Make America FIRST Again! permalink award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago Trump is making America first again. Nick Fuentes is Nazi Germany/USSR first. You should call out Nick for simping for Stalin the other day on Cucker Carlson. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -3 points 6 days ago Trump is making America first again. Nick Fuentes is Nazi Germany/USSR first. You should call out Nick for simping for Stalin the other day on Cucker Carlson. permalink parent award report block reply
tylersfarley 6 points 6 days ago Fuck this guy. Have you noticed these highly controversial types suddenly come to the surface during critical times? Always distracting MAGA messaging with dumb ass side quests. Fuentes, Kanye, Candace, Tucker. They all pop up at the worst time and throw us off track. Nothing they talk about gets us any votes. Dump this loser, Fuentes, he's a paid agent. Also, his argument doesn't even make sense. Trump just told Israel to stop the war. permalink award report block reply Metalheads4Trump 6 points 6 days ago Excellent post. I do not follow influencers, I do not follow “news”, I only trust God and Trump. If you cannot trust Trump by now you’re just being fake. We’ve been through this so many times now. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 0 points 6 days ago This is why the loss of Charlie Kirk was huge. Nobody else can replace him. Look how pathetic TPUSA is now. Lots of high school and college students signed up to start TPUSA chapters and we all see how poorly that is going just 2 months later. They are back looking at their smartphones while listening to K-pop. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -4 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Metalheads4Trump 6 points 6 days ago Excellent post. I do not follow influencers, I do not follow “news”, I only trust God and Trump. If you cannot trust Trump by now you’re just being fake. We’ve been through this so many times now. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 0 points 6 days ago This is why the loss of Charlie Kirk was huge. Nobody else can replace him. Look how pathetic TPUSA is now. Lots of high school and college students signed up to start TPUSA chapters and we all see how poorly that is going just 2 months later. They are back looking at their smartphones while listening to K-pop. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -4 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots here want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant.  Anti-Trump Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it themselves🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 6 points 6 days ago Not tackling the domestic issues permalink award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago This is not true. Deportation,  Crime in cities, economic deals.... Trump can walk and chew gum at the same time. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 5 days ago I get it.  But most of his visible and public work has been on the international front.  Which is important.  But in the minds of millennial and genz is probably not what they are going to vote on. He needs to ensure that the people who are trying to get the economic ship sailing in the right direction are using every media platform - long form and short form - to broadcast the achievements of this presidency and the economic plans as well. permalink parent award report block reply
farfiman 0 points 6 days ago This is not true. Deportation,  Crime in cities, economic deals.... Trump can walk and chew gum at the same time. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 5 days ago I get it.  But most of his visible and public work has been on the international front.  Which is important.  But in the minds of millennial and genz is probably not what they are going to vote on. He needs to ensure that the people who are trying to get the economic ship sailing in the right direction are using every media platform - long form and short form - to broadcast the achievements of this presidency and the economic plans as well. permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 1 points 5 days ago I get it.  But most of his visible and public work has been on the international front.  Which is important.  But in the minds of millennial and genz is probably not what they are going to vote on. He needs to ensure that the people who are trying to get the economic ship sailing in the right direction are using every media platform - long form and short form - to broadcast the achievements of this presidency and the economic plans as well. permalink parent award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 5 points 6 days ago I support the Trump administration but lately pretty much since the Epstein debacle, I’ve been questioning a lot of things they’ve been doing. That said, still infinitely better than any other administration would have been. permalink award report block reply possibletower -4 points 6 days ago Cope. I could give a fuck about Epstein because Trump is the only president other than Clinton to have anything to do with Epstein and I don't want Epstein bullshit to fuck up Trump's final term. Why the fuck do you want another witch hunt DOJ/FBI investigation to look over Trump's involvement with Epstein? The Bushes, Obama, and Biden have NOTHING whatsoever to do with Epstein other than W Bush giving a slap on the wrist prison sentence to Epstein. If there is a new DOJ/FBI investigation over Epstein they will only investigate Trump, you dumbfuck. There are zero photos of the Bushes/Obama/Biden with Epstein. No receipts of them meeting him at all. permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 4 points 6 days ago Why are you talking about Obama/Biden/Bush as if that's the only thing that matters?  Those 3 were just tools of the blob.  We want the blob itself to go down, and that's what you'll find in the Epstein files.  We don't even care if there's an "investigation".  We want transparency.  They have hours and hours of video of powerful people, and all we have to do is expose them to take away their power and influence.  No need for a bullshit investigation at all.  Just a little truth is all we're asking for, but instead we're attacked and name called for wanting to go after the worst possible people on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -4 points 6 days ago Cope. I could give a fuck about Epstein because Trump is the only president other than Clinton to have anything to do with Epstein and I don't want Epstein bullshit to fuck up Trump's final term. Why the fuck do you want another witch hunt DOJ/FBI investigation to look over Trump's involvement with Epstein? The Bushes, Obama, and Biden have NOTHING whatsoever to do with Epstein other than W Bush giving a slap on the wrist prison sentence to Epstein. If there is a new DOJ/FBI investigation over Epstein they will only investigate Trump, you dumbfuck. There are zero photos of the Bushes/Obama/Biden with Epstein. No receipts of them meeting him at all. permalink parent award report block reply stagolee 4 points 6 days ago Why are you talking about Obama/Biden/Bush as if that's the only thing that matters?  Those 3 were just tools of the blob.  We want the blob itself to go down, and that's what you'll find in the Epstein files.  We don't even care if there's an "investigation".  We want transparency.  They have hours and hours of video of powerful people, and all we have to do is expose them to take away their power and influence.  No need for a bullshit investigation at all.  Just a little truth is all we're asking for, but instead we're attacked and name called for wanting to go after the worst possible people on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply
stagolee 4 points 6 days ago Why are you talking about Obama/Biden/Bush as if that's the only thing that matters?  Those 3 were just tools of the blob.  We want the blob itself to go down, and that's what you'll find in the Epstein files.  We don't even care if there's an "investigation".  We want transparency.  They have hours and hours of video of powerful people, and all we have to do is expose them to take away their power and influence.  No need for a bullshit investigation at all.  Just a little truth is all we're asking for, but instead we're attacked and name called for wanting to go after the worst possible people on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 4 points 6 days ago Trump cannot gain any traction with MAGA agenda. Judges and democrats and congress and the house don't want to play ball so it makes it near impossible. permalink award report block reply
1inchgroup 4 points 6 days ago Nick is trying to squeeze into a space he sees as his after Charlie was murdered.  He don't deserve it....should get back in the closet and beat it to Stalin some more. permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 6 days ago His masturbation comment about Stalin was one of the most disgusting shit I've ever heard. He must have finally learned about Hitler and Stalin being butt buddies for the first 2 years of WWII and now thinks Stalin is "based" and now blames "DAH JOOOZ" for separating Hitler and Stalin and starting to fight each other in 1941. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -1 points 6 days ago His masturbation comment about Stalin was one of the most disgusting shit I've ever heard. He must have finally learned about Hitler and Stalin being butt buddies for the first 2 years of WWII and now thinks Stalin is "based" and now blames "DAH JOOOZ" for separating Hitler and Stalin and starting to fight each other in 1941. permalink parent award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 4 points 6 days ago I will say this as many times as necessary; Trump is not far enough right and not America First enough. People are sick of watching our tax dollars go to support Israel and every damn thing else except the American people. They are sick of watching our tech sector and other critical industries be overrun with pajeets. We are living in Weimar America at this point, and eventually something is going to give. permalink award report block reply
LePEDES 3 points 6 days ago Is our country already dead and we don’t even know it?? permalink award report block reply
Mungo 3 points 6 days ago Bullshit permalink award report block reply
HoganT 3 points 6 days ago Someone brings up a clear hole in our support structure cracking/having cracked. The response? Same as always. FuCk ThAt GuY, ShUt HiM uP!!!!! permalink award report block reply possibletower -2 points 6 days ago Except Nick is a huge cocksucker of Stalin and Hitler and is Nazi Germany/USSR First. He is definitely not America First. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 2 points 6 days ago Nah, you’re not triggered at all. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -2 points 6 days ago Except Nick is a huge cocksucker of Stalin and Hitler and is Nazi Germany/USSR First. He is definitely not America First. It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 2 points 6 days ago Nah, you’re not triggered at all. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 2 points 6 days ago Nah, you’re not triggered at all. permalink parent award report block reply
josiborg 3 points 6 days ago MIGA permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 3 points 6 days ago It was promised to be America first, but once again we have been duped. permalink award report block reply
GontMawr 2 points 5 days ago You mean the geeneration that expects and wants everything now, now, now...are losing faith in Trump because he has been in office a year and done nothing? (in their eyes). They look for headlines and move on with thier next ADHD project. permalink award report block reply
HumphreyPlowjogger 2 points 6 days ago They are waiting on justice to prevail over the Obama and FJB years as are the rest of us. permalink award report block reply
starjello 2 points 6 days ago Trump seems to be ignoring their plight and they are recognizing that. Now watch a fag from the gay awankening (catsjive) down vote truth. permalink award report block reply
Jimmy33 2 points 6 days ago WTF is this negative shit? Single young females are captured by Democrats, they’ll follow the men soon away from the dark side. permalink award report block reply
Don-O-Mite 2 points 6 days ago yup. people are not getting shit done and many of us would like some replacements that will actually get to work. permalink award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 1 points 6 days ago Try telling them they're lazy doomers,  ooh OOOH I know tell them how much more important it is that israel is protected than any of their problems being dealt with. permalink award report block reply
squishles 1 points 6 days ago He's been letting aipac run silly, but it feels like the fuentes crowd's in a race with em to see who can stab him in the back first. permalink award report block reply
MtnMover444 1 points 6 days ago 🇮🇱 permalink award report block reply
farfiman 0 points 6 days ago You believe that giant asshole ? permalink award report block reply
Comntrinchief -2 points 6 days ago Sure. Young people that most likely don’t pay taxes care about a few billion being sent to Israel to fight Islamists, our mortal enemy, while we have taken in over $1.5 TRILLION in tariff money. Makes perfect sense 🤣🤣🤣 permalink award report block reply
Goozmania -2 points 6 days ago It has nothing to do with Israel... That's a cope... It has to do with nothing getting better. Israel is not directly responsible for nothing getting better here. Trump does multiple things at once, and hasn't flooded Israel with cash. The lack of legislation + the fact that inflation is a one-way street is responsible. People really thought "Vote Trump" = "Prices come down"; that's not possible... permalink award report block reply JoePlumber 6 points 6 days ago What if I was to tell you they are the same issue? permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 6 days ago I would call you retarded. Luckily you're not telling me that. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 2 points 6 days ago Israel controls nearly every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber -1 points 6 days ago Idk what any of this means. Israel controls every politician in Congress sans ~3-5. They don't control Trump but he sympathizes with them extensively and clearly does prioritize them. My life is just fine and I make enough money for me and my family to live comfortably so I'm not complaining out of selfishness just calling things like I see them. Israel controls every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 3 points 6 days ago Kinda true. Kinda not. Israel sure does have a habit of elbowing their way to the front of the line. permalink parent award report block reply newdaynewname9 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 6 points 6 days ago What if I was to tell you they are the same issue? permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 6 days ago I would call you retarded. Luckily you're not telling me that. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 2 points 6 days ago Israel controls nearly every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber -1 points 6 days ago Idk what any of this means. Israel controls every politician in Congress sans ~3-5. They don't control Trump but he sympathizes with them extensively and clearly does prioritize them. My life is just fine and I make enough money for me and my family to live comfortably so I'm not complaining out of selfishness just calling things like I see them. Israel controls every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 3 points 6 days ago I would call you retarded. Luckily you're not telling me that. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 2 points 6 days ago Israel controls nearly every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 2 points 6 days ago Israel controls nearly every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -3 points 6 days ago It is not the POTUS' responsibility for your home purchases unless you want Section 8 housing with welfare people. OP and other faggots like you want Trump to hold your hands and do everything for them including fucking their wife so she can get pregnant. Just say it already: you want Trump to fuck your wives so she can get pregnant because all of you Gen Z faggots are too pathetic to do it yourselves 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber -1 points 6 days ago Idk what any of this means. Israel controls every politician in Congress sans ~3-5. They don't control Trump but he sympathizes with them extensively and clearly does prioritize them. My life is just fine and I make enough money for me and my family to live comfortably so I'm not complaining out of selfishness just calling things like I see them. Israel controls every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber -1 points 6 days ago Idk what any of this means. Israel controls every politician in Congress sans ~3-5. They don't control Trump but he sympathizes with them extensively and clearly does prioritize them. My life is just fine and I make enough money for me and my family to live comfortably so I'm not complaining out of selfishness just calling things like I see them. Israel controls every facet of our government and if you can't admit that then that's that. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 3 points 6 days ago Kinda true. Kinda not. Israel sure does have a habit of elbowing their way to the front of the line. permalink parent award report block reply
newdaynewname9 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -3 points 6 days ago fwentess the aging faggggggg 🤓 i laughed, he’s obsolete, old-world twitter. permalink award report block reply
ManWhoMakesTheMusic 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply