1600 DJT is not happy with SCOTUS. They're about to nuke the country. SAVE AMERICA posted 3 days ago by DCSucks 465 comments award share download report block
465 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Grows Back in A Few Days! At Any Stage of Baldness HaloGrow Wexit-Delecto 361 points 3 days ago At the risk of sounding like a broken record: maybe it’s time to deal with the judges caught up in foreign-run pedo blackmail schemes? Or are we still pretending Epstein trafficked underage girls to himself and Prince Andrew and to no one else? permalink award report block reply MasterChief 111 points 3 days ago Epstein who? permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 169 points 3 days ago I think we need to know more about the night of Justice Scalia’s death. Therein lies the secret of how they’re compromising the judges sitting on the Supreme Court of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 41 points 3 days ago The movie plot just needs funding from Podesta. Here's an odd map that shows where Scalia is about to die. No we won't investigate his death when a pillow is found over Scalia's head.  Totally natural. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 43 points 3 days ago Cremated that night! No autopsy! The deep state probably held off on doing shit like that for fear of public outcry, then when there was none it was like they realized they had license to do anything. But why Scalia? Why then? Why hasn’t even one judge like him been appointed since? permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... togtfo 0 points 3 days ago The movie plot already has funding.  You're watching it, but you think it's real. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... IForgotToAddAnEmail 23 points 3 days ago There's plenty to focus on at home. But Syria next okay, Israel said so. Maybe even Iran again. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 16 points 3 days ago Stop trade with all countries. If that is his only power so be it. The USA goes hermit and the rest of the world suffers. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Deportthemall23 2 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Sgt_Hulka 11 points 3 days ago They probably video taped it and show it to each SCOTUS member before a big vote. Roberts doesn’t need to see it.  He was compromised long ago, and most likely visited the island. permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 5 points 3 days ago it’s garden variety wet work. nothing complicated about it. permalink parent award report block reply 6iggu56icku5 4 points 3 days ago The "wet works" at the ranch? permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... LatitudeofMind 8 points 3 days ago He’s a creep! You’re still talking about that guy? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 4 points 3 days ago The REAL Question is:: WHY is Trump, THE PRESIDENT, Officially 1/3rd of the U.S. Government, going an begging Permission from SCOTUS??? He Doesn't NEED their Permission, one Entire Third of the FEDERAL CORPORATION is his to Control as he sees fit, both SCOTUS AND CONGRESS BE DAMNED..... permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 3 days ago EpSTINE! permalink parent award report block reply 0illuminated1 1 points 3 days ago Never heard of hin. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 3 days ago Why are you still talking about epstein? It's boring stuff permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 8 points 3 days ago Far be it from me to gatekeep but methinks you are on the wrong website if you think the Epstein situation is merely boring. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago He's just repeating what Trump himself said. Are you a disinfo agent? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ParadigmShift2070 1 points 3 days ago That's what trump said about epstein, have you been living under a rock? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ReallyGayMods 3 points 3 days ago What do you find entertaining if the government kidnapping and selling kids is boring? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 3 days ago I dunno, why don't you go ask Trump, he's the one who dismissed epstein topics permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... load 2 more comments... MastaJoda 58 points 3 days ago "YOU'RE STILL TALKING ABOUT EPSTIEN!?" -DJT permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 37 points 3 days ago GET MAD ABOUT STUFF I REFUSE TO ADDRESS! RAAWR! Also you are a "former supporter" if you think blackmailed politicians are a problem. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia -3 points 3 days ago Yeah. Don’t bite the hand. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago We're not being fed by that hand, because we aren't getting government benefits. permalink parent award report block reply MAGARondonmonson 14 points 3 days ago Ignore the SC if they say you have no right. Who created a BOARD FULL OF Dems and libs to rule against a Presidency? The Deep State. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Ignoring is the wrong move. Hang them. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 12 points 3 days ago Don't forget Jean Luc Brunel who we can talk about since he also died by hanging in a French jail cell. It's also interesting that Kevin Spacey used to party with Epstein a lot, and he's had some issues with suits involving fucking underage boys. I'm sure that's just a coincidence, though. Then there's the whole thing about Melinda Gate divorcing Bill due to his involvement with Epstein. I'm sure Melinda was just mad that he was swimming in the Caribbean, though. It's almost like it's, "Epstein only trafficked to himself.. Except that one time.. Well, two times.. Okay, maybe more than twice.." permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 3 days ago You might get called a muslim by someone with a great enthusiasm for Israel over that post. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 7 points 3 days ago The retarded thing about those types of people is that I'm pretty sure those people also think Hollywood is filled with pedophiles and probably also think that there's a lot of politicians that are pedophiles, and that's the two crowds that pedophile Epstein flew to his island, had at his New York brownstone, and at his ranch - but they drew the line at the girls Epstein trafficked to those places. And I mean certifiably retarded. I'm not even being hyperbolic. If your IQ is so low that you think that a bunch of pedophiles partying with each other and it's not a very well kept secret that they're all pedophiles, I'm pretty sure there's pedophile shit going on. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago I think somebody wrote something that's pertinent here: "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." Hopefully everyone here recognizes the source? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 2 points 3 days ago They don’t believe it they just hope we will. permalink parent award report block reply CBing 8 points 3 days ago Epstein is just a Democrat hoax, member? permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 3 days ago One that no one at all has any interest in uncovering, exposing and holding the people committing this "hoax" against a sitting President, accountable. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Hopefully you're being sarcastic? permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 3 days ago Do you see anyone trying to expose the Epstein thing as being a hoax? Or do you see it being called a hoax so that no one has to look into it? permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... load 28 more comments... McFatty7 149 points 3 days ago If tariffs are so bad, and tariffs are propagandized as a "tax", then why do other countries put tariffs on us? Both our so-called "allies" and those who openly hate us, put tariffs on us. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 49 points 3 days ago Our allies tariff our products off their shelves ffs! I find an American goodies store every once in a while in Germany and they want €20 ($25) for a box of cereal ffs. Levi jeans are over €150 ($180) a pair!! permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 3 days ago Euros are over $1 per €? EU should tariff USD. also I’m retarded permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 -2 points 3 days ago Meet your hero Jussie Smollett to hang together permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 3 points 3 days ago Because our grandparents handed over the country to lawyers and it’s been a retarded race to the bottom ever since permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 24 points 3 days ago And, if they say that a tariff is a tax and thus not allowed, then why do they allow Obamacare under the guise of it being a tax? permalink parent award report block reply DaayTerkErJerbs 24 points 3 days ago Buddy.. they use semantics to play heads i win tails u lose. Everywhere all the time permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 3 days ago See: Nixon Watergate scandal vs spygate scandal permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago While true, it's hard to claim tariffs aren't a form of tax. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 0 points 3 days ago Please avoid the overly use of antisemantics. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 3 days ago Because it was passed by Congress. This is just being done by trump. Thats the logic permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago But Obamacare can only be considered a tax because everyone is required to buy health insurance. Trump can tariff milk from Canada but there is no law requiring everyone to buy milk from Canada. Therefore, not a tax permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you, I was just telling you what their gay logic is permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Honest question cause I don't know the answer - did Obamacare get passed through congress? permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Bush/Cheney lost congress so bad Obama faced opposition from his own party on this and it still passed. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago Blackmail and extortion in the us congress mostly. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 days ago The initial ACA act did pass through normal legislative processes with a 60 senator filibuster proof vote in the Senate. However, there were subsequent revisions to the bill that Democrats shoehorned in through the reconciliation process, and these were controversial. They played semantic games making certain provisions related to spending in revenue when they clearly weren’t. There was also the cornhusker kickback and provisions around student loans that were included for some reason. Also, you should go research how the Democrats got their filibuster proof majority. Senator Weldon, a republican, was defeated in his reelection because the FBI raided his home and created a scandal that turned out to be nothing. sound familiar? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oh I'll be the first to point out that scummy weaponization of government should be punished to the utmost. I also hate when folks mince words. I do think that the ACA has merits and I did not know the history of funky revisions - I wonder would it be possible for the republicans to include revisions to it as a possible win/win? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Canadiapede7 7 points 3 days ago Can’t even find good American products in Canada and I live on the fucking border. I literally have to go to the res to get American products because Canada is so anti American. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Well yeah; when the trade war began and Canada had tariffs jacked up a lot of Canadian companies chose to no longer carry US products; Canada has generally not done much in the way of retaliation as a government these days. I also don't agree with the standing tariffs Canada DOES have on the agricultural sector to protect Quebec; but thats a whole other story. The US tariffs have actually done a lot of harm to Canada however as companies went to the bigger market to produce their goods since they could no longer benefit from cheaper operating costs in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 3 days ago Democrats are allowed to Tariff permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Yet we even have people here who regurgitate MSM nonsense that "there's no cogent strategy behind Trump tariff policy." They should be ashamed to admit being so stupid. permalink parent award report block reply load 26 more comments... awsure 104 points 3 days ago key precedent is J.W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United States (1928), in which the Supreme Court upheld a provision of the Tariff Act of 1922 that allowed the President to adjust tariff rates to equalize production costs between domestic and foreign industries, finding it did not constitute an unconstitutional delegation of legislative power because it included such an intelligible principle. Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 allows the President to impose tariffs on imports that threaten national security, following an investigation by the Department of Commerce. President Trump used this authority in 2018 to impose steel and aluminum tariffs.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 authorizes the President to respond to unfair foreign trade practices with retaliatory measures, including tariffs.
The Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act of 1934 marked a significant shift by allowing the President to negotiate tariff reductions within congressionally approved limits, beginning with President Franklin D. Roosevelt. permalink award report block reply Emodius 49 points 3 days ago Get your ass to the Supreme Court immediately and straighten this out permalink parent award report block reply ScamBlondie 31 points 3 days ago Our courts don’t go off precedents, they go off feels aka orange man bad permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 19 points 3 days ago Certainly since the 00's you're right.  But reading supreme court rulings from the 1800s and first half of the 1900s is incredible, how much work they did to follow previous rulings, while being as narrow as possible. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -4 points 3 days ago The idea of "Judicial Precedent" is stupid anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You're getting downvoted but it really is stupid because it used today to legislate from the bench. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 16 points 3 days ago Once again I learned more in the comment section, for free, than all the "books" online and commentators frothing about whatever the news of the day is. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago ;) Even after being brigaded non-stop by every form of bad actor imagine able, this place still rocks!! permalink parent award report block reply throwawayStudent 4 points 3 days ago allowing the President to negotiate tariff reductions within congressionally approved limits So yeah.... permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Theres a second branch in there that folks kind of overlook. permalink parent award report block reply Squentin 3 points 3 days ago Unfortunately, the administration's lawyers aren't making that case.  They are sandbagging this. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... ModernKnight 73 points 3 days ago If that's the case, just block all trade with a bunch of nations until they give you everything you want. permalink award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 57 points 3 days ago He can't. The Judiciary rules this nation, not this elected President. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 39 points 3 days ago This is the inevitable result when a civilization hands power to lawyers for two generations. They are the scum of the earth permalink parent award report block reply CanadianTrump2 4 points 3 days ago Banks and lawyers
I wonder who was targeted by 1930’s germany History is rhyming again permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago It's naive to think that started that recently. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 3 days ago I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 3 days ago BAR. British Association Royal.  The Crown creepingly regained control of America.  Yes, actually, every lawyer is guilty of treason. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Don Henley: "kill all the lawyers, kill 'em tonight." permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 17 points 3 days ago lol Hawaiian judge has his prewitten injunction ready to go if Trump dares use his power to end tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago Let’s not forget a DOJ that’s helping him lose battles. No arrests just yack yack yack about investigations that will produce nothing because they’re in on it. Trump is alone and unfortunately when he’s gone the swamp will pick up where they left off. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 3 days ago Actually he can block all trade. Which is stupid. He can block it all but can't tariff it? permalink parent award report block reply 24601 10 points 3 days ago The problem: NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. permalink parent award report block reply fluffykitten 19 points 3 days ago that's not true, we still make gay retards and trannies in the USA permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 3 days ago And if you look at the state of the country you’ll see that they are incredibly expensive. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago YOU GOT A MONOPOLY ON THOSE! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 3 days ago Facts! permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs and easy bank credit for small loans and you get yourself an import replacement boom. permalink parent award report block reply Mellop 1 points 3 days ago NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. Not quite, but 80 percent of the economy is service sector, in other words, producing nothing. What little remains of actually productive economy is also completely tied up in multinational supply chains. Americans should have kept making their own steel...and picking their own cotton, but that's a different story. Now the Dollar is backed by all the economic might of a thriving banking sector, Facebook and various corporations that produce actual, tangible products somewhere else. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Not even close to true, but we're nowhere near being self sufficient. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 2 points 3 days ago Bingo permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 3 days ago You need liberal judges permissions girsy... anytime a corrupt system is i terfered with democrat liberal judges come pouring out of the woodwork permalink parent award report block reply RedCapNation 49 points 3 days ago It’s gonna take men and guns to fix the countries problems. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 3 points 3 days ago You’re right! permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards -1 points 3 days ago Or strategy and skill. permalink parent award report block reply cptkloss5 49 points 3 days ago wait - did they block Trump on tariffs? permalink award report block reply Zhongda 58 points 3 days ago Not officially but very highly expected. permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 45 points 3 days ago There's been a few fake news reports that the Supreme Court "appears skeptical of the Tariff Authorities", which were designed to influence the Supreme Court. It's similar to that fake Ronald Reagan ad that was paid by the Ontario government. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp 27 points 3 days ago It's because we listened to the arguments in front of the Supreme Court and their questions.  It does not look good based on their questions that revolved around tariffs being taxes. Bannon's war room streamed it. permalink parent award report block reply Mcrumples 14 points 3 days ago It sucks because they seem more worried about the "how can congress take this power back" in the future. They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. Which is wild. They're overreaching, trying to rule on a hypothetical instead of focusing on the actual problem here. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. It's the non-delegation doctrine and they've upheld it before, in Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan . The Supreme Court is going to of course give extra scrutiny because the President can just veto any attempt of a new Congress to revoke this, which violates their authority as given in the Constitution. Both reasons are Constitutionally valid and are not "overreaching." permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... lixa 1 points 3 days ago Some looked bad some good. It was a mix as far as I read the q and a. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 10 points 3 days ago Well if Trump knows they're ruling against him, the reports weren't fake. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 3 points 3 days ago It's not fake news. I listened to arguments and ACB is guaranteed to go leftist and all they need is one other. Gorsuch and Roberts were particularly harsh against Trump lawyer too. Not looking good. Gorsuch is USUALLY reliable here. The argument is they think Congress should have the power not President. permalink parent award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 1 points 3 days ago The Federal District Court and Appellate Court both ruled against Trump, saying he does not have the authority for all the tariffs he set. The case was over certain tariffs - particularly the base tariff rates on everything and wvery country - and the ruling found that Trump lacked authority for all those tariffs. Both courts stayed their ruling on appeal. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief -14 points 3 days ago WAit??? COuld yOU nOT tELL??? thROugH hiS pOsT? permalink parent award report block reply CDean 46 points 3 days ago Stop all trade then. That'll work even faster. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 33 points 3 days ago Time to start chucking BMWs into the harbor. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 9 points 3 days ago Or scuttling temu container fleets. Could you imagine the outcry for the poor bmw salesman and the building owners... it will be like the budlight thing, hans offers 5% off and in a week its back to normal. permalink parent award report block reply Cyer6 6 points 3 days ago Yes. Switch tactics. Close borders, revoke VISA's, implement regulations and use other tools at your disposal. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainTrouble 2 points 3 days ago Exactly. Literally ban all trade if SCOTUS rules against him. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 31 points 3 days ago I think they rule for Trump still. This court loves tradition. And all tradition on tariffs is that they are a separate legal entity from direct taxation. In Britain, it was called “tonnage and poundage” and it was something parliament granted the king upon ascension. Since it was considered a “foreign” or external power, dealing with other countries. They extremely rarely did not give it to the king, and those times, they actively denied him. They did not sue in court, they passed legislation saying “the king can’t do this”. That has not happened here. The US Congress already did delegate this power to the executive, under the same reasoning (that it deals with diplomacy and foreign countries). permalink award report block reply Papabravo12 13 points 3 days ago Thanks, have to scroll a long way to see a little explanation on this. It’s so weird that we’re 250 years old as a country and yet there’s still things that are a little unclear and left to interpretation by courts and cuck judges permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 8 points 3 days ago The thing is, people used to be reasonable to not sue over every little thing that is clearly laid out in law or the constitution. The culture now is to sue over anything and hope some favorable judge gives you everything. permalink parent award report block reply Papabravo12 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, that is the issue. The constitution and nation was founded under the idea that people would be somewhat self responsible, and that Christianity would keep people in line for the most part so every little specific thing wouldn’t need to be put into law permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 2 points 3 days ago . The US Congress already did delegate this power to the executive Yes, and part of the problem is that for a future Congress to rescind it would require a veto-proof majority to reclaim a power that is exclusively theirs.  This will not stand, they will overturn it. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago This is the issue I'm seeing, the US Constitution gives Congress the power of everything related, without ever using the word "tariff." permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Of course a future Congress will need a veto proof majority, that's how that works. Just like to get past the filibuster, you need a huge majority. Just like to make amendments, you need a supermajority. They love to rely on these things when it's in their favor, but when it comes to stripping the executive of power that could help this country they want to do that ASAP. permalink parent award report block reply N14205ST205 1 points 3 days ago I hope you're right. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 28 points 3 days ago If this happens, Quick fix: Pack the fucking Supreme Court with 5 MAGA patriots. permalink award report block reply UndercoverSpez 38 points 3 days ago Has Trump ever put a MAGA judge on? permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 33 points 3 days ago No.
Deepstate neocon shitheads, yes. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 2 points 3 days ago Thats maga now. permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 13 points 3 days ago A pretender one? Has anything been truly MAGA yet? We got Fox Interviews, Non shut down buildings, Pretty sure Depart of Education is still around? Taxes are still around while Tariffs are also up (yay more money for Gubbermint). Bombing other Nations that have supposedly had nuclear weapons for the past 3 decades. Not sure why we waiting 3 decades but we did, so important. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago 24 was about not going to jail, concessions were made... permalink parent award report block reply ThatsDoable 10 points 3 days ago Trump always picks deepstate traitors for most of his positions for some strange reason. It's almost like it's all political theater permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 9 points 3 days ago Was the first sign of danger when he chose a Woman with a black son? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Well, people certainly pointed to that as a reason why she shouldn't be trusted. Moderates tried to hand wave it away, but they've been more right than wrong. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 2 points 3 days ago Gorsuch is the closest entity permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Listening to the oral arguments it seems even he is not on board with Trumps tariffs. This will come down to Gorsuch and Roberts both siding FOR tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply AlohaSnackbar 7 points 3 days ago 10 MAGA patriots.  Even though Thomas and Alito are mostly really good, there can be no doubt that they would likely side with the leftist cunts out of misplaced loyalty/principle in protest of the court packing. So why take the chance? Fill it with some genuine "go fuck yourself" -types who will vote the right way and justify their decisions with a "because I fuckin said so, biatch". permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 6 points 3 days ago Who are these maga patriots? trump already endorsed paul ryan, mitch mcconnell, lindsey graham, Amy barrett, alex acosta, ted cruz, bill barr, marco rubio. Lets hope the sc simply maintains for three years while trump 2: semetic boogaloo plays out. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 4 points 3 days ago They will never get confirmed unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago If Miriam picks them they will. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust 3 points 3 days ago I always believed randomly chosen old accounts on this site would do better than any other hand picked rec trump gets. permalink parent award report block reply rockaustin 2 points 3 days ago Every one of them ends up turning on us. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... Yignuced 25 points 3 days ago Presidents have been using tariffs for decades.  When did anybody complain before? permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 35 points 3 days ago Because he's using them to benefit America instead of hurt it. permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc 4 points 3 days ago Benefits the US gov't, not us. But irrelevant, the only reason they complain is because he does it. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 6 points 3 days ago Protecting American industry and jobs protests ALL OF US numbnuts permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago *protects permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc -1 points 3 days ago I feel so protected. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Treefiddydiddy 13 points 3 days ago orange man bad permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 11 points 3 days ago It's (D)ifferent because it's "Trump". permalink parent award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 3 points 3 days ago Presidents have limited authority to increase tariffs, as delegated by Congress in various laws: Certain goods explicitly outlined by Congress, particularly steel and aluminum When negotiating for an end to unfair and disruptive trade practices National security While some tariffs, particularly one targeting China, can be justified under the first two bullets, the broad tariffs on every country can only be justified on national security grounds, and that claim is extremely weak. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago This needs more upvotes. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago Because Trump is doing it. permalink parent award report block reply load 11 more comments... OG_BACONndEGGs 16 points 3 days ago If they do cancel all trade then permalink award report block reply FRONT_TOWARD_LEFT 16 points 3 days ago Impeach Roberts.  His failure to properly oversee the FISA court is an open-and-shut case. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 16 points 3 days ago No, YOU, DONALD TRUMP, can't tariff other countries. It's perfectly fine for other presidents to do it. Especially democrats. Just not you because YOU ARE LITERALLY HITLER. permalink award report block reply rightoverthere 15 points 3 days ago he needs to let congress make the eo into law. otherwise next dem admin says "climate emergency" threat to nation!! and bans gas cars or something extreme. trade defecit going on for 50 years isn't an emergency. fentenyl could be seen as emergency but why use emergency to add tariffs from eu/canada etc. no business will setup shop, build a plant, factory if tariffs can be imposed / lifted whenever the wind changes. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 10 points 3 days ago Let Congress?? Like they would do anything when the have the chance, they have the chance already permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere -6 points 3 days ago thats how it needs to be. they are directly answerable to and closest representitives to the public and elected every 2 years for that reason. tariffs are taxes. no matter how brainwashed people are the foreign country does not pay tariffs to sell to us. the consumer pays increased prices due to tariffs and the government gets income based on that. thats a tax and needs to be originated in the house. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs, aka federal consumption tax . permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean...Trumps own advocate admitted infront of SCOTUS the majority of the tariff is paid by the American consumer. Its something I am starting to hate about the admin is the intentional obfuscation of the truth because they know that no one will call them on it...just look at your downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust -1 points 3 days ago You not smart permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 7 points 3 days ago LET???????? LET???????? THEY COULDVE CODIFY THIS SHIT INTO LAW LOOOONG AGO. THATS THEIR JOB. HE CANT MAKE THEM DO IT. THEY HAVE TO WANT TO DO IT. BUT THEY DONT!!!! permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 3 days ago then he needs to address them instead of supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 4 points 3 days ago Have you seen them do anything? permalink parent award report block reply PapaPepe 1 points 3 days ago Who even needs a next admin? Some federal judge can just ban cars permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 3 days ago truthjusticetruth 2 points 3 days ago Not a tax. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Executarian2 13 points 3 days ago I listened to the arguments. It’s bad. Probably 6-3 against Trump. Gorsuch in particular seems keen on striking down a LOT of Trump’s authority. He seems annoyed with Trump in general. Lots of talk about the non-delegation clause which is basically saying that Congress has given the President too much power, so expect a lot of cases soon to be about that. permalink award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 2 points 3 days ago Also the fact that Congress needs a veto-proof majority to remove their own legislative power; this essentially binds a new Congress (which is supposed to own that authority.) This has not withstood scrutiny before, either. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 11 points 3 days ago He has a point. He can embargo, he can issue licenses, he can put in quotas, but he can’t put in tariffs? Make it make sense permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 5 points 3 days ago $0 fee quota: 1 permitted per year $400 fee per item quota: 1 million permitted per year Hmm, maybe a work around? permalink parent award report block reply Emanresu99 5 points 3 days ago License to sell fix amount of items. Price of license is same as tarrif when split per unit. permalink parent award report block reply CaliAli 10 points 3 days ago Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln knew how to handle the Supreme Court. permalink award report block reply Cuntgoblin 10 points 3 days ago Maybe arrest Chief Justice John Roberts for being a raging pedophile? permalink award report block reply magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago evidence not support that is him @ epstein island. He WAS In eastern Europe colluding w/ known deep state color revolutionist while he was ambassador AND Roberts is in charge of FISA courts that committed a MOUNTAIN Of civil right violations against Trump & millions of Americans permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago What about Clarence Thomas and his multiple paid for by friends trip to the bohemian grove? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago Yup, you just removed all doubt that you're a leftist. Attacking Thomas? Nah, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago I’m not a leftist. I have moral consistency. Did he or did he not attend multiple bohemian grove gatherings? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You are a leftist, and you should be shunned as one, bitch boy. I see the seeds you intend to sow, and I see you for what you are. Pretend all you like. permalink parent award report block reply Fromseatoshinningsea 9 points 3 days ago Roberts & SC lied about Barry Care. He twisted the definition of a tax across all states. Barry Care logically qualified as a violation but Roberts lied. And that was a key component to Barry & WEF NWO cartel killing the US. Roberts is ready to do the same again. If PDJT uses the Epstein leverage the intelligence community will Butler / Charlie Kirk him. He and us are in a squeeze. permalink award report block reply ScamBlondie 9 points 3 days ago Tariffs are a tax, but Obamacare isn’t a tax 🥴 permalink award report block reply Redpillrambo 9 points 3 days ago Now he gets to negotiate all or nothing. Either we get fair trade and no tariff, or you simply dont do business here anymore. permalink award report block reply sorrytodisagree 8 points 3 days ago The supreme court was fine with presidents using tariffs for the first 250 years of our nation.  Until Trump came along... permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago Someone has no idea of actual tariff history. You. permalink parent award report block reply Overtaxed 8 points 3 days ago This is a small preview of what the left will do if they're able to pack the courts. permalink award report block reply UndercoverSpez 8 points 3 days ago It’s pretty much over for Trump if he loses his tariff power. It’s all he’s got lol permalink award report block reply happyfave 2 points 3 days ago Even the NYT says tariffs will continue regardless of the decision.  There are other ways to tariff permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 1 points 3 days ago I’m Sure the GOP congress will pass them lol. permalink parent award report block reply couranto 7 points 3 days ago The solicitor arguing to the court was terrible. permalink award report block reply JanOctSept 6 points 3 days ago I am not cool with judicial tyranny at the hands of a collective of disparate judges who routinely release violent criminals into our communities, sacrificing human lives to satisfy their sense of self-righteousness. permalink award report block reply magaMC117 -2 points 3 days ago This time they are correct, Trump exceeded his powers ... Trump SUCKS at being a politician, FFS he not even purge the RNC much less the GOP permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 6 points 3 days ago even if they lose the SC decision in December it doesnt matter much, 90% of the tariffs will be re-implemented within 24 hours using different laws permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 6 points 3 days ago There certainly are laws that grant the President the power to use Tariffs that were given to the office by Congress.. I sure hope they spell this out to the SCOTUS because the President signing an EO to block all trade with numerous countries which is in his power would be a far worse sledgehammer than tariffs.. permalink award report block reply DCSucks OP 6 points 3 days ago https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/115519951705472870 permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 5 points 3 days ago The SC is going to do whatever gives more power to the deep state. Administrative tyranny. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 5 points 3 days ago Too many dumbo’s on the Supreme Court. They should call it what it really is. The Mediocre Court. permalink award report block reply blue5707 5 points 3 days ago Roberts is what the hell is going on permalink award report block reply RiolindasReturn 5 points 3 days ago He apparently still believes these people want what’s best for this country. permalink award report block reply HoganT -1 points 3 days ago The constitution doesn’t say, “Just do whatever you think is best for the country”. It gave the power to tax to Congress. permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 2 points 3 days ago The comment from awsure above explains it via section 232. He does have the right due to national security and unfair practices permalink parent award report block reply Beat_to_Quarters 5 points 3 days ago Remember when tariffs were supposed to tank the economy? permalink award report block reply throttlejohnson 5 points 3 days ago stop all trade from the countries we cannot tariff...there fixed it permalink award report block reply JoePlumber 3 points 3 days ago If he can license then he simply makes the tariffs a condition of licensing. It's more annoying but has the same effect. permalink award report block reply Waco419 3 points 3 days ago The Executive has co-equal authority (with the other branches) to interpret the Constitution. Trump needs to get off his knees. permalink award report block reply magaMC117 2 points 3 days ago they are NOT Equal, Judicial is actually the weakest permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago And SCOTUS wasn't created to interpret the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 3 points 3 days ago 🇺🇸 Tariff Authority in the U.S. Government
Congressional Power: Under the Tariff Act of 1789, Congress holds the constitutional authority to impose tariffs. States have no role in tariff policy. Executive Role: Initially limited to collecting tariffs, the Executive Branch gained negotiating power through the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act of 1934, allowing the President to lower tariffs via trade deals. Negotiation Power: If the President can negotiate trade agreements, he effectively holds negotiating authority in foreign trade. Judicial Limits: The Supreme Court does not have the power to negotiate with foreign nations. 🛡️ National Security and Tariffs
Trade Expansion Act of 1962 – Section 232: Allows the President to raise tariffs if imports threaten national security. Trump (2018): Used Section 232 to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum. Biden: Continued some of these measures. Public Concern: A $37 trillion national debt is argued by some to be a national security threat due to rising interest costs. ⚖️ Legal Bottom Line
The President cannot unilaterally raise tariffs unless Congress delegates that authority. Delegated powers include Section 232 (national security) and Section 301 (unfair trade practices). permalink award report block reply MorningFrost 7 points 3 days ago The bottom line is that congress has Delegated powers include Section 232 (national security) and Section 301 (unfair trade practices). The Supreme Court is questioning National Security, and they do not get National Security briefings so they have nothing to say about the matter. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 3 points 3 days ago This is all Law-fare, even Biden was tariffing aluminum this gets brought up now after all this time is only because Orange man bad. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 3 days ago Uninhabited islands of penguins pose national security threats? Nah, son. We just tried to claim deficits are emergencies, when they’re not. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago Don't call me son bitch.! permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago And Jack that is not a deficit that is a debt. Know the difference weasel. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago The formula for how the administration came up with those numbers to justify supposedly “reciprocal tariffs” was literally: (US trade deficit with a country / US imports from that country) / 2 Not debt. And definitely, unequivocally, not tariffs, as was claimed. Just facts, son. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... Hikedelics 3 points 3 days ago Let’s suppose they rule against him, but he says fuck it and keeps them in place any way. Then what? permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 3 points 3 days ago Yeah really Biden did it multiple times with student loan forgiveness they said he couldn't do it he did it anyway multiple times. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago DJT has never done any such thing. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 3 points 3 days ago Did they rule already? permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 3 points 3 days ago Have they officially ruled? permalink award report block reply Logan051361 3 points 3 days ago Has it happened yet? permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 3 points 3 days ago Trump has done tons of posts on stuff like this where he actually won later. permalink award report block reply NorthTexasPede 3 points 3 days ago Is Trump foreshadowing his backup plan?  Instead of a tariff, it'll be a recurring licensing fee? permalink award report block reply Squentin 3 points 3 days ago I think the DOJ lawyers sandbagged this one.  They should have used section 301 as their argument.  This is st least the second case that the administration lawyers have tanked on him, the other being the fed commissioner case. permalink award report block reply ScoobyDum 3 points 3 days ago Top signal for the markets. Economy bubble about to pop and billions of dollars refunded to all countries that aren’t the US. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 3 points 3 days ago RELEVANT https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5A7vX6/stop-worrying-about-trump-losing/c permalink award report block reply alcowiggles 2 points 3 days ago That post was deleted for whatever reason. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 3 points 3 days ago Well captain obvious, there was a J Robert’s on the list that doesn’t exist. permalink award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 3 points 3 days ago Well, that leaves the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). I guess we will just freeze trade with nations that don't want to trade in good faith. permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago Awesome, let’s skyrocket prices for consumers even more. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Hey Hogan, I'm not sure I entirely agree, its more grey IMO, and we have to do something about this massive debt and inflation we had under the past administration. I assume from past conversations that you're a bit more left leaning than the average user here, which is absolutely fine, but I'm curious as to your logic on the matter. What do you propose we do about these issues, just leave it be? Don't tariff the world that does to us? Do you believe trade has been fair? And do not believe that Trump has done a pretty swell job on negotiating deals abroad? Is everything perfect, not at all, but pretty hard to make much change in 11months with the democratic party stonewalls everything. Is it fair to assume you didn't vote for Trump? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago I 100% voted for Trump. Three times. I don’t believe it’s question it’s a swell job, or even what needs to be done. It’s a question of constitutionality. You see, I’m an originalist, like everyone here claims to be anytime someone tries to do something we don’t like. But I also have integrity and moral consistency. So, I don’t abandon my morals and beliefs when it conflicts with what I DO want. If it’s okay for us to abandon and ignore the constitution to do what we’d like, then it’s okay for the dems to do so. All we had to do was not use the emergency powers act for it, because deficits aren’t emergencies, not flat out lie about why we’re doing it, because none of what was listed on that big chart of nations to justify it were actually tariffs at all, not tariff uninhabited islands, not brag about the revenue were generating, and actually enact a rational tariff policy inside the very real and viable avenues that were legally granted to us. But no, we needed to act like there are no constraints on us, the unitary executive theory is real and not just a new novel idea, and that we can do whatever we want however we want. When we can’t. And now we’re going to get destroyed in the midterms for it and many other things. Congratulations. It’s worked out “swell”. Enjoy the hyperbolic, hyperventilating, desperate truth social posts completely separated from reality. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago You must be young or not spent much time around rural old folks. Swell, when used as an adjective, simply means very well, so no need for quotations. You typically reserve that for single words when the original author did something grammatically incorrect so that you can use it in the original fashion, IMO. Anywho... If you truly are a constitutional fundamentalist, I understand your complaints. But to think nothing needs be done after the past administration ran the debt and inflation to the moon, while allowing the world to fuck us with a roll of quarters, I have trouble relating. Sure, using the IEEPA to impose tariffs is not part of that act (and you're right, that is unconstitutional, but I was kind of pointing out how this can get more extreme), and it does beg the question on why he didn't use Section 301/232. I think the answer is simply speed and simplicity. So let me ask, did you assume doom and gloom earlier this year when the tariffs were big in the news and stocks plummeted, or did you dump your entire margin account into more stocks; I took the latter option and I'm quite pleased. And encase you're wondering, no, I'm not rich, I just invest a portion of my checks so that I maybe able to retire before 120. If you are an originalist, than you probably have many complaints about the past administration; I just can't seem to find them in your message history. I must say, I do agree with you on the rising concern on the right escalating to violence, I've been trying to calm that down for a bit, but if you are on the right, I'm sure you empathize with the anger and why its growing, but still oppose it and that is fine. It does seem like you're a cheerleader for the ACA, something I think was unconstitutional as well, served the special interests of insurance companies, and has ruined premiums and deductables. The extension that came in the Biden years, such as removing the 400% FPL limit, was just asinine. You kind of fail to recognize that the past administration set a precedent, and it would seem the left is willing to do anything to win. If you don't think this is bipartisan issue that followed years of abuse from the left, than I do question your intentions, but if your saying don't become the thing you hate, than I agree. If you have the same complaint about the left, than I get it, you're just one of those hard-ass fundamentalists that thinks a 300 year document is infallible (and I get it). I personally wish it was, and I'd certainly like to see amendments made over just ignoring it, but you gotta realize that we are in troubling times, call it soft cultural conflict that could get worse, and nobody is playing by the rules anymore. Also, highly doubt the right is going to get destroyed in the midterms, have you seen the democratic party polling numbers? They are a wreck, in recent polling of Harris voters, they have no idea who is running the party. If we lose the midterms it will be more election interference BS. If you're truly a constitutional fundamentalist, well we need those, but I also think you maybe a little too idealist for reality. And yes, I'll enjoy my hyperventilating from the comfort of my rural property while you city folk tear each other apart. I'll catch all the action on WPD while eating popcorn. permalink parent award report block reply JuniorMints 3 points 3 days ago The fundamental question regarding when is a Tax Not a Tax was questionably resolved to pass Obama Care. Here it is again with an impact on Tariffs permalink award report block reply Dallasguy 3 points 3 days ago It's clear that President Trump is legally staying in his lane, but it's equally clear that he isn't doing as many things that are within his oversight as are needed. permalink award report block reply lolpaladins 3 points 3 days ago nuclear option. STOP ALL TRADE until the globalists relent. permalink award report block reply hoopinfloyd 2 points 3 days ago Congrats everyone needs a license then at a daily or per product rate permalink award report block reply LessSwampMoreMAGA 2 points 3 days ago Not the first time SCOTUS causes a civil war. permalink award report block reply Nanteen 2 points 3 days ago That's the way they want it. Stop all trade with these countries. Let's see who's begging for tariffs then permalink award report block reply CanadianTrump2 2 points 3 days ago Should have cared about pedophiles trump. Now you gonna struggle in midterms and lose all your power. Sucks permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean at this point Trump has... ...deported more people.
...tariffs.
...fired some folks via DOGE. As far as upside (I am listing tariffs under upside because it got some letters of intention from countries regarding trade and I think a few deals) I mean if those things above are good for you then really keep going; I am disappointed the bad guys are generally all gonna walk and the whole Epstien amnesia bothers me but shrugs permalink parent award report block reply MagaChamp253 2 points 3 days ago It only matter if YOU LISTEN TO THEM. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 3 days ago These seem to be cut of the nose to spite the face times. I guess Trump needs to cut off trade. permalink award report block reply SonofAnu 2 points 3 days ago Just start going to their houses like leftists do and assault them, they don’t care what we say because collectively we never do anything that frightens them. permalink award report block reply MAGA-Fett 2 points 3 days ago Meh. The Justices were skeptical because the law doesn’t have the exact word “tariffs” or “taxes”, yet it does say “regulate”. How the hell else does the government “regulate”? Through punitive actions like taxes. permalink award report block reply Heavens2MAGAtroid 2 points 3 days ago Supreme Court Retards of the United Morons SCROTUM permalink award report block reply Kilroy 2 points 3 days ago The Government is entirely overran with Communist, the Judicial branch is in engaging in an overreach of their lawful authority never imagined by the founders. I've been getting donation request 5 times a day from various Congressmen, telling me they can't fix anything unless I send them some money. Sedation is a felony and it's punishable by execution. DOJ has stated various times anybody engaged in impeding Federal efforts to enforce Federal laws will be prosecuted. The Democrats are openly developing an App to help illegal aliens evade capture. A recently elected democrat has openly admitted to being an illegal alien. As the country devolves slowly into chaos, with isolated instances of open warfare breaking out, Congress hesitates to break tradition and actually do their job. Instead, my representatives spend their time writing me donation request. Who says history doesn't repeat itself? It's almost 1864. Do not despair,  God is in control, he remembers the faithful. I believe he will save this country, in spite itself. permalink award report block reply Chachiex 2 points 3 days ago FOREIGN INFLUENCE permalink award report block reply RealmanPwns 2 points 3 days ago What makes him believe they are going to rule against? I haven't seen anything? permalink award report block reply booga 2 points 3 days ago It does sound like they're going to rule against him, at least based on what has been asked by the supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards 1 points 3 days ago It's a warning shot permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 2 points 3 days ago DJT selected 3/9 of them, and Clarence Thomas and Alito are solid, so the votes should all be there. This all is on Trump one way or another. He needs to stop whining and fix it. permalink award report block reply Urusovite 2 points 3 days ago Yup. Just like he screams about the senate and the filibuster, but he keeps congratulating Thune and all these RINO fags who hold him back. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 3 days ago So fuck em. Call their bluff. 100% shutdown of all goods. Unless they remove their tariffs or agree to whatever. China sure makes all our shit including medicine but a 100% embargo would cause devastation in 30days. permalink award report block reply Chungus53 2 points 3 days ago At this point, just liquidate the judiciary and sort things out. They want to hand the country over to the worst of the far left, and we have no obligation to treat these rotten bastards as legitimate. It's disobey or die. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 2 points 3 days ago That doesn’t sound like normal Trump.  Like an intern wrote it. permalink award report block reply Auserr 1 points 3 days ago And yet he is keeping all of the tariff fees. Look around you, where exactly is the prosperity? permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oncoming bribe. permalink parent award report block reply Tophat9000 1 points 3 days ago Has a ruling come down ? permalink award report block reply Tophat9000 1 points 3 days ago So the reciprocal can be done if he can stop all trade he simply stops all trades with the countries until Congress puts on the tariff he wants permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 3 days ago Globohomo is Trying DESPERATELY to create another Depression and blame Trump for it!  If they use their compromised Supreme Court Justices to INVALIDATE Trump's tariffs, there goes trade deal and any hope of recovery!  We already know they have the Fed, being faggots and keeping interest rates high AF!  Why haven't Roberts and Gorcuk been arrested yet? permalink award report block reply Cville123 1 points 3 days ago Stop all trade unless they voluntarily agree. permalink award report block reply MOLON-LABE 1 points 3 days ago Hold them accountable. permalink award report block reply deleted 1 points 3 days ago deleted 1 points 3 days ago deleted 1 points 3 days ago thxpk 1 points 3 days ago Skeptical questions from scotus didn’t worry me, but his post does because it means he must have some insider knowledge permalink award report block reply Shibbs70 1 points 3 days ago Then CEASE ALL TRADE and see how that goes, for us AND the world. WE SHOULD GO ALL IN, THESE MOTHER FUCKERS!!! permalink award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 1 points 3 days ago Well, it's actually EXACTLY what the founders had in mind. The power to levy taxes rests with Congress.  It's not a debatable point.  It's what the Founders wanted, and hence, is stated explicitly in our Constitution. permalink award report block reply happyfave 0 points 3 days ago Yawn permalink parent award report block reply Smokin11 1 points 3 days ago Let’s make the Supreme Court elected positions. That way the American people can have a say in the real power. /s permalink award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 3 days ago So what's next if they stop him from using them? permalink award report block reply Logan051361 3 points 3 days ago On the business Channel they said he has other methods he could use, but did not say what that was permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 1 points 3 days ago Did the court issue a ruling? permalink award report block reply Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 3 days ago Why doesnt Congress solidify these tariffs??? permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 2 points 3 days ago Because they don't want anything getting done. permalink parent award report block reply Inficant 1 points 3 days ago They said he couldn't use this particular act as the predicate. Not that he couldn't use tariffs. There are other reasons and ways to adjust tariffs. permalink award report block reply thxpk 1 points 3 days ago They havent said anything yet permalink parent award report block reply Inficant 1 points 3 days ago Ah, the article I read was subtly phrased as "if they rule". I thought they had not ruled on it yet. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaRichAgain 1 points 3 days ago Time to ban all trade with all countries permalink award report block reply justnoticingthings 1 points 3 days ago END H-1B FIRST then deal with the minor, bullshit inflation-causing, supply-chain wrecking tariff NONSENSE SECOND!!! FFS?!!  WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING?  AMERICAN LIVES are being destroyed by H-1B invaders!  GET YOUR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT TRUMP! permalink award report block reply PepePinochet 1 points 3 days ago So an "all-or-notning" sort of deal? I guess then we'll have to go with "all" then. permalink award report block reply Emodius 1 points 3 days ago Wait did he lose the case? I thought it wasn't over yet permalink award report block reply lizardo221 1 points 3 days ago You know he is just going to take another route on this. permalink award report block reply Cyberpunkd 1 points 3 days ago Get creative.  Find another way.  Better yet,  just ignore the cucks on SCOTUS like Biden did. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 3 days ago WEF wins again permalink award report block reply TexasBrowncoat 1 points 3 days ago They had sex at Fort Knox with a bunch of Gold Diggers... permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 1 points 3 days ago So stop all trade. permalink award report block reply spinometer2 1 points 3 days ago this would be disastrous permalink award report block reply Rango 1 points 3 days ago Better send more billions to Ukraine. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 3 days ago Wonder if it brings on fiat currency collapse? permalink award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago Impotent old man anger permalink award report block reply mailinvoter -3 points 3 days ago Gay leftard faggotry permalink parent award report block reply magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago Trump is NOT Taking "last chance to save country" voters elected him w/ mandate. permalink parent award report block reply mailinvoter 0 points 3 days ago Oh, so everything Trump has done doesn't mean shit to you because???? If the answer is anything but you fucking losers are just overgrown man babies that expect the world from trump without assisting in any way, then you're living a lie. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 3 days ago orange man bad apparently , let's fuck the country over to get one over him right permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 3 days ago Make them enforce their order.  Andrew Jackson permalink award report block reply Bramage 1 points 3 days ago 47 has GOT to stop listening to biased activist overstepping judges. permalink award report block reply Awakened 0 points 3 days ago So we lost the tariff case. permalink award report block reply DiamondDroid 0 points 3 days ago Won't it be sad if something happened to six of the justices and we get six new scoops of new justices that actually riule on law and not feefees and blackmail. permalink award report block reply Canadiapede7 0 points 3 days ago When the west falls we can blame faggot judges and the people who allowed them to hold the power they have. All forms of Democracy are a sham, not because there are retards (those are easy to deal with) no, it is because all forms of democracy have been completely overrun by judicial fuckery. permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 3 days ago Never hire a woman for a man’s job permalink award report block reply xanax123 -1 points 3 days ago The problem is that Trump started using tariffs in retaliation or to strong arm other countries. Personally I’m fine with this but it hurt his argument that the tariffs were necessary due to an economic emergency. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Aye...thats the thing - had he not been doing the world tour of "you hurt my feelings; have some tariffs" and constantly going on about tariffs making the US rich; he could have made the argument that the function was to deal with trade issues - but even Lutnik told congress I think that even if tomorrow everyone had 0 tariffs on the US that they still would have to pay a tariff. permalink parent award report block reply magaMC117 -1 points 3 days ago 💯
Trump shot himself the face w/ shotgun permalink parent award report block reply Urusovite -1 points 3 days ago Because he's such a pussy and too afraid to play dirty, he is about to lose everything. Oh well. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 -1 points 3 days ago Trump was warned about this long ago. The crux of the argument is that you cannot have the president controlling the countries revenue streams; separation of powers and all that. Otherwise the president would actually have complete control of the government by simply controlling all income and essentially dictate taxes. That's what the framers were afraid of; a king. permalink award report block reply magaMC117 -1 points 3 days ago WRONG, Trump Bigly FUCKED up by using the Tariffs as sanctions e.g. India for buying RU oil, Brazil for illegally imprisoning BR ex prez Jair Bolsonaro, Cand more than once for leverage & others I can't think of now. PRAY SCOTUS not force repayments permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I doubt SCOTUS will require repayments - however some folks might sue to recoup costs. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever -2 points 3 days ago People rooting for them to be shot down will regret it. Because IF the tariffs are reduced or shot down, interest rates will drop and the economy will skyrocket. Trump is right that we have to deal with unfair trade deals, but I wish he'd go about it more gradually as the cost of living is really high right now and that's the #1 issue for most voters. permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago People rooting for them to be shot down will regret it. Because IF the tariffs are reduced or shot down, interest rates will drop and the economy will skyrocket. Briefly, but any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two, so it would be short lived at best. Trump is right that we have to deal with unfair trade deals, but I wish he'd go about it more gradually as the cost of living is really high right now and that's the #1 issue for most voters. We will never have deflation, the COL is never coming back down.  Anyone who thinks that expenses are going to decrease are fools.  Trump has stemmed the bleeding but we will never see negative inflation numbers, nor would Trump want that permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago You say:
any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two However our markets have been wide open for decades, the industries we have left have figured it out and would not be decimated. SOME tariffs are ok but he's going too far too fast. We just got our asses kicked in NJ, VA, etc. A big part is because our side is tone deaf on cost of living. Of course the Dems won't help in this area- they caused most of the problem in the first place- but we'll get crushed in the midterms if we don't wake up. All this foreign policy stuff isn't going to help win over the average voter. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago That's not true there's been tariffs on lots of things like steel.  Trump has increased them.  But those tariffs have existed for a long time permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago Some tariffs do make sense. What I'm saying is Trump has gone too high too fast...if the tariffs were revoked, the economy would soar giving us 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback -3 points 3 days ago Andrew Jackson just ignored the Supreme Court. Trump isn't even 1% the man Andrew Jackson was. permalink award report block reply happyfave 1 points 3 days ago Retarded permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 -3 points 3 days ago It’s all downhill from here folks. The swamp is successfully stopping Trump at every turn because he will not go around corrupt judges. So we will not see any improvement for the rest of the term andnthey will cheat back into power in 2026 and 2028. The country is toast face it. permalink award report block reply DaemonKrog 1 points 3 days ago Shut up, doomer. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago 🖕downvote this permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change -22 points 3 days ago The US Constitution serves as the "law of the land".  Pretty simple.  The Founding Fathers did not want taxation without representation, thus the power to levy taxes was given to the Congress; except under specific circumstances.  Whether or not DJT realizes it, he is advocating against the US Constitution. permalink award report block reply MrJinxy 18 points 3 days ago A tariff is not a tax. A tax is unavoidable by citizen. A tariff is completely avoidable. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 6 points 3 days ago This is key. Please explain this to u/hogant the fucking perennial retard permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago No, it’s the reasoning of a 5 year old. A citizen can avoid a sales tax just the same as a country can avoid a tariff, but just not doing that business. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 5 points 3 days ago The difference is importing from foreign countries, which is an external thing vs sales tax, which an entirely internal tax. Tariffs are meant to protect internal markets from outside forces, sales taxes are solely meant to generate revenue for the state. There is a difference between the two. I don’t think “you can avoid it” is the right answer, but there is a clear difference. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago A tariff is a partial tax. It's also not completely avoidable, because there are many products we can't make here at the present time. Try finding a manufacturer here that makes portable dishwashers for example. permalink parent award report block reply MrJinxy 1 points 2 days ago I have two. On the end of my arms. My choice.  I can’t choose to pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 3 days ago You’re an idiot. You can’t avoid a sales tax by not engaging in that business? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago Except sales tax are on every business, so no you can't avoid it. I can just buy my TV from the Jápš instead of the Chïńkś to avoid the tariff permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago The definition of a tax isn’t “a fee you can’t avoid”. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Beachboy1b 10 points 3 days ago That is 100% false. Congress previously delegated the power to impose tariffs specifically to the President, and the SCOTUS has zero standing to challenge this. The USA has been unfairly targeted for
YEARS, and these tariffs are more than legal. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 6 points 3 days ago A tariff is not a tax.  A tax is a tax.   By that logic every trade deal is a tax.  Whether a tariff is explicitly applied  from our side of the deal or the other, there are costs to doing trade and each side weighs the costs and benefits and makes a deal accordingly.  Should we eliminate all trade?  If that’s where we’re going then let’s just say it and I’ll ride along, but pretending that negotiating deals is a tax is retarded. permalink parent award report block reply Juantinntwo 5 points 3 days ago Our Tariffs are not placed on American products. The founding fathers were not arguing on behalf of foreign representation when we are doing the taxing. Just saying WE won’t be paying shit when we don’t have representation in their government. The FF would have a much bigger problem with one-sided tarriffs than DJT does. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 4 points 3 days ago I have been waiting for justice for 60 years from the US Constitution. Where is it? permalink parent award report block reply Zhongda 4 points 3 days ago I thought the Constitution was for corporations and stock holders to strong arm everyone and everything to make a dollar?  Wait, so you mean it isn't?  Huh.  Learned something new today. /s permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... new_guy2 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply EyesSewnShut 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 361 points 3 days ago At the risk of sounding like a broken record: maybe it’s time to deal with the judges caught up in foreign-run pedo blackmail schemes? Or are we still pretending Epstein trafficked underage girls to himself and Prince Andrew and to no one else? permalink award report block reply MasterChief 111 points 3 days ago Epstein who? permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 169 points 3 days ago I think we need to know more about the night of Justice Scalia’s death. Therein lies the secret of how they’re compromising the judges sitting on the Supreme Court of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 41 points 3 days ago The movie plot just needs funding from Podesta. Here's an odd map that shows where Scalia is about to die. No we won't investigate his death when a pillow is found over Scalia's head.  Totally natural. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 43 points 3 days ago Cremated that night! No autopsy! The deep state probably held off on doing shit like that for fear of public outcry, then when there was none it was like they realized they had license to do anything. But why Scalia? Why then? Why hasn’t even one judge like him been appointed since? permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... togtfo 0 points 3 days ago The movie plot already has funding.  You're watching it, but you think it's real. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... IForgotToAddAnEmail 23 points 3 days ago There's plenty to focus on at home. But Syria next okay, Israel said so. Maybe even Iran again. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 16 points 3 days ago Stop trade with all countries. If that is his only power so be it. The USA goes hermit and the rest of the world suffers. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Deportthemall23 2 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Sgt_Hulka 11 points 3 days ago They probably video taped it and show it to each SCOTUS member before a big vote. Roberts doesn’t need to see it.  He was compromised long ago, and most likely visited the island. permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 5 points 3 days ago it’s garden variety wet work. nothing complicated about it. permalink parent award report block reply 6iggu56icku5 4 points 3 days ago The "wet works" at the ranch? permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... LatitudeofMind 8 points 3 days ago He’s a creep! You’re still talking about that guy? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 4 points 3 days ago The REAL Question is:: WHY is Trump, THE PRESIDENT, Officially 1/3rd of the U.S. Government, going an begging Permission from SCOTUS??? He Doesn't NEED their Permission, one Entire Third of the FEDERAL CORPORATION is his to Control as he sees fit, both SCOTUS AND CONGRESS BE DAMNED..... permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 3 days ago EpSTINE! permalink parent award report block reply 0illuminated1 1 points 3 days ago Never heard of hin. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 3 days ago Why are you still talking about epstein? It's boring stuff permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 8 points 3 days ago Far be it from me to gatekeep but methinks you are on the wrong website if you think the Epstein situation is merely boring. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago He's just repeating what Trump himself said. Are you a disinfo agent? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ParadigmShift2070 1 points 3 days ago That's what trump said about epstein, have you been living under a rock? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ReallyGayMods 3 points 3 days ago What do you find entertaining if the government kidnapping and selling kids is boring? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 3 days ago I dunno, why don't you go ask Trump, he's the one who dismissed epstein topics permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... load 2 more comments... MastaJoda 58 points 3 days ago "YOU'RE STILL TALKING ABOUT EPSTIEN!?" -DJT permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 37 points 3 days ago GET MAD ABOUT STUFF I REFUSE TO ADDRESS! RAAWR! Also you are a "former supporter" if you think blackmailed politicians are a problem. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia -3 points 3 days ago Yeah. Don’t bite the hand. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago We're not being fed by that hand, because we aren't getting government benefits. permalink parent award report block reply MAGARondonmonson 14 points 3 days ago Ignore the SC if they say you have no right. Who created a BOARD FULL OF Dems and libs to rule against a Presidency? The Deep State. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Ignoring is the wrong move. Hang them. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 12 points 3 days ago Don't forget Jean Luc Brunel who we can talk about since he also died by hanging in a French jail cell. It's also interesting that Kevin Spacey used to party with Epstein a lot, and he's had some issues with suits involving fucking underage boys. I'm sure that's just a coincidence, though. Then there's the whole thing about Melinda Gate divorcing Bill due to his involvement with Epstein. I'm sure Melinda was just mad that he was swimming in the Caribbean, though. It's almost like it's, "Epstein only trafficked to himself.. Except that one time.. Well, two times.. Okay, maybe more than twice.." permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 3 days ago You might get called a muslim by someone with a great enthusiasm for Israel over that post. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 7 points 3 days ago The retarded thing about those types of people is that I'm pretty sure those people also think Hollywood is filled with pedophiles and probably also think that there's a lot of politicians that are pedophiles, and that's the two crowds that pedophile Epstein flew to his island, had at his New York brownstone, and at his ranch - but they drew the line at the girls Epstein trafficked to those places. And I mean certifiably retarded. I'm not even being hyperbolic. If your IQ is so low that you think that a bunch of pedophiles partying with each other and it's not a very well kept secret that they're all pedophiles, I'm pretty sure there's pedophile shit going on. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago I think somebody wrote something that's pertinent here: "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." Hopefully everyone here recognizes the source? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 2 points 3 days ago They don’t believe it they just hope we will. permalink parent award report block reply CBing 8 points 3 days ago Epstein is just a Democrat hoax, member? permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 3 days ago One that no one at all has any interest in uncovering, exposing and holding the people committing this "hoax" against a sitting President, accountable. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Hopefully you're being sarcastic? permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 3 days ago Do you see anyone trying to expose the Epstein thing as being a hoax? Or do you see it being called a hoax so that no one has to look into it? permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... load 28 more comments...
MasterChief 111 points 3 days ago Epstein who? permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 169 points 3 days ago I think we need to know more about the night of Justice Scalia’s death. Therein lies the secret of how they’re compromising the judges sitting on the Supreme Court of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 41 points 3 days ago The movie plot just needs funding from Podesta. Here's an odd map that shows where Scalia is about to die. No we won't investigate his death when a pillow is found over Scalia's head.  Totally natural. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 43 points 3 days ago Cremated that night! No autopsy! The deep state probably held off on doing shit like that for fear of public outcry, then when there was none it was like they realized they had license to do anything. But why Scalia? Why then? Why hasn’t even one judge like him been appointed since? permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... togtfo 0 points 3 days ago The movie plot already has funding.  You're watching it, but you think it's real. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... IForgotToAddAnEmail 23 points 3 days ago There's plenty to focus on at home. But Syria next okay, Israel said so. Maybe even Iran again. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 16 points 3 days ago Stop trade with all countries. If that is his only power so be it. The USA goes hermit and the rest of the world suffers. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Deportthemall23 2 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Sgt_Hulka 11 points 3 days ago They probably video taped it and show it to each SCOTUS member before a big vote. Roberts doesn’t need to see it.  He was compromised long ago, and most likely visited the island. permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 5 points 3 days ago it’s garden variety wet work. nothing complicated about it. permalink parent award report block reply 6iggu56icku5 4 points 3 days ago The "wet works" at the ranch? permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... LatitudeofMind 8 points 3 days ago He’s a creep! You’re still talking about that guy? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 4 points 3 days ago The REAL Question is:: WHY is Trump, THE PRESIDENT, Officially 1/3rd of the U.S. Government, going an begging Permission from SCOTUS??? He Doesn't NEED their Permission, one Entire Third of the FEDERAL CORPORATION is his to Control as he sees fit, both SCOTUS AND CONGRESS BE DAMNED..... permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 3 points 3 days ago EpSTINE! permalink parent award report block reply 0illuminated1 1 points 3 days ago Never heard of hin. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 3 days ago Why are you still talking about epstein? It's boring stuff permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 8 points 3 days ago Far be it from me to gatekeep but methinks you are on the wrong website if you think the Epstein situation is merely boring. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago He's just repeating what Trump himself said. Are you a disinfo agent? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ParadigmShift2070 1 points 3 days ago That's what trump said about epstein, have you been living under a rock? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ReallyGayMods 3 points 3 days ago What do you find entertaining if the government kidnapping and selling kids is boring? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 3 days ago I dunno, why don't you go ask Trump, he's the one who dismissed epstein topics permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... load 2 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 169 points 3 days ago I think we need to know more about the night of Justice Scalia’s death. Therein lies the secret of how they’re compromising the judges sitting on the Supreme Court of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply TonsOfSalt 41 points 3 days ago The movie plot just needs funding from Podesta. Here's an odd map that shows where Scalia is about to die. No we won't investigate his death when a pillow is found over Scalia's head.  Totally natural. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 43 points 3 days ago Cremated that night! No autopsy! The deep state probably held off on doing shit like that for fear of public outcry, then when there was none it was like they realized they had license to do anything. But why Scalia? Why then? Why hasn’t even one judge like him been appointed since? permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... togtfo 0 points 3 days ago The movie plot already has funding.  You're watching it, but you think it's real. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... IForgotToAddAnEmail 23 points 3 days ago There's plenty to focus on at home. But Syria next okay, Israel said so. Maybe even Iran again. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 16 points 3 days ago Stop trade with all countries. If that is his only power so be it. The USA goes hermit and the rest of the world suffers. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Deportthemall23 2 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... Sgt_Hulka 11 points 3 days ago They probably video taped it and show it to each SCOTUS member before a big vote. Roberts doesn’t need to see it.  He was compromised long ago, and most likely visited the island. permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 5 points 3 days ago it’s garden variety wet work. nothing complicated about it. permalink parent award report block reply 6iggu56icku5 4 points 3 days ago The "wet works" at the ranch? permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
TonsOfSalt 41 points 3 days ago The movie plot just needs funding from Podesta. Here's an odd map that shows where Scalia is about to die. No we won't investigate his death when a pillow is found over Scalia's head.  Totally natural. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 43 points 3 days ago Cremated that night! No autopsy! The deep state probably held off on doing shit like that for fear of public outcry, then when there was none it was like they realized they had license to do anything. But why Scalia? Why then? Why hasn’t even one judge like him been appointed since? permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... togtfo 0 points 3 days ago The movie plot already has funding.  You're watching it, but you think it's real. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 43 points 3 days ago Cremated that night! No autopsy! The deep state probably held off on doing shit like that for fear of public outcry, then when there was none it was like they realized they had license to do anything. But why Scalia? Why then? Why hasn’t even one judge like him been appointed since? permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
togtfo 0 points 3 days ago The movie plot already has funding.  You're watching it, but you think it's real. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
IForgotToAddAnEmail 23 points 3 days ago There's plenty to focus on at home. But Syria next okay, Israel said so. Maybe even Iran again. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 16 points 3 days ago Stop trade with all countries. If that is his only power so be it. The USA goes hermit and the rest of the world suffers. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Deportthemall23 2 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
The_Return_of_User_x 16 points 3 days ago Stop trade with all countries. If that is his only power so be it. The USA goes hermit and the rest of the world suffers. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Deportthemall23 2 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
Sgt_Hulka 11 points 3 days ago They probably video taped it and show it to each SCOTUS member before a big vote. Roberts doesn’t need to see it.  He was compromised long ago, and most likely visited the island. permalink parent award report block reply
bearhugprolapse 5 points 3 days ago it’s garden variety wet work. nothing complicated about it. permalink parent award report block reply
6iggu56icku5 4 points 3 days ago The "wet works" at the ranch? permalink parent award report block reply
LatitudeofMind 8 points 3 days ago He’s a creep! You’re still talking about that guy? permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 4 points 3 days ago The REAL Question is:: WHY is Trump, THE PRESIDENT, Officially 1/3rd of the U.S. Government, going an begging Permission from SCOTUS??? He Doesn't NEED their Permission, one Entire Third of the FEDERAL CORPORATION is his to Control as he sees fit, both SCOTUS AND CONGRESS BE DAMNED..... permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 4 points 3 days ago The REAL Question is:: WHY is Trump, THE PRESIDENT, Officially 1/3rd of the U.S. Government, going an begging Permission from SCOTUS??? He Doesn't NEED their Permission, one Entire Third of the FEDERAL CORPORATION is his to Control as he sees fit, both SCOTUS AND CONGRESS BE DAMNED..... permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 3 points 3 days ago EpSTINE! permalink parent award report block reply
0illuminated1 1 points 3 days ago Never heard of hin. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 -1 points 3 days ago Why are you still talking about epstein? It's boring stuff permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 8 points 3 days ago Far be it from me to gatekeep but methinks you are on the wrong website if you think the Epstein situation is merely boring. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago He's just repeating what Trump himself said. Are you a disinfo agent? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ParadigmShift2070 1 points 3 days ago That's what trump said about epstein, have you been living under a rock? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... ReallyGayMods 3 points 3 days ago What do you find entertaining if the government kidnapping and selling kids is boring? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 3 days ago I dunno, why don't you go ask Trump, he's the one who dismissed epstein topics permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
bigdickhangsright 8 points 3 days ago Far be it from me to gatekeep but methinks you are on the wrong website if you think the Epstein situation is merely boring. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago He's just repeating what Trump himself said. Are you a disinfo agent? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ParadigmShift2070 1 points 3 days ago That's what trump said about epstein, have you been living under a rock? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago He's just repeating what Trump himself said. Are you a disinfo agent? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ParadigmShift2070 1 points 3 days ago That's what trump said about epstein, have you been living under a rock? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 3 points 3 days ago What do you find entertaining if the government kidnapping and selling kids is boring? permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 3 points 3 days ago I dunno, why don't you go ask Trump, he's the one who dismissed epstein topics permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
ParadigmShift2070 3 points 3 days ago I dunno, why don't you go ask Trump, he's the one who dismissed epstein topics permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
MastaJoda 58 points 3 days ago "YOU'RE STILL TALKING ABOUT EPSTIEN!?" -DJT permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 37 points 3 days ago GET MAD ABOUT STUFF I REFUSE TO ADDRESS! RAAWR! Also you are a "former supporter" if you think blackmailed politicians are a problem. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia -3 points 3 days ago Yeah. Don’t bite the hand. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago We're not being fed by that hand, because we aren't getting government benefits. permalink parent award report block reply
Prussian_Pepe 37 points 3 days ago GET MAD ABOUT STUFF I REFUSE TO ADDRESS! RAAWR! Also you are a "former supporter" if you think blackmailed politicians are a problem. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia -3 points 3 days ago Yeah. Don’t bite the hand. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago We're not being fed by that hand, because we aren't getting government benefits. permalink parent award report block reply
RedCalifornia -3 points 3 days ago Yeah. Don’t bite the hand. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago We're not being fed by that hand, because we aren't getting government benefits. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago We're not being fed by that hand, because we aren't getting government benefits. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGARondonmonson 14 points 3 days ago Ignore the SC if they say you have no right. Who created a BOARD FULL OF Dems and libs to rule against a Presidency? The Deep State. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Ignoring is the wrong move. Hang them. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Ignoring is the wrong move. Hang them. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 12 points 3 days ago Don't forget Jean Luc Brunel who we can talk about since he also died by hanging in a French jail cell. It's also interesting that Kevin Spacey used to party with Epstein a lot, and he's had some issues with suits involving fucking underage boys. I'm sure that's just a coincidence, though. Then there's the whole thing about Melinda Gate divorcing Bill due to his involvement with Epstein. I'm sure Melinda was just mad that he was swimming in the Caribbean, though. It's almost like it's, "Epstein only trafficked to himself.. Except that one time.. Well, two times.. Okay, maybe more than twice.." permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 3 days ago You might get called a muslim by someone with a great enthusiasm for Israel over that post. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 7 points 3 days ago The retarded thing about those types of people is that I'm pretty sure those people also think Hollywood is filled with pedophiles and probably also think that there's a lot of politicians that are pedophiles, and that's the two crowds that pedophile Epstein flew to his island, had at his New York brownstone, and at his ranch - but they drew the line at the girls Epstein trafficked to those places. And I mean certifiably retarded. I'm not even being hyperbolic. If your IQ is so low that you think that a bunch of pedophiles partying with each other and it's not a very well kept secret that they're all pedophiles, I'm pretty sure there's pedophile shit going on. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago I think somebody wrote something that's pertinent here: "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." Hopefully everyone here recognizes the source? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 2 points 3 days ago They don’t believe it they just hope we will. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 7 points 3 days ago You might get called a muslim by someone with a great enthusiasm for Israel over that post. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 7 points 3 days ago The retarded thing about those types of people is that I'm pretty sure those people also think Hollywood is filled with pedophiles and probably also think that there's a lot of politicians that are pedophiles, and that's the two crowds that pedophile Epstein flew to his island, had at his New York brownstone, and at his ranch - but they drew the line at the girls Epstein trafficked to those places. And I mean certifiably retarded. I'm not even being hyperbolic. If your IQ is so low that you think that a bunch of pedophiles partying with each other and it's not a very well kept secret that they're all pedophiles, I'm pretty sure there's pedophile shit going on. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago I think somebody wrote something that's pertinent here: "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." Hopefully everyone here recognizes the source? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 2 points 3 days ago They don’t believe it they just hope we will. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 7 points 3 days ago The retarded thing about those types of people is that I'm pretty sure those people also think Hollywood is filled with pedophiles and probably also think that there's a lot of politicians that are pedophiles, and that's the two crowds that pedophile Epstein flew to his island, had at his New York brownstone, and at his ranch - but they drew the line at the girls Epstein trafficked to those places. And I mean certifiably retarded. I'm not even being hyperbolic. If your IQ is so low that you think that a bunch of pedophiles partying with each other and it's not a very well kept secret that they're all pedophiles, I'm pretty sure there's pedophile shit going on. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago I think somebody wrote something that's pertinent here: "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." Hopefully everyone here recognizes the source? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 2 points 3 days ago They don’t believe it they just hope we will. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 2 points 3 days ago I think somebody wrote something that's pertinent here: "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." Hopefully everyone here recognizes the source? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 2 points 3 days ago They don’t believe it they just hope we will. permalink parent award report block reply
CBing 8 points 3 days ago Epstein is just a Democrat hoax, member? permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 3 days ago One that no one at all has any interest in uncovering, exposing and holding the people committing this "hoax" against a sitting President, accountable. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Hopefully you're being sarcastic? permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 3 days ago Do you see anyone trying to expose the Epstein thing as being a hoax? Or do you see it being called a hoax so that no one has to look into it? permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
myke 2 points 3 days ago One that no one at all has any interest in uncovering, exposing and holding the people committing this "hoax" against a sitting President, accountable. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Hopefully you're being sarcastic? permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 3 days ago Do you see anyone trying to expose the Epstein thing as being a hoax? Or do you see it being called a hoax so that no one has to look into it? permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Hopefully you're being sarcastic? permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 3 days ago Do you see anyone trying to expose the Epstein thing as being a hoax? Or do you see it being called a hoax so that no one has to look into it? permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
myke 1 points 3 days ago Do you see anyone trying to expose the Epstein thing as being a hoax? Or do you see it being called a hoax so that no one has to look into it? permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
McFatty7 149 points 3 days ago If tariffs are so bad, and tariffs are propagandized as a "tax", then why do other countries put tariffs on us? Both our so-called "allies" and those who openly hate us, put tariffs on us. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 49 points 3 days ago Our allies tariff our products off their shelves ffs! I find an American goodies store every once in a while in Germany and they want €20 ($25) for a box of cereal ffs. Levi jeans are over €150 ($180) a pair!! permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 3 days ago Euros are over $1 per €? EU should tariff USD. also I’m retarded permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 -2 points 3 days ago Meet your hero Jussie Smollett to hang together permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 3 points 3 days ago Because our grandparents handed over the country to lawyers and it’s been a retarded race to the bottom ever since permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 24 points 3 days ago And, if they say that a tariff is a tax and thus not allowed, then why do they allow Obamacare under the guise of it being a tax? permalink parent award report block reply DaayTerkErJerbs 24 points 3 days ago Buddy.. they use semantics to play heads i win tails u lose. Everywhere all the time permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 3 days ago See: Nixon Watergate scandal vs spygate scandal permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago While true, it's hard to claim tariffs aren't a form of tax. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 0 points 3 days ago Please avoid the overly use of antisemantics. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 3 days ago Because it was passed by Congress. This is just being done by trump. Thats the logic permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago But Obamacare can only be considered a tax because everyone is required to buy health insurance. Trump can tariff milk from Canada but there is no law requiring everyone to buy milk from Canada. Therefore, not a tax permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you, I was just telling you what their gay logic is permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Honest question cause I don't know the answer - did Obamacare get passed through congress? permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Bush/Cheney lost congress so bad Obama faced opposition from his own party on this and it still passed. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago Blackmail and extortion in the us congress mostly. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 days ago The initial ACA act did pass through normal legislative processes with a 60 senator filibuster proof vote in the Senate. However, there were subsequent revisions to the bill that Democrats shoehorned in through the reconciliation process, and these were controversial. They played semantic games making certain provisions related to spending in revenue when they clearly weren’t. There was also the cornhusker kickback and provisions around student loans that were included for some reason. Also, you should go research how the Democrats got their filibuster proof majority. Senator Weldon, a republican, was defeated in his reelection because the FBI raided his home and created a scandal that turned out to be nothing. sound familiar? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oh I'll be the first to point out that scummy weaponization of government should be punished to the utmost. I also hate when folks mince words. I do think that the ACA has merits and I did not know the history of funky revisions - I wonder would it be possible for the republicans to include revisions to it as a possible win/win? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Canadiapede7 7 points 3 days ago Can’t even find good American products in Canada and I live on the fucking border. I literally have to go to the res to get American products because Canada is so anti American. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Well yeah; when the trade war began and Canada had tariffs jacked up a lot of Canadian companies chose to no longer carry US products; Canada has generally not done much in the way of retaliation as a government these days. I also don't agree with the standing tariffs Canada DOES have on the agricultural sector to protect Quebec; but thats a whole other story. The US tariffs have actually done a lot of harm to Canada however as companies went to the bigger market to produce their goods since they could no longer benefit from cheaper operating costs in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 3 days ago Democrats are allowed to Tariff permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Yet we even have people here who regurgitate MSM nonsense that "there's no cogent strategy behind Trump tariff policy." They should be ashamed to admit being so stupid. permalink parent award report block reply load 26 more comments...
MastaJoda 49 points 3 days ago Our allies tariff our products off their shelves ffs! I find an American goodies store every once in a while in Germany and they want €20 ($25) for a box of cereal ffs. Levi jeans are over €150 ($180) a pair!! permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 3 days ago Euros are over $1 per €? EU should tariff USD. also I’m retarded permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 -2 points 3 days ago Meet your hero Jussie Smollett to hang together permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 3 points 3 days ago Because our grandparents handed over the country to lawyers and it’s been a retarded race to the bottom ever since permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 4 points 3 days ago Euros are over $1 per €? EU should tariff USD. also I’m retarded permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 -2 points 3 days ago Meet your hero Jussie Smollett to hang together permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 -2 points 3 days ago Meet your hero Jussie Smollett to hang together permalink parent award report block reply
RedCalifornia 3 points 3 days ago Because our grandparents handed over the country to lawyers and it’s been a retarded race to the bottom ever since permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 24 points 3 days ago And, if they say that a tariff is a tax and thus not allowed, then why do they allow Obamacare under the guise of it being a tax? permalink parent award report block reply DaayTerkErJerbs 24 points 3 days ago Buddy.. they use semantics to play heads i win tails u lose. Everywhere all the time permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 3 days ago See: Nixon Watergate scandal vs spygate scandal permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago While true, it's hard to claim tariffs aren't a form of tax. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 0 points 3 days ago Please avoid the overly use of antisemantics. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 3 days ago Because it was passed by Congress. This is just being done by trump. Thats the logic permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago But Obamacare can only be considered a tax because everyone is required to buy health insurance. Trump can tariff milk from Canada but there is no law requiring everyone to buy milk from Canada. Therefore, not a tax permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you, I was just telling you what their gay logic is permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Honest question cause I don't know the answer - did Obamacare get passed through congress? permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Bush/Cheney lost congress so bad Obama faced opposition from his own party on this and it still passed. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago Blackmail and extortion in the us congress mostly. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 days ago The initial ACA act did pass through normal legislative processes with a 60 senator filibuster proof vote in the Senate. However, there were subsequent revisions to the bill that Democrats shoehorned in through the reconciliation process, and these were controversial. They played semantic games making certain provisions related to spending in revenue when they clearly weren’t. There was also the cornhusker kickback and provisions around student loans that were included for some reason. Also, you should go research how the Democrats got their filibuster proof majority. Senator Weldon, a republican, was defeated in his reelection because the FBI raided his home and created a scandal that turned out to be nothing. sound familiar? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oh I'll be the first to point out that scummy weaponization of government should be punished to the utmost. I also hate when folks mince words. I do think that the ACA has merits and I did not know the history of funky revisions - I wonder would it be possible for the republicans to include revisions to it as a possible win/win? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DaayTerkErJerbs 24 points 3 days ago Buddy.. they use semantics to play heads i win tails u lose. Everywhere all the time permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 3 days ago See: Nixon Watergate scandal vs spygate scandal permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago While true, it's hard to claim tariffs aren't a form of tax. permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 0 points 3 days ago Please avoid the overly use of antisemantics. permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 5 points 3 days ago See: Nixon Watergate scandal vs spygate scandal permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago While true, it's hard to claim tariffs aren't a form of tax. permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 0 points 3 days ago Please avoid the overly use of antisemantics. permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 2 points 3 days ago Because it was passed by Congress. This is just being done by trump. Thats the logic permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago But Obamacare can only be considered a tax because everyone is required to buy health insurance. Trump can tariff milk from Canada but there is no law requiring everyone to buy milk from Canada. Therefore, not a tax permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you, I was just telling you what their gay logic is permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago But Obamacare can only be considered a tax because everyone is required to buy health insurance. Trump can tariff milk from Canada but there is no law requiring everyone to buy milk from Canada. Therefore, not a tax permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you, I was just telling you what their gay logic is permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 days ago I agree with you, I was just telling you what their gay logic is permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Honest question cause I don't know the answer - did Obamacare get passed through congress? permalink parent award report block reply CruzControl 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Bush/Cheney lost congress so bad Obama faced opposition from his own party on this and it still passed. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago Blackmail and extortion in the us congress mostly. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 days ago The initial ACA act did pass through normal legislative processes with a 60 senator filibuster proof vote in the Senate. However, there were subsequent revisions to the bill that Democrats shoehorned in through the reconciliation process, and these were controversial. They played semantic games making certain provisions related to spending in revenue when they clearly weren’t. There was also the cornhusker kickback and provisions around student loans that were included for some reason. Also, you should go research how the Democrats got their filibuster proof majority. Senator Weldon, a republican, was defeated in his reelection because the FBI raided his home and created a scandal that turned out to be nothing. sound familiar? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oh I'll be the first to point out that scummy weaponization of government should be punished to the utmost. I also hate when folks mince words. I do think that the ACA has merits and I did not know the history of funky revisions - I wonder would it be possible for the republicans to include revisions to it as a possible win/win? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
CruzControl 3 points 3 days ago Yes. Bush/Cheney lost congress so bad Obama faced opposition from his own party on this and it still passed. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 1 points 3 days ago Blackmail and extortion in the us congress mostly. permalink parent award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 days ago The initial ACA act did pass through normal legislative processes with a 60 senator filibuster proof vote in the Senate. However, there were subsequent revisions to the bill that Democrats shoehorned in through the reconciliation process, and these were controversial. They played semantic games making certain provisions related to spending in revenue when they clearly weren’t. There was also the cornhusker kickback and provisions around student loans that were included for some reason. Also, you should go research how the Democrats got their filibuster proof majority. Senator Weldon, a republican, was defeated in his reelection because the FBI raided his home and created a scandal that turned out to be nothing. sound familiar? permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oh I'll be the first to point out that scummy weaponization of government should be punished to the utmost. I also hate when folks mince words. I do think that the ACA has merits and I did not know the history of funky revisions - I wonder would it be possible for the republicans to include revisions to it as a possible win/win? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oh I'll be the first to point out that scummy weaponization of government should be punished to the utmost. I also hate when folks mince words. I do think that the ACA has merits and I did not know the history of funky revisions - I wonder would it be possible for the republicans to include revisions to it as a possible win/win? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Canadiapede7 7 points 3 days ago Can’t even find good American products in Canada and I live on the fucking border. I literally have to go to the res to get American products because Canada is so anti American. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Well yeah; when the trade war began and Canada had tariffs jacked up a lot of Canadian companies chose to no longer carry US products; Canada has generally not done much in the way of retaliation as a government these days. I also don't agree with the standing tariffs Canada DOES have on the agricultural sector to protect Quebec; but thats a whole other story. The US tariffs have actually done a lot of harm to Canada however as companies went to the bigger market to produce their goods since they could no longer benefit from cheaper operating costs in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Well yeah; when the trade war began and Canada had tariffs jacked up a lot of Canadian companies chose to no longer carry US products; Canada has generally not done much in the way of retaliation as a government these days. I also don't agree with the standing tariffs Canada DOES have on the agricultural sector to protect Quebec; but thats a whole other story. The US tariffs have actually done a lot of harm to Canada however as companies went to the bigger market to produce their goods since they could no longer benefit from cheaper operating costs in Canada. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 2 points 3 days ago Democrats are allowed to Tariff permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Yet we even have people here who regurgitate MSM nonsense that "there's no cogent strategy behind Trump tariff policy." They should be ashamed to admit being so stupid. permalink parent award report block reply
awsure 104 points 3 days ago key precedent is J.W. Hampton, Jr., & Co. v. United States (1928), in which the Supreme Court upheld a provision of the Tariff Act of 1922 that allowed the President to adjust tariff rates to equalize production costs between domestic and foreign industries, finding it did not constitute an unconstitutional delegation of legislative power because it included such an intelligible principle. Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 allows the President to impose tariffs on imports that threaten national security, following an investigation by the Department of Commerce. President Trump used this authority in 2018 to impose steel and aluminum tariffs.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 authorizes the President to respond to unfair foreign trade practices with retaliatory measures, including tariffs.
The Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act of 1934 marked a significant shift by allowing the President to negotiate tariff reductions within congressionally approved limits, beginning with President Franklin D. Roosevelt. permalink award report block reply Emodius 49 points 3 days ago Get your ass to the Supreme Court immediately and straighten this out permalink parent award report block reply ScamBlondie 31 points 3 days ago Our courts don’t go off precedents, they go off feels aka orange man bad permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 19 points 3 days ago Certainly since the 00's you're right.  But reading supreme court rulings from the 1800s and first half of the 1900s is incredible, how much work they did to follow previous rulings, while being as narrow as possible. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -4 points 3 days ago The idea of "Judicial Precedent" is stupid anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You're getting downvoted but it really is stupid because it used today to legislate from the bench. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 16 points 3 days ago Once again I learned more in the comment section, for free, than all the "books" online and commentators frothing about whatever the news of the day is. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago ;) Even after being brigaded non-stop by every form of bad actor imagine able, this place still rocks!! permalink parent award report block reply throwawayStudent 4 points 3 days ago allowing the President to negotiate tariff reductions within congressionally approved limits So yeah.... permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Theres a second branch in there that folks kind of overlook. permalink parent award report block reply Squentin 3 points 3 days ago Unfortunately, the administration's lawyers aren't making that case.  They are sandbagging this. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
Emodius 49 points 3 days ago Get your ass to the Supreme Court immediately and straighten this out permalink parent award report block reply
ScamBlondie 31 points 3 days ago Our courts don’t go off precedents, they go off feels aka orange man bad permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 19 points 3 days ago Certainly since the 00's you're right.  But reading supreme court rulings from the 1800s and first half of the 1900s is incredible, how much work they did to follow previous rulings, while being as narrow as possible. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa -4 points 3 days ago The idea of "Judicial Precedent" is stupid anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You're getting downvoted but it really is stupid because it used today to legislate from the bench. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 19 points 3 days ago Certainly since the 00's you're right.  But reading supreme court rulings from the 1800s and first half of the 1900s is incredible, how much work they did to follow previous rulings, while being as narrow as possible. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa -4 points 3 days ago The idea of "Judicial Precedent" is stupid anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You're getting downvoted but it really is stupid because it used today to legislate from the bench. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You're getting downvoted but it really is stupid because it used today to legislate from the bench. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 16 points 3 days ago Once again I learned more in the comment section, for free, than all the "books" online and commentators frothing about whatever the news of the day is. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago ;) Even after being brigaded non-stop by every form of bad actor imagine able, this place still rocks!! permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 4 points 3 days ago ;) Even after being brigaded non-stop by every form of bad actor imagine able, this place still rocks!! permalink parent award report block reply
throwawayStudent 4 points 3 days ago allowing the President to negotiate tariff reductions within congressionally approved limits So yeah.... permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Theres a second branch in there that folks kind of overlook. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago Theres a second branch in there that folks kind of overlook. permalink parent award report block reply
Squentin 3 points 3 days ago Unfortunately, the administration's lawyers aren't making that case.  They are sandbagging this. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 73 points 3 days ago If that's the case, just block all trade with a bunch of nations until they give you everything you want. permalink award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 57 points 3 days ago He can't. The Judiciary rules this nation, not this elected President. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 39 points 3 days ago This is the inevitable result when a civilization hands power to lawyers for two generations. They are the scum of the earth permalink parent award report block reply CanadianTrump2 4 points 3 days ago Banks and lawyers
I wonder who was targeted by 1930’s germany History is rhyming again permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago It's naive to think that started that recently. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 3 days ago I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 3 days ago BAR. British Association Royal.  The Crown creepingly regained control of America.  Yes, actually, every lawyer is guilty of treason. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Don Henley: "kill all the lawyers, kill 'em tonight." permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 17 points 3 days ago lol Hawaiian judge has his prewitten injunction ready to go if Trump dares use his power to end tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago Let’s not forget a DOJ that’s helping him lose battles. No arrests just yack yack yack about investigations that will produce nothing because they’re in on it. Trump is alone and unfortunately when he’s gone the swamp will pick up where they left off. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 3 days ago Actually he can block all trade. Which is stupid. He can block it all but can't tariff it? permalink parent award report block reply 24601 10 points 3 days ago The problem: NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. permalink parent award report block reply fluffykitten 19 points 3 days ago that's not true, we still make gay retards and trannies in the USA permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 3 days ago And if you look at the state of the country you’ll see that they are incredibly expensive. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago YOU GOT A MONOPOLY ON THOSE! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 3 days ago Facts! permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs and easy bank credit for small loans and you get yourself an import replacement boom. permalink parent award report block reply Mellop 1 points 3 days ago NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. Not quite, but 80 percent of the economy is service sector, in other words, producing nothing. What little remains of actually productive economy is also completely tied up in multinational supply chains. Americans should have kept making their own steel...and picking their own cotton, but that's a different story. Now the Dollar is backed by all the economic might of a thriving banking sector, Facebook and various corporations that produce actual, tangible products somewhere else. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Not even close to true, but we're nowhere near being self sufficient. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 2 points 3 days ago Bingo permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 3 days ago You need liberal judges permissions girsy... anytime a corrupt system is i terfered with democrat liberal judges come pouring out of the woodwork permalink parent award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 57 points 3 days ago He can't. The Judiciary rules this nation, not this elected President. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 39 points 3 days ago This is the inevitable result when a civilization hands power to lawyers for two generations. They are the scum of the earth permalink parent award report block reply CanadianTrump2 4 points 3 days ago Banks and lawyers
I wonder who was targeted by 1930’s germany History is rhyming again permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago It's naive to think that started that recently. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 3 days ago I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 3 days ago BAR. British Association Royal.  The Crown creepingly regained control of America.  Yes, actually, every lawyer is guilty of treason. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Don Henley: "kill all the lawyers, kill 'em tonight." permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 17 points 3 days ago lol Hawaiian judge has his prewitten injunction ready to go if Trump dares use his power to end tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago Let’s not forget a DOJ that’s helping him lose battles. No arrests just yack yack yack about investigations that will produce nothing because they’re in on it. Trump is alone and unfortunately when he’s gone the swamp will pick up where they left off. permalink parent award report block reply lixa 2 points 3 days ago Actually he can block all trade. Which is stupid. He can block it all but can't tariff it? permalink parent award report block reply
RedCalifornia 39 points 3 days ago This is the inevitable result when a civilization hands power to lawyers for two generations. They are the scum of the earth permalink parent award report block reply CanadianTrump2 4 points 3 days ago Banks and lawyers
I wonder who was targeted by 1930’s germany History is rhyming again permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago It's naive to think that started that recently. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 3 days ago I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 3 days ago BAR. British Association Royal.  The Crown creepingly regained control of America.  Yes, actually, every lawyer is guilty of treason. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Don Henley: "kill all the lawyers, kill 'em tonight." permalink parent award report block reply
CanadianTrump2 4 points 3 days ago Banks and lawyers
I wonder who was targeted by 1930’s germany History is rhyming again permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago It's naive to think that started that recently. permalink parent award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 3 days ago I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer permalink parent award report block reply
RedCalifornia 1 points 3 days ago I mean, Lincoln was a lawyer permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 -1 points 3 days ago BAR. British Association Royal.  The Crown creepingly regained control of America.  Yes, actually, every lawyer is guilty of treason. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Don Henley: "kill all the lawyers, kill 'em tonight." permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Don Henley: "kill all the lawyers, kill 'em tonight." permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 17 points 3 days ago lol Hawaiian judge has his prewitten injunction ready to go if Trump dares use his power to end tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
DCYR66 4 points 3 days ago Let’s not forget a DOJ that’s helping him lose battles. No arrests just yack yack yack about investigations that will produce nothing because they’re in on it. Trump is alone and unfortunately when he’s gone the swamp will pick up where they left off. permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 2 points 3 days ago Actually he can block all trade. Which is stupid. He can block it all but can't tariff it? permalink parent award report block reply
24601 10 points 3 days ago The problem: NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. permalink parent award report block reply fluffykitten 19 points 3 days ago that's not true, we still make gay retards and trannies in the USA permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 3 days ago And if you look at the state of the country you’ll see that they are incredibly expensive. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago YOU GOT A MONOPOLY ON THOSE! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 3 days ago Facts! permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs and easy bank credit for small loans and you get yourself an import replacement boom. permalink parent award report block reply Mellop 1 points 3 days ago NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. Not quite, but 80 percent of the economy is service sector, in other words, producing nothing. What little remains of actually productive economy is also completely tied up in multinational supply chains. Americans should have kept making their own steel...and picking their own cotton, but that's a different story. Now the Dollar is backed by all the economic might of a thriving banking sector, Facebook and various corporations that produce actual, tangible products somewhere else. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Not even close to true, but we're nowhere near being self sufficient. permalink parent award report block reply
fluffykitten 19 points 3 days ago that's not true, we still make gay retards and trannies in the USA permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 3 days ago And if you look at the state of the country you’ll see that they are incredibly expensive. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago YOU GOT A MONOPOLY ON THOSE! permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 1 points 3 days ago Facts! permalink parent award report block reply
AliceCooperBiden 3 points 3 days ago And if you look at the state of the country you’ll see that they are incredibly expensive. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 2 points 3 days ago YOU GOT A MONOPOLY ON THOSE! permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 1 points 3 days ago Facts! permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs and easy bank credit for small loans and you get yourself an import replacement boom. permalink parent award report block reply
Mellop 1 points 3 days ago NOTHING is made in the USA anymore. Not quite, but 80 percent of the economy is service sector, in other words, producing nothing. What little remains of actually productive economy is also completely tied up in multinational supply chains. Americans should have kept making their own steel...and picking their own cotton, but that's a different story. Now the Dollar is backed by all the economic might of a thriving banking sector, Facebook and various corporations that produce actual, tangible products somewhere else. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 3 days ago Not even close to true, but we're nowhere near being self sufficient. permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 2 points 3 days ago Bingo permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 2 points 3 days ago You need liberal judges permissions girsy... anytime a corrupt system is i terfered with democrat liberal judges come pouring out of the woodwork permalink parent award report block reply
RedCapNation 49 points 3 days ago It’s gonna take men and guns to fix the countries problems. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 3 points 3 days ago You’re right! permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards -1 points 3 days ago Or strategy and skill. permalink parent award report block reply
DCYR66 3 points 3 days ago You’re right! permalink parent award report block reply
LibsRTards -1 points 3 days ago Or strategy and skill. permalink parent award report block reply
cptkloss5 49 points 3 days ago wait - did they block Trump on tariffs? permalink award report block reply Zhongda 58 points 3 days ago Not officially but very highly expected. permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 45 points 3 days ago There's been a few fake news reports that the Supreme Court "appears skeptical of the Tariff Authorities", which were designed to influence the Supreme Court. It's similar to that fake Ronald Reagan ad that was paid by the Ontario government. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp 27 points 3 days ago It's because we listened to the arguments in front of the Supreme Court and their questions.  It does not look good based on their questions that revolved around tariffs being taxes. Bannon's war room streamed it. permalink parent award report block reply Mcrumples 14 points 3 days ago It sucks because they seem more worried about the "how can congress take this power back" in the future. They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. Which is wild. They're overreaching, trying to rule on a hypothetical instead of focusing on the actual problem here. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. It's the non-delegation doctrine and they've upheld it before, in Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan . The Supreme Court is going to of course give extra scrutiny because the President can just veto any attempt of a new Congress to revoke this, which violates their authority as given in the Constitution. Both reasons are Constitutionally valid and are not "overreaching." permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... lixa 1 points 3 days ago Some looked bad some good. It was a mix as far as I read the q and a. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 10 points 3 days ago Well if Trump knows they're ruling against him, the reports weren't fake. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 3 points 3 days ago It's not fake news. I listened to arguments and ACB is guaranteed to go leftist and all they need is one other. Gorsuch and Roberts were particularly harsh against Trump lawyer too. Not looking good. Gorsuch is USUALLY reliable here. The argument is they think Congress should have the power not President. permalink parent award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 1 points 3 days ago The Federal District Court and Appellate Court both ruled against Trump, saying he does not have the authority for all the tariffs he set. The case was over certain tariffs - particularly the base tariff rates on everything and wvery country - and the ruling found that Trump lacked authority for all those tariffs. Both courts stayed their ruling on appeal. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief -14 points 3 days ago WAit??? COuld yOU nOT tELL??? thROugH hiS pOsT? permalink parent award report block reply
Zhongda 58 points 3 days ago Not officially but very highly expected. permalink parent award report block reply
McFatty7 45 points 3 days ago There's been a few fake news reports that the Supreme Court "appears skeptical of the Tariff Authorities", which were designed to influence the Supreme Court. It's similar to that fake Ronald Reagan ad that was paid by the Ontario government. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp 27 points 3 days ago It's because we listened to the arguments in front of the Supreme Court and their questions.  It does not look good based on their questions that revolved around tariffs being taxes. Bannon's war room streamed it. permalink parent award report block reply Mcrumples 14 points 3 days ago It sucks because they seem more worried about the "how can congress take this power back" in the future. They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. Which is wild. They're overreaching, trying to rule on a hypothetical instead of focusing on the actual problem here. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. It's the non-delegation doctrine and they've upheld it before, in Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan . The Supreme Court is going to of course give extra scrutiny because the President can just veto any attempt of a new Congress to revoke this, which violates their authority as given in the Constitution. Both reasons are Constitutionally valid and are not "overreaching." permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... lixa 1 points 3 days ago Some looked bad some good. It was a mix as far as I read the q and a. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 10 points 3 days ago Well if Trump knows they're ruling against him, the reports weren't fake. permalink parent award report block reply GeneticsGuy 3 points 3 days ago It's not fake news. I listened to arguments and ACB is guaranteed to go leftist and all they need is one other. Gorsuch and Roberts were particularly harsh against Trump lawyer too. Not looking good. Gorsuch is USUALLY reliable here. The argument is they think Congress should have the power not President. permalink parent award report block reply
grassshrimp 27 points 3 days ago It's because we listened to the arguments in front of the Supreme Court and their questions.  It does not look good based on their questions that revolved around tariffs being taxes. Bannon's war room streamed it. permalink parent award report block reply Mcrumples 14 points 3 days ago It sucks because they seem more worried about the "how can congress take this power back" in the future. They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. Which is wild. They're overreaching, trying to rule on a hypothetical instead of focusing on the actual problem here. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. It's the non-delegation doctrine and they've upheld it before, in Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan . The Supreme Court is going to of course give extra scrutiny because the President can just veto any attempt of a new Congress to revoke this, which violates their authority as given in the Constitution. Both reasons are Constitutionally valid and are not "overreaching." permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... lixa 1 points 3 days ago Some looked bad some good. It was a mix as far as I read the q and a. permalink parent award report block reply
Mcrumples 14 points 3 days ago It sucks because they seem more worried about the "how can congress take this power back" in the future. They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. Which is wild. They're overreaching, trying to rule on a hypothetical instead of focusing on the actual problem here. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. It's the non-delegation doctrine and they've upheld it before, in Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan . The Supreme Court is going to of course give extra scrutiny because the President can just veto any attempt of a new Congress to revoke this, which violates their authority as given in the Constitution. Both reasons are Constitutionally valid and are not "overreaching." permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago They seemed displeased with needing a veto-proof majority vote to take this back. It's the non-delegation doctrine and they've upheld it before, in Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan . The Supreme Court is going to of course give extra scrutiny because the President can just veto any attempt of a new Congress to revoke this, which violates their authority as given in the Constitution. Both reasons are Constitutionally valid and are not "overreaching." permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
lixa 1 points 3 days ago Some looked bad some good. It was a mix as far as I read the q and a. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 10 points 3 days ago Well if Trump knows they're ruling against him, the reports weren't fake. permalink parent award report block reply
GeneticsGuy 3 points 3 days ago It's not fake news. I listened to arguments and ACB is guaranteed to go leftist and all they need is one other. Gorsuch and Roberts were particularly harsh against Trump lawyer too. Not looking good. Gorsuch is USUALLY reliable here. The argument is they think Congress should have the power not President. permalink parent award report block reply
RocksCanOnlyWait 1 points 3 days ago The Federal District Court and Appellate Court both ruled against Trump, saying he does not have the authority for all the tariffs he set. The case was over certain tariffs - particularly the base tariff rates on everything and wvery country - and the ruling found that Trump lacked authority for all those tariffs. Both courts stayed their ruling on appeal. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief -14 points 3 days ago WAit??? COuld yOU nOT tELL??? thROugH hiS pOsT? permalink parent award report block reply
CDean 46 points 3 days ago Stop all trade then. That'll work even faster. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 33 points 3 days ago Time to start chucking BMWs into the harbor. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 9 points 3 days ago Or scuttling temu container fleets. Could you imagine the outcry for the poor bmw salesman and the building owners... it will be like the budlight thing, hans offers 5% off and in a week its back to normal. permalink parent award report block reply Cyer6 6 points 3 days ago Yes. Switch tactics. Close borders, revoke VISA's, implement regulations and use other tools at your disposal. permalink parent award report block reply CaptainTrouble 2 points 3 days ago Exactly. Literally ban all trade if SCOTUS rules against him. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 33 points 3 days ago Time to start chucking BMWs into the harbor. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 9 points 3 days ago Or scuttling temu container fleets. Could you imagine the outcry for the poor bmw salesman and the building owners... it will be like the budlight thing, hans offers 5% off and in a week its back to normal. permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 9 points 3 days ago Or scuttling temu container fleets. Could you imagine the outcry for the poor bmw salesman and the building owners... it will be like the budlight thing, hans offers 5% off and in a week its back to normal. permalink parent award report block reply
Cyer6 6 points 3 days ago Yes. Switch tactics. Close borders, revoke VISA's, implement regulations and use other tools at your disposal. permalink parent award report block reply
CaptainTrouble 2 points 3 days ago Exactly. Literally ban all trade if SCOTUS rules against him. permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 31 points 3 days ago I think they rule for Trump still. This court loves tradition. And all tradition on tariffs is that they are a separate legal entity from direct taxation. In Britain, it was called “tonnage and poundage” and it was something parliament granted the king upon ascension. Since it was considered a “foreign” or external power, dealing with other countries. They extremely rarely did not give it to the king, and those times, they actively denied him. They did not sue in court, they passed legislation saying “the king can’t do this”. That has not happened here. The US Congress already did delegate this power to the executive, under the same reasoning (that it deals with diplomacy and foreign countries). permalink award report block reply Papabravo12 13 points 3 days ago Thanks, have to scroll a long way to see a little explanation on this. It’s so weird that we’re 250 years old as a country and yet there’s still things that are a little unclear and left to interpretation by courts and cuck judges permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 8 points 3 days ago The thing is, people used to be reasonable to not sue over every little thing that is clearly laid out in law or the constitution. The culture now is to sue over anything and hope some favorable judge gives you everything. permalink parent award report block reply Papabravo12 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, that is the issue. The constitution and nation was founded under the idea that people would be somewhat self responsible, and that Christianity would keep people in line for the most part so every little specific thing wouldn’t need to be put into law permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 2 points 3 days ago . The US Congress already did delegate this power to the executive Yes, and part of the problem is that for a future Congress to rescind it would require a veto-proof majority to reclaim a power that is exclusively theirs.  This will not stand, they will overturn it. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago This is the issue I'm seeing, the US Constitution gives Congress the power of everything related, without ever using the word "tariff." permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Of course a future Congress will need a veto proof majority, that's how that works. Just like to get past the filibuster, you need a huge majority. Just like to make amendments, you need a supermajority. They love to rely on these things when it's in their favor, but when it comes to stripping the executive of power that could help this country they want to do that ASAP. permalink parent award report block reply N14205ST205 1 points 3 days ago I hope you're right. permalink parent award report block reply
Papabravo12 13 points 3 days ago Thanks, have to scroll a long way to see a little explanation on this. It’s so weird that we’re 250 years old as a country and yet there’s still things that are a little unclear and left to interpretation by courts and cuck judges permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 8 points 3 days ago The thing is, people used to be reasonable to not sue over every little thing that is clearly laid out in law or the constitution. The culture now is to sue over anything and hope some favorable judge gives you everything. permalink parent award report block reply Papabravo12 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, that is the issue. The constitution and nation was founded under the idea that people would be somewhat self responsible, and that Christianity would keep people in line for the most part so every little specific thing wouldn’t need to be put into law permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 8 points 3 days ago The thing is, people used to be reasonable to not sue over every little thing that is clearly laid out in law or the constitution. The culture now is to sue over anything and hope some favorable judge gives you everything. permalink parent award report block reply Papabravo12 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, that is the issue. The constitution and nation was founded under the idea that people would be somewhat self responsible, and that Christianity would keep people in line for the most part so every little specific thing wouldn’t need to be put into law permalink parent award report block reply
Papabravo12 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, that is the issue. The constitution and nation was founded under the idea that people would be somewhat self responsible, and that Christianity would keep people in line for the most part so every little specific thing wouldn’t need to be put into law permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 2 points 3 days ago . The US Congress already did delegate this power to the executive Yes, and part of the problem is that for a future Congress to rescind it would require a veto-proof majority to reclaim a power that is exclusively theirs.  This will not stand, they will overturn it. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago This is the issue I'm seeing, the US Constitution gives Congress the power of everything related, without ever using the word "tariff." permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Of course a future Congress will need a veto proof majority, that's how that works. Just like to get past the filibuster, you need a huge majority. Just like to make amendments, you need a supermajority. They love to rely on these things when it's in their favor, but when it comes to stripping the executive of power that could help this country they want to do that ASAP. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago This is the issue I'm seeing, the US Constitution gives Congress the power of everything related, without ever using the word "tariff." permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Of course a future Congress will need a veto proof majority, that's how that works. Just like to get past the filibuster, you need a huge majority. Just like to make amendments, you need a supermajority. They love to rely on these things when it's in their favor, but when it comes to stripping the executive of power that could help this country they want to do that ASAP. permalink parent award report block reply
N14205ST205 1 points 3 days ago I hope you're right. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 28 points 3 days ago If this happens, Quick fix: Pack the fucking Supreme Court with 5 MAGA patriots. permalink award report block reply UndercoverSpez 38 points 3 days ago Has Trump ever put a MAGA judge on? permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 33 points 3 days ago No.
Deepstate neocon shitheads, yes. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 2 points 3 days ago Thats maga now. permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 13 points 3 days ago A pretender one? Has anything been truly MAGA yet? We got Fox Interviews, Non shut down buildings, Pretty sure Depart of Education is still around? Taxes are still around while Tariffs are also up (yay more money for Gubbermint). Bombing other Nations that have supposedly had nuclear weapons for the past 3 decades. Not sure why we waiting 3 decades but we did, so important. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago 24 was about not going to jail, concessions were made... permalink parent award report block reply ThatsDoable 10 points 3 days ago Trump always picks deepstate traitors for most of his positions for some strange reason. It's almost like it's all political theater permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 9 points 3 days ago Was the first sign of danger when he chose a Woman with a black son? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Well, people certainly pointed to that as a reason why she shouldn't be trusted. Moderates tried to hand wave it away, but they've been more right than wrong. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 2 points 3 days ago Gorsuch is the closest entity permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Listening to the oral arguments it seems even he is not on board with Trumps tariffs. This will come down to Gorsuch and Roberts both siding FOR tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply AlohaSnackbar 7 points 3 days ago 10 MAGA patriots.  Even though Thomas and Alito are mostly really good, there can be no doubt that they would likely side with the leftist cunts out of misplaced loyalty/principle in protest of the court packing. So why take the chance? Fill it with some genuine "go fuck yourself" -types who will vote the right way and justify their decisions with a "because I fuckin said so, biatch". permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 6 points 3 days ago Who are these maga patriots? trump already endorsed paul ryan, mitch mcconnell, lindsey graham, Amy barrett, alex acosta, ted cruz, bill barr, marco rubio. Lets hope the sc simply maintains for three years while trump 2: semetic boogaloo plays out. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 4 points 3 days ago They will never get confirmed unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago If Miriam picks them they will. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust 3 points 3 days ago I always believed randomly chosen old accounts on this site would do better than any other hand picked rec trump gets. permalink parent award report block reply rockaustin 2 points 3 days ago Every one of them ends up turning on us. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
UndercoverSpez 38 points 3 days ago Has Trump ever put a MAGA judge on? permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 33 points 3 days ago No.
Deepstate neocon shitheads, yes. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 2 points 3 days ago Thats maga now. permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 13 points 3 days ago A pretender one? Has anything been truly MAGA yet? We got Fox Interviews, Non shut down buildings, Pretty sure Depart of Education is still around? Taxes are still around while Tariffs are also up (yay more money for Gubbermint). Bombing other Nations that have supposedly had nuclear weapons for the past 3 decades. Not sure why we waiting 3 decades but we did, so important. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago 24 was about not going to jail, concessions were made... permalink parent award report block reply ThatsDoable 10 points 3 days ago Trump always picks deepstate traitors for most of his positions for some strange reason. It's almost like it's all political theater permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 9 points 3 days ago Was the first sign of danger when he chose a Woman with a black son? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Well, people certainly pointed to that as a reason why she shouldn't be trusted. Moderates tried to hand wave it away, but they've been more right than wrong. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 2 points 3 days ago Gorsuch is the closest entity permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Listening to the oral arguments it seems even he is not on board with Trumps tariffs. This will come down to Gorsuch and Roberts both siding FOR tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
Prussian_Pepe 33 points 3 days ago No.
Deepstate neocon shitheads, yes. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 2 points 3 days ago Thats maga now. permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 2 points 3 days ago Thats maga now. permalink parent award report block reply
IForgotToAddAnEmail 13 points 3 days ago A pretender one? Has anything been truly MAGA yet? We got Fox Interviews, Non shut down buildings, Pretty sure Depart of Education is still around? Taxes are still around while Tariffs are also up (yay more money for Gubbermint). Bombing other Nations that have supposedly had nuclear weapons for the past 3 decades. Not sure why we waiting 3 decades but we did, so important. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago 24 was about not going to jail, concessions were made... permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago 24 was about not going to jail, concessions were made... permalink parent award report block reply
ThatsDoable 10 points 3 days ago Trump always picks deepstate traitors for most of his positions for some strange reason. It's almost like it's all political theater permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 9 points 3 days ago Was the first sign of danger when he chose a Woman with a black son? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Well, people certainly pointed to that as a reason why she shouldn't be trusted. Moderates tried to hand wave it away, but they've been more right than wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 3 days ago Well, people certainly pointed to that as a reason why she shouldn't be trusted. Moderates tried to hand wave it away, but they've been more right than wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 2 points 3 days ago Gorsuch is the closest entity permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Listening to the oral arguments it seems even he is not on board with Trumps tariffs. This will come down to Gorsuch and Roberts both siding FOR tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Listening to the oral arguments it seems even he is not on board with Trumps tariffs. This will come down to Gorsuch and Roberts both siding FOR tariffs. permalink parent award report block reply
AlohaSnackbar 7 points 3 days ago 10 MAGA patriots.  Even though Thomas and Alito are mostly really good, there can be no doubt that they would likely side with the leftist cunts out of misplaced loyalty/principle in protest of the court packing. So why take the chance? Fill it with some genuine "go fuck yourself" -types who will vote the right way and justify their decisions with a "because I fuckin said so, biatch". permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 6 points 3 days ago Who are these maga patriots? trump already endorsed paul ryan, mitch mcconnell, lindsey graham, Amy barrett, alex acosta, ted cruz, bill barr, marco rubio. Lets hope the sc simply maintains for three years while trump 2: semetic boogaloo plays out. permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 6 points 3 days ago Who are these maga patriots? trump already endorsed paul ryan, mitch mcconnell, lindsey graham, Amy barrett, alex acosta, ted cruz, bill barr, marco rubio. Lets hope the sc simply maintains for three years while trump 2: semetic boogaloo plays out. permalink parent award report block reply
AndanteAndante 4 points 3 days ago They will never get confirmed unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago If Miriam picks them they will. permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 1 points 3 days ago If Miriam picks them they will. permalink parent award report block reply
Wanderlust 3 points 3 days ago I always believed randomly chosen old accounts on this site would do better than any other hand picked rec trump gets. permalink parent award report block reply
rockaustin 2 points 3 days ago Every one of them ends up turning on us. permalink parent award report block reply
Yignuced 25 points 3 days ago Presidents have been using tariffs for decades.  When did anybody complain before? permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 35 points 3 days ago Because he's using them to benefit America instead of hurt it. permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc 4 points 3 days ago Benefits the US gov't, not us. But irrelevant, the only reason they complain is because he does it. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 6 points 3 days ago Protecting American industry and jobs protests ALL OF US numbnuts permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago *protects permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc -1 points 3 days ago I feel so protected. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Treefiddydiddy 13 points 3 days ago orange man bad permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnSnek 11 points 3 days ago It's (D)ifferent because it's "Trump". permalink parent award report block reply RocksCanOnlyWait 3 points 3 days ago Presidents have limited authority to increase tariffs, as delegated by Congress in various laws: Certain goods explicitly outlined by Congress, particularly steel and aluminum When negotiating for an end to unfair and disruptive trade practices National security While some tariffs, particularly one targeting China, can be justified under the first two bullets, the broad tariffs on every country can only be justified on national security grounds, and that claim is extremely weak. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago This needs more upvotes. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago Because Trump is doing it. permalink parent award report block reply load 11 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 35 points 3 days ago Because he's using them to benefit America instead of hurt it. permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc 4 points 3 days ago Benefits the US gov't, not us. But irrelevant, the only reason they complain is because he does it. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 6 points 3 days ago Protecting American industry and jobs protests ALL OF US numbnuts permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago *protects permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc -1 points 3 days ago I feel so protected. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
grad16uc 4 points 3 days ago Benefits the US gov't, not us. But irrelevant, the only reason they complain is because he does it. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 6 points 3 days ago Protecting American industry and jobs protests ALL OF US numbnuts permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago *protects permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc -1 points 3 days ago I feel so protected. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 6 points 3 days ago Protecting American industry and jobs protests ALL OF US numbnuts permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago *protects permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc -1 points 3 days ago I feel so protected. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago *protects permalink parent award report block reply
grad16uc -1 points 3 days ago I feel so protected. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Treefiddydiddy 13 points 3 days ago orange man bad permalink parent award report block reply
DontTreadOnSnek 11 points 3 days ago It's (D)ifferent because it's "Trump". permalink parent award report block reply
RocksCanOnlyWait 3 points 3 days ago Presidents have limited authority to increase tariffs, as delegated by Congress in various laws: Certain goods explicitly outlined by Congress, particularly steel and aluminum When negotiating for an end to unfair and disruptive trade practices National security While some tariffs, particularly one targeting China, can be justified under the first two bullets, the broad tariffs on every country can only be justified on national security grounds, and that claim is extremely weak. permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago This needs more upvotes. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago This needs more upvotes. permalink parent award report block reply
DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago Because Trump is doing it. permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 16 points 3 days ago If they do cancel all trade then permalink award report block reply
FRONT_TOWARD_LEFT 16 points 3 days ago Impeach Roberts.  His failure to properly oversee the FISA court is an open-and-shut case. permalink award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 16 points 3 days ago No, YOU, DONALD TRUMP, can't tariff other countries. It's perfectly fine for other presidents to do it. Especially democrats. Just not you because YOU ARE LITERALLY HITLER. permalink award report block reply
rightoverthere 15 points 3 days ago he needs to let congress make the eo into law. otherwise next dem admin says "climate emergency" threat to nation!! and bans gas cars or something extreme. trade defecit going on for 50 years isn't an emergency. fentenyl could be seen as emergency but why use emergency to add tariffs from eu/canada etc. no business will setup shop, build a plant, factory if tariffs can be imposed / lifted whenever the wind changes. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 10 points 3 days ago Let Congress?? Like they would do anything when the have the chance, they have the chance already permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere -6 points 3 days ago thats how it needs to be. they are directly answerable to and closest representitives to the public and elected every 2 years for that reason. tariffs are taxes. no matter how brainwashed people are the foreign country does not pay tariffs to sell to us. the consumer pays increased prices due to tariffs and the government gets income based on that. thats a tax and needs to be originated in the house. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs, aka federal consumption tax . permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean...Trumps own advocate admitted infront of SCOTUS the majority of the tariff is paid by the American consumer. Its something I am starting to hate about the admin is the intentional obfuscation of the truth because they know that no one will call them on it...just look at your downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust -1 points 3 days ago You not smart permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 7 points 3 days ago LET???????? LET???????? THEY COULDVE CODIFY THIS SHIT INTO LAW LOOOONG AGO. THATS THEIR JOB. HE CANT MAKE THEM DO IT. THEY HAVE TO WANT TO DO IT. BUT THEY DONT!!!! permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 3 days ago then he needs to address them instead of supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 4 points 3 days ago Have you seen them do anything? permalink parent award report block reply PapaPepe 1 points 3 days ago Who even needs a next admin? Some federal judge can just ban cars permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 3 days ago truthjusticetruth 2 points 3 days ago Not a tax. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
trumpORbust 10 points 3 days ago Let Congress?? Like they would do anything when the have the chance, they have the chance already permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere -6 points 3 days ago thats how it needs to be. they are directly answerable to and closest representitives to the public and elected every 2 years for that reason. tariffs are taxes. no matter how brainwashed people are the foreign country does not pay tariffs to sell to us. the consumer pays increased prices due to tariffs and the government gets income based on that. thats a tax and needs to be originated in the house. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs, aka federal consumption tax . permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean...Trumps own advocate admitted infront of SCOTUS the majority of the tariff is paid by the American consumer. Its something I am starting to hate about the admin is the intentional obfuscation of the truth because they know that no one will call them on it...just look at your downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust -1 points 3 days ago You not smart permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere -6 points 3 days ago thats how it needs to be. they are directly answerable to and closest representitives to the public and elected every 2 years for that reason. tariffs are taxes. no matter how brainwashed people are the foreign country does not pay tariffs to sell to us. the consumer pays increased prices due to tariffs and the government gets income based on that. thats a tax and needs to be originated in the house. permalink parent award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs, aka federal consumption tax . permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean...Trumps own advocate admitted infront of SCOTUS the majority of the tariff is paid by the American consumer. Its something I am starting to hate about the admin is the intentional obfuscation of the truth because they know that no one will call them on it...just look at your downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust -1 points 3 days ago You not smart permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 3 points 3 days ago Tariffs, aka federal consumption tax . permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean...Trumps own advocate admitted infront of SCOTUS the majority of the tariff is paid by the American consumer. Its something I am starting to hate about the admin is the intentional obfuscation of the truth because they know that no one will call them on it...just look at your downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust -1 points 3 days ago You not smart permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 7 points 3 days ago LET???????? LET???????? THEY COULDVE CODIFY THIS SHIT INTO LAW LOOOONG AGO. THATS THEIR JOB. HE CANT MAKE THEM DO IT. THEY HAVE TO WANT TO DO IT. BUT THEY DONT!!!! permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 3 days ago then he needs to address them instead of supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 2 points 3 days ago then he needs to address them instead of supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 4 points 3 days ago Have you seen them do anything? permalink parent award report block reply
PapaPepe 1 points 3 days ago Who even needs a next admin? Some federal judge can just ban cars permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 0 points 3 days ago truthjusticetruth 2 points 3 days ago Not a tax. permalink parent award report block reply
truthjusticetruth 2 points 3 days ago Not a tax. permalink parent award report block reply
Executarian2 13 points 3 days ago I listened to the arguments. It’s bad. Probably 6-3 against Trump. Gorsuch in particular seems keen on striking down a LOT of Trump’s authority. He seems annoyed with Trump in general. Lots of talk about the non-delegation clause which is basically saying that Congress has given the President too much power, so expect a lot of cases soon to be about that. permalink award report block reply Bythrfruitsyknow 2 points 3 days ago Also the fact that Congress needs a veto-proof majority to remove their own legislative power; this essentially binds a new Congress (which is supposed to own that authority.) This has not withstood scrutiny before, either. permalink parent award report block reply
Bythrfruitsyknow 2 points 3 days ago Also the fact that Congress needs a veto-proof majority to remove their own legislative power; this essentially binds a new Congress (which is supposed to own that authority.) This has not withstood scrutiny before, either. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 11 points 3 days ago He has a point. He can embargo, he can issue licenses, he can put in quotas, but he can’t put in tariffs? Make it make sense permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 5 points 3 days ago $0 fee quota: 1 permitted per year $400 fee per item quota: 1 million permitted per year Hmm, maybe a work around? permalink parent award report block reply Emanresu99 5 points 3 days ago License to sell fix amount of items. Price of license is same as tarrif when split per unit. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 5 points 3 days ago $0 fee quota: 1 permitted per year $400 fee per item quota: 1 million permitted per year Hmm, maybe a work around? permalink parent award report block reply Emanresu99 5 points 3 days ago License to sell fix amount of items. Price of license is same as tarrif when split per unit. permalink parent award report block reply
Emanresu99 5 points 3 days ago License to sell fix amount of items. Price of license is same as tarrif when split per unit. permalink parent award report block reply
CaliAli 10 points 3 days ago Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln knew how to handle the Supreme Court. permalink award report block reply
Cuntgoblin 10 points 3 days ago Maybe arrest Chief Justice John Roberts for being a raging pedophile? permalink award report block reply magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago evidence not support that is him @ epstein island. He WAS In eastern Europe colluding w/ known deep state color revolutionist while he was ambassador AND Roberts is in charge of FISA courts that committed a MOUNTAIN Of civil right violations against Trump & millions of Americans permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago What about Clarence Thomas and his multiple paid for by friends trip to the bohemian grove? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago Yup, you just removed all doubt that you're a leftist. Attacking Thomas? Nah, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago I’m not a leftist. I have moral consistency. Did he or did he not attend multiple bohemian grove gatherings? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You are a leftist, and you should be shunned as one, bitch boy. I see the seeds you intend to sow, and I see you for what you are. Pretend all you like. permalink parent award report block reply
magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago evidence not support that is him @ epstein island. He WAS In eastern Europe colluding w/ known deep state color revolutionist while he was ambassador AND Roberts is in charge of FISA courts that committed a MOUNTAIN Of civil right violations against Trump & millions of Americans permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 3 days ago What about Clarence Thomas and his multiple paid for by friends trip to the bohemian grove? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago Yup, you just removed all doubt that you're a leftist. Attacking Thomas? Nah, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago I’m not a leftist. I have moral consistency. Did he or did he not attend multiple bohemian grove gatherings? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You are a leftist, and you should be shunned as one, bitch boy. I see the seeds you intend to sow, and I see you for what you are. Pretend all you like. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago Yup, you just removed all doubt that you're a leftist. Attacking Thomas? Nah, fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago I’m not a leftist. I have moral consistency. Did he or did he not attend multiple bohemian grove gatherings? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You are a leftist, and you should be shunned as one, bitch boy. I see the seeds you intend to sow, and I see you for what you are. Pretend all you like. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 3 days ago I’m not a leftist. I have moral consistency. Did he or did he not attend multiple bohemian grove gatherings? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You are a leftist, and you should be shunned as one, bitch boy. I see the seeds you intend to sow, and I see you for what you are. Pretend all you like. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 0 points 3 days ago You are a leftist, and you should be shunned as one, bitch boy. I see the seeds you intend to sow, and I see you for what you are. Pretend all you like. permalink parent award report block reply
Fromseatoshinningsea 9 points 3 days ago Roberts & SC lied about Barry Care. He twisted the definition of a tax across all states. Barry Care logically qualified as a violation but Roberts lied. And that was a key component to Barry & WEF NWO cartel killing the US. Roberts is ready to do the same again. If PDJT uses the Epstein leverage the intelligence community will Butler / Charlie Kirk him. He and us are in a squeeze. permalink award report block reply
ScamBlondie 9 points 3 days ago Tariffs are a tax, but Obamacare isn’t a tax 🥴 permalink award report block reply
Redpillrambo 9 points 3 days ago Now he gets to negotiate all or nothing. Either we get fair trade and no tariff, or you simply dont do business here anymore. permalink award report block reply
sorrytodisagree 8 points 3 days ago The supreme court was fine with presidents using tariffs for the first 250 years of our nation.  Until Trump came along... permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago Someone has no idea of actual tariff history. You. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 3 days ago Someone has no idea of actual tariff history. You. permalink parent award report block reply
Overtaxed 8 points 3 days ago This is a small preview of what the left will do if they're able to pack the courts. permalink award report block reply
UndercoverSpez 8 points 3 days ago It’s pretty much over for Trump if he loses his tariff power. It’s all he’s got lol permalink award report block reply happyfave 2 points 3 days ago Even the NYT says tariffs will continue regardless of the decision.  There are other ways to tariff permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 1 points 3 days ago I’m Sure the GOP congress will pass them lol. permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave 2 points 3 days ago Even the NYT says tariffs will continue regardless of the decision.  There are other ways to tariff permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 1 points 3 days ago I’m Sure the GOP congress will pass them lol. permalink parent award report block reply
UndercoverSpez 1 points 3 days ago I’m Sure the GOP congress will pass them lol. permalink parent award report block reply
couranto 7 points 3 days ago The solicitor arguing to the court was terrible. permalink award report block reply
JanOctSept 6 points 3 days ago I am not cool with judicial tyranny at the hands of a collective of disparate judges who routinely release violent criminals into our communities, sacrificing human lives to satisfy their sense of self-righteousness. permalink award report block reply magaMC117 -2 points 3 days ago This time they are correct, Trump exceeded his powers ... Trump SUCKS at being a politician, FFS he not even purge the RNC much less the GOP permalink parent award report block reply
magaMC117 -2 points 3 days ago This time they are correct, Trump exceeded his powers ... Trump SUCKS at being a politician, FFS he not even purge the RNC much less the GOP permalink parent award report block reply
YodaBannon 6 points 3 days ago even if they lose the SC decision in December it doesnt matter much, 90% of the tariffs will be re-implemented within 24 hours using different laws permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 6 points 3 days ago There certainly are laws that grant the President the power to use Tariffs that were given to the office by Congress.. I sure hope they spell this out to the SCOTUS because the President signing an EO to block all trade with numerous countries which is in his power would be a far worse sledgehammer than tariffs.. permalink award report block reply
DCSucks OP 6 points 3 days ago https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/115519951705472870 permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 5 points 3 days ago The SC is going to do whatever gives more power to the deep state. Administrative tyranny. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 5 points 3 days ago Too many dumbo’s on the Supreme Court. They should call it what it really is. The Mediocre Court. permalink award report block reply
blue5707 5 points 3 days ago Roberts is what the hell is going on permalink award report block reply
RiolindasReturn 5 points 3 days ago He apparently still believes these people want what’s best for this country. permalink award report block reply HoganT -1 points 3 days ago The constitution doesn’t say, “Just do whatever you think is best for the country”. It gave the power to tax to Congress. permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 2 points 3 days ago The comment from awsure above explains it via section 232. He does have the right due to national security and unfair practices permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -1 points 3 days ago The constitution doesn’t say, “Just do whatever you think is best for the country”. It gave the power to tax to Congress. permalink parent award report block reply tjohnson107 2 points 3 days ago The comment from awsure above explains it via section 232. He does have the right due to national security and unfair practices permalink parent award report block reply
tjohnson107 2 points 3 days ago The comment from awsure above explains it via section 232. He does have the right due to national security and unfair practices permalink parent award report block reply
Beat_to_Quarters 5 points 3 days ago Remember when tariffs were supposed to tank the economy? permalink award report block reply
throttlejohnson 5 points 3 days ago stop all trade from the countries we cannot tariff...there fixed it permalink award report block reply
JoePlumber 3 points 3 days ago If he can license then he simply makes the tariffs a condition of licensing. It's more annoying but has the same effect. permalink award report block reply
Waco419 3 points 3 days ago The Executive has co-equal authority (with the other branches) to interpret the Constitution. Trump needs to get off his knees. permalink award report block reply magaMC117 2 points 3 days ago they are NOT Equal, Judicial is actually the weakest permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago And SCOTUS wasn't created to interpret the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply
magaMC117 2 points 3 days ago they are NOT Equal, Judicial is actually the weakest permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago And SCOTUS wasn't created to interpret the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago And SCOTUS wasn't created to interpret the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply
MorningFrost 3 points 3 days ago 🇺🇸 Tariff Authority in the U.S. Government
Congressional Power: Under the Tariff Act of 1789, Congress holds the constitutional authority to impose tariffs. States have no role in tariff policy. Executive Role: Initially limited to collecting tariffs, the Executive Branch gained negotiating power through the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act of 1934, allowing the President to lower tariffs via trade deals. Negotiation Power: If the President can negotiate trade agreements, he effectively holds negotiating authority in foreign trade. Judicial Limits: The Supreme Court does not have the power to negotiate with foreign nations. 🛡️ National Security and Tariffs
Trade Expansion Act of 1962 – Section 232: Allows the President to raise tariffs if imports threaten national security. Trump (2018): Used Section 232 to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum. Biden: Continued some of these measures. Public Concern: A $37 trillion national debt is argued by some to be a national security threat due to rising interest costs. ⚖️ Legal Bottom Line
The President cannot unilaterally raise tariffs unless Congress delegates that authority. Delegated powers include Section 232 (national security) and Section 301 (unfair trade practices). permalink award report block reply MorningFrost 7 points 3 days ago The bottom line is that congress has Delegated powers include Section 232 (national security) and Section 301 (unfair trade practices). The Supreme Court is questioning National Security, and they do not get National Security briefings so they have nothing to say about the matter. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 3 points 3 days ago This is all Law-fare, even Biden was tariffing aluminum this gets brought up now after all this time is only because Orange man bad. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 3 days ago Uninhabited islands of penguins pose national security threats? Nah, son. We just tried to claim deficits are emergencies, when they’re not. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago Don't call me son bitch.! permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago And Jack that is not a deficit that is a debt. Know the difference weasel. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago The formula for how the administration came up with those numbers to justify supposedly “reciprocal tariffs” was literally: (US trade deficit with a country / US imports from that country) / 2 Not debt. And definitely, unequivocally, not tariffs, as was claimed. Just facts, son. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
MorningFrost 7 points 3 days ago The bottom line is that congress has Delegated powers include Section 232 (national security) and Section 301 (unfair trade practices). The Supreme Court is questioning National Security, and they do not get National Security briefings so they have nothing to say about the matter. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 3 points 3 days ago This is all Law-fare, even Biden was tariffing aluminum this gets brought up now after all this time is only because Orange man bad. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 3 days ago Uninhabited islands of penguins pose national security threats? Nah, son. We just tried to claim deficits are emergencies, when they’re not. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago Don't call me son bitch.! permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago And Jack that is not a deficit that is a debt. Know the difference weasel. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago The formula for how the administration came up with those numbers to justify supposedly “reciprocal tariffs” was literally: (US trade deficit with a country / US imports from that country) / 2 Not debt. And definitely, unequivocally, not tariffs, as was claimed. Just facts, son. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
MorningFrost 3 points 3 days ago This is all Law-fare, even Biden was tariffing aluminum this gets brought up now after all this time is only because Orange man bad. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -1 points 3 days ago Uninhabited islands of penguins pose national security threats? Nah, son. We just tried to claim deficits are emergencies, when they’re not. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago Don't call me son bitch.! permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago And Jack that is not a deficit that is a debt. Know the difference weasel. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago The formula for how the administration came up with those numbers to justify supposedly “reciprocal tariffs” was literally: (US trade deficit with a country / US imports from that country) / 2 Not debt. And definitely, unequivocally, not tariffs, as was claimed. Just facts, son. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago Don't call me son bitch.! permalink parent award report block reply
MorningFrost 1 points 3 days ago And Jack that is not a deficit that is a debt. Know the difference weasel. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago The formula for how the administration came up with those numbers to justify supposedly “reciprocal tariffs” was literally: (US trade deficit with a country / US imports from that country) / 2 Not debt. And definitely, unequivocally, not tariffs, as was claimed. Just facts, son. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
HoganT 1 points 3 days ago The formula for how the administration came up with those numbers to justify supposedly “reciprocal tariffs” was literally: (US trade deficit with a country / US imports from that country) / 2 Not debt. And definitely, unequivocally, not tariffs, as was claimed. Just facts, son. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
Hikedelics 3 points 3 days ago Let’s suppose they rule against him, but he says fuck it and keeps them in place any way. Then what? permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 3 points 3 days ago Yeah really Biden did it multiple times with student loan forgiveness they said he couldn't do it he did it anyway multiple times. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago DJT has never done any such thing. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 3 points 3 days ago Yeah really Biden did it multiple times with student loan forgiveness they said he couldn't do it he did it anyway multiple times. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago DJT has never done any such thing. permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 3 points 3 days ago Did they rule already? permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 3 points 3 days ago Have they officially ruled? permalink award report block reply
Logan051361 3 points 3 days ago Has it happened yet? permalink award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 3 points 3 days ago Trump has done tons of posts on stuff like this where he actually won later. permalink award report block reply
NorthTexasPede 3 points 3 days ago Is Trump foreshadowing his backup plan?  Instead of a tariff, it'll be a recurring licensing fee? permalink award report block reply
Squentin 3 points 3 days ago I think the DOJ lawyers sandbagged this one.  They should have used section 301 as their argument.  This is st least the second case that the administration lawyers have tanked on him, the other being the fed commissioner case. permalink award report block reply
ScoobyDum 3 points 3 days ago Top signal for the markets. Economy bubble about to pop and billions of dollars refunded to all countries that aren’t the US. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 3 points 3 days ago RELEVANT https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5A7vX6/stop-worrying-about-trump-losing/c permalink award report block reply alcowiggles 2 points 3 days ago That post was deleted for whatever reason. permalink parent award report block reply
alcowiggles 2 points 3 days ago That post was deleted for whatever reason. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 3 points 3 days ago Well captain obvious, there was a J Robert’s on the list that doesn’t exist. permalink award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 3 points 3 days ago Well, that leaves the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). I guess we will just freeze trade with nations that don't want to trade in good faith. permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 3 days ago Awesome, let’s skyrocket prices for consumers even more. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Hey Hogan, I'm not sure I entirely agree, its more grey IMO, and we have to do something about this massive debt and inflation we had under the past administration. I assume from past conversations that you're a bit more left leaning than the average user here, which is absolutely fine, but I'm curious as to your logic on the matter. What do you propose we do about these issues, just leave it be? Don't tariff the world that does to us? Do you believe trade has been fair? And do not believe that Trump has done a pretty swell job on negotiating deals abroad? Is everything perfect, not at all, but pretty hard to make much change in 11months with the democratic party stonewalls everything. Is it fair to assume you didn't vote for Trump? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago I 100% voted for Trump. Three times. I don’t believe it’s question it’s a swell job, or even what needs to be done. It’s a question of constitutionality. You see, I’m an originalist, like everyone here claims to be anytime someone tries to do something we don’t like. But I also have integrity and moral consistency. So, I don’t abandon my morals and beliefs when it conflicts with what I DO want. If it’s okay for us to abandon and ignore the constitution to do what we’d like, then it’s okay for the dems to do so. All we had to do was not use the emergency powers act for it, because deficits aren’t emergencies, not flat out lie about why we’re doing it, because none of what was listed on that big chart of nations to justify it were actually tariffs at all, not tariff uninhabited islands, not brag about the revenue were generating, and actually enact a rational tariff policy inside the very real and viable avenues that were legally granted to us. But no, we needed to act like there are no constraints on us, the unitary executive theory is real and not just a new novel idea, and that we can do whatever we want however we want. When we can’t. And now we’re going to get destroyed in the midterms for it and many other things. Congratulations. It’s worked out “swell”. Enjoy the hyperbolic, hyperventilating, desperate truth social posts completely separated from reality. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago You must be young or not spent much time around rural old folks. Swell, when used as an adjective, simply means very well, so no need for quotations. You typically reserve that for single words when the original author did something grammatically incorrect so that you can use it in the original fashion, IMO. Anywho... If you truly are a constitutional fundamentalist, I understand your complaints. But to think nothing needs be done after the past administration ran the debt and inflation to the moon, while allowing the world to fuck us with a roll of quarters, I have trouble relating. Sure, using the IEEPA to impose tariffs is not part of that act (and you're right, that is unconstitutional, but I was kind of pointing out how this can get more extreme), and it does beg the question on why he didn't use Section 301/232. I think the answer is simply speed and simplicity. So let me ask, did you assume doom and gloom earlier this year when the tariffs were big in the news and stocks plummeted, or did you dump your entire margin account into more stocks; I took the latter option and I'm quite pleased. And encase you're wondering, no, I'm not rich, I just invest a portion of my checks so that I maybe able to retire before 120. If you are an originalist, than you probably have many complaints about the past administration; I just can't seem to find them in your message history. I must say, I do agree with you on the rising concern on the right escalating to violence, I've been trying to calm that down for a bit, but if you are on the right, I'm sure you empathize with the anger and why its growing, but still oppose it and that is fine. It does seem like you're a cheerleader for the ACA, something I think was unconstitutional as well, served the special interests of insurance companies, and has ruined premiums and deductables. The extension that came in the Biden years, such as removing the 400% FPL limit, was just asinine. You kind of fail to recognize that the past administration set a precedent, and it would seem the left is willing to do anything to win. If you don't think this is bipartisan issue that followed years of abuse from the left, than I do question your intentions, but if your saying don't become the thing you hate, than I agree. If you have the same complaint about the left, than I get it, you're just one of those hard-ass fundamentalists that thinks a 300 year document is infallible (and I get it). I personally wish it was, and I'd certainly like to see amendments made over just ignoring it, but you gotta realize that we are in troubling times, call it soft cultural conflict that could get worse, and nobody is playing by the rules anymore. Also, highly doubt the right is going to get destroyed in the midterms, have you seen the democratic party polling numbers? They are a wreck, in recent polling of Harris voters, they have no idea who is running the party. If we lose the midterms it will be more election interference BS. If you're truly a constitutional fundamentalist, well we need those, but I also think you maybe a little too idealist for reality. And yes, I'll enjoy my hyperventilating from the comfort of my rural property while you city folk tear each other apart. I'll catch all the action on WPD while eating popcorn. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 3 days ago Awesome, let’s skyrocket prices for consumers even more. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Hey Hogan, I'm not sure I entirely agree, its more grey IMO, and we have to do something about this massive debt and inflation we had under the past administration. I assume from past conversations that you're a bit more left leaning than the average user here, which is absolutely fine, but I'm curious as to your logic on the matter. What do you propose we do about these issues, just leave it be? Don't tariff the world that does to us? Do you believe trade has been fair? And do not believe that Trump has done a pretty swell job on negotiating deals abroad? Is everything perfect, not at all, but pretty hard to make much change in 11months with the democratic party stonewalls everything. Is it fair to assume you didn't vote for Trump? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago I 100% voted for Trump. Three times. I don’t believe it’s question it’s a swell job, or even what needs to be done. It’s a question of constitutionality. You see, I’m an originalist, like everyone here claims to be anytime someone tries to do something we don’t like. But I also have integrity and moral consistency. So, I don’t abandon my morals and beliefs when it conflicts with what I DO want. If it’s okay for us to abandon and ignore the constitution to do what we’d like, then it’s okay for the dems to do so. All we had to do was not use the emergency powers act for it, because deficits aren’t emergencies, not flat out lie about why we’re doing it, because none of what was listed on that big chart of nations to justify it were actually tariffs at all, not tariff uninhabited islands, not brag about the revenue were generating, and actually enact a rational tariff policy inside the very real and viable avenues that were legally granted to us. But no, we needed to act like there are no constraints on us, the unitary executive theory is real and not just a new novel idea, and that we can do whatever we want however we want. When we can’t. And now we’re going to get destroyed in the midterms for it and many other things. Congratulations. It’s worked out “swell”. Enjoy the hyperbolic, hyperventilating, desperate truth social posts completely separated from reality. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago You must be young or not spent much time around rural old folks. Swell, when used as an adjective, simply means very well, so no need for quotations. You typically reserve that for single words when the original author did something grammatically incorrect so that you can use it in the original fashion, IMO. Anywho... If you truly are a constitutional fundamentalist, I understand your complaints. But to think nothing needs be done after the past administration ran the debt and inflation to the moon, while allowing the world to fuck us with a roll of quarters, I have trouble relating. Sure, using the IEEPA to impose tariffs is not part of that act (and you're right, that is unconstitutional, but I was kind of pointing out how this can get more extreme), and it does beg the question on why he didn't use Section 301/232. I think the answer is simply speed and simplicity. So let me ask, did you assume doom and gloom earlier this year when the tariffs were big in the news and stocks plummeted, or did you dump your entire margin account into more stocks; I took the latter option and I'm quite pleased. And encase you're wondering, no, I'm not rich, I just invest a portion of my checks so that I maybe able to retire before 120. If you are an originalist, than you probably have many complaints about the past administration; I just can't seem to find them in your message history. I must say, I do agree with you on the rising concern on the right escalating to violence, I've been trying to calm that down for a bit, but if you are on the right, I'm sure you empathize with the anger and why its growing, but still oppose it and that is fine. It does seem like you're a cheerleader for the ACA, something I think was unconstitutional as well, served the special interests of insurance companies, and has ruined premiums and deductables. The extension that came in the Biden years, such as removing the 400% FPL limit, was just asinine. You kind of fail to recognize that the past administration set a precedent, and it would seem the left is willing to do anything to win. If you don't think this is bipartisan issue that followed years of abuse from the left, than I do question your intentions, but if your saying don't become the thing you hate, than I agree. If you have the same complaint about the left, than I get it, you're just one of those hard-ass fundamentalists that thinks a 300 year document is infallible (and I get it). I personally wish it was, and I'd certainly like to see amendments made over just ignoring it, but you gotta realize that we are in troubling times, call it soft cultural conflict that could get worse, and nobody is playing by the rules anymore. Also, highly doubt the right is going to get destroyed in the midterms, have you seen the democratic party polling numbers? They are a wreck, in recent polling of Harris voters, they have no idea who is running the party. If we lose the midterms it will be more election interference BS. If you're truly a constitutional fundamentalist, well we need those, but I also think you maybe a little too idealist for reality. And yes, I'll enjoy my hyperventilating from the comfort of my rural property while you city folk tear each other apart. I'll catch all the action on WPD while eating popcorn. permalink parent award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Hey Hogan, I'm not sure I entirely agree, its more grey IMO, and we have to do something about this massive debt and inflation we had under the past administration. I assume from past conversations that you're a bit more left leaning than the average user here, which is absolutely fine, but I'm curious as to your logic on the matter. What do you propose we do about these issues, just leave it be? Don't tariff the world that does to us? Do you believe trade has been fair? And do not believe that Trump has done a pretty swell job on negotiating deals abroad? Is everything perfect, not at all, but pretty hard to make much change in 11months with the democratic party stonewalls everything. Is it fair to assume you didn't vote for Trump? permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 1 points 3 days ago I 100% voted for Trump. Three times. I don’t believe it’s question it’s a swell job, or even what needs to be done. It’s a question of constitutionality. You see, I’m an originalist, like everyone here claims to be anytime someone tries to do something we don’t like. But I also have integrity and moral consistency. So, I don’t abandon my morals and beliefs when it conflicts with what I DO want. If it’s okay for us to abandon and ignore the constitution to do what we’d like, then it’s okay for the dems to do so. All we had to do was not use the emergency powers act for it, because deficits aren’t emergencies, not flat out lie about why we’re doing it, because none of what was listed on that big chart of nations to justify it were actually tariffs at all, not tariff uninhabited islands, not brag about the revenue were generating, and actually enact a rational tariff policy inside the very real and viable avenues that were legally granted to us. But no, we needed to act like there are no constraints on us, the unitary executive theory is real and not just a new novel idea, and that we can do whatever we want however we want. When we can’t. And now we’re going to get destroyed in the midterms for it and many other things. Congratulations. It’s worked out “swell”. Enjoy the hyperbolic, hyperventilating, desperate truth social posts completely separated from reality. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago You must be young or not spent much time around rural old folks. Swell, when used as an adjective, simply means very well, so no need for quotations. You typically reserve that for single words when the original author did something grammatically incorrect so that you can use it in the original fashion, IMO. Anywho... If you truly are a constitutional fundamentalist, I understand your complaints. But to think nothing needs be done after the past administration ran the debt and inflation to the moon, while allowing the world to fuck us with a roll of quarters, I have trouble relating. Sure, using the IEEPA to impose tariffs is not part of that act (and you're right, that is unconstitutional, but I was kind of pointing out how this can get more extreme), and it does beg the question on why he didn't use Section 301/232. I think the answer is simply speed and simplicity. So let me ask, did you assume doom and gloom earlier this year when the tariffs were big in the news and stocks plummeted, or did you dump your entire margin account into more stocks; I took the latter option and I'm quite pleased. And encase you're wondering, no, I'm not rich, I just invest a portion of my checks so that I maybe able to retire before 120. If you are an originalist, than you probably have many complaints about the past administration; I just can't seem to find them in your message history. I must say, I do agree with you on the rising concern on the right escalating to violence, I've been trying to calm that down for a bit, but if you are on the right, I'm sure you empathize with the anger and why its growing, but still oppose it and that is fine. It does seem like you're a cheerleader for the ACA, something I think was unconstitutional as well, served the special interests of insurance companies, and has ruined premiums and deductables. The extension that came in the Biden years, such as removing the 400% FPL limit, was just asinine. You kind of fail to recognize that the past administration set a precedent, and it would seem the left is willing to do anything to win. If you don't think this is bipartisan issue that followed years of abuse from the left, than I do question your intentions, but if your saying don't become the thing you hate, than I agree. If you have the same complaint about the left, than I get it, you're just one of those hard-ass fundamentalists that thinks a 300 year document is infallible (and I get it). I personally wish it was, and I'd certainly like to see amendments made over just ignoring it, but you gotta realize that we are in troubling times, call it soft cultural conflict that could get worse, and nobody is playing by the rules anymore. Also, highly doubt the right is going to get destroyed in the midterms, have you seen the democratic party polling numbers? They are a wreck, in recent polling of Harris voters, they have no idea who is running the party. If we lose the midterms it will be more election interference BS. If you're truly a constitutional fundamentalist, well we need those, but I also think you maybe a little too idealist for reality. And yes, I'll enjoy my hyperventilating from the comfort of my rural property while you city folk tear each other apart. I'll catch all the action on WPD while eating popcorn. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 3 days ago I 100% voted for Trump. Three times. I don’t believe it’s question it’s a swell job, or even what needs to be done. It’s a question of constitutionality. You see, I’m an originalist, like everyone here claims to be anytime someone tries to do something we don’t like. But I also have integrity and moral consistency. So, I don’t abandon my morals and beliefs when it conflicts with what I DO want. If it’s okay for us to abandon and ignore the constitution to do what we’d like, then it’s okay for the dems to do so. All we had to do was not use the emergency powers act for it, because deficits aren’t emergencies, not flat out lie about why we’re doing it, because none of what was listed on that big chart of nations to justify it were actually tariffs at all, not tariff uninhabited islands, not brag about the revenue were generating, and actually enact a rational tariff policy inside the very real and viable avenues that were legally granted to us. But no, we needed to act like there are no constraints on us, the unitary executive theory is real and not just a new novel idea, and that we can do whatever we want however we want. When we can’t. And now we’re going to get destroyed in the midterms for it and many other things. Congratulations. It’s worked out “swell”. Enjoy the hyperbolic, hyperventilating, desperate truth social posts completely separated from reality. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago You must be young or not spent much time around rural old folks. Swell, when used as an adjective, simply means very well, so no need for quotations. You typically reserve that for single words when the original author did something grammatically incorrect so that you can use it in the original fashion, IMO. Anywho... If you truly are a constitutional fundamentalist, I understand your complaints. But to think nothing needs be done after the past administration ran the debt and inflation to the moon, while allowing the world to fuck us with a roll of quarters, I have trouble relating. Sure, using the IEEPA to impose tariffs is not part of that act (and you're right, that is unconstitutional, but I was kind of pointing out how this can get more extreme), and it does beg the question on why he didn't use Section 301/232. I think the answer is simply speed and simplicity. So let me ask, did you assume doom and gloom earlier this year when the tariffs were big in the news and stocks plummeted, or did you dump your entire margin account into more stocks; I took the latter option and I'm quite pleased. And encase you're wondering, no, I'm not rich, I just invest a portion of my checks so that I maybe able to retire before 120. If you are an originalist, than you probably have many complaints about the past administration; I just can't seem to find them in your message history. I must say, I do agree with you on the rising concern on the right escalating to violence, I've been trying to calm that down for a bit, but if you are on the right, I'm sure you empathize with the anger and why its growing, but still oppose it and that is fine. It does seem like you're a cheerleader for the ACA, something I think was unconstitutional as well, served the special interests of insurance companies, and has ruined premiums and deductables. The extension that came in the Biden years, such as removing the 400% FPL limit, was just asinine. You kind of fail to recognize that the past administration set a precedent, and it would seem the left is willing to do anything to win. If you don't think this is bipartisan issue that followed years of abuse from the left, than I do question your intentions, but if your saying don't become the thing you hate, than I agree. If you have the same complaint about the left, than I get it, you're just one of those hard-ass fundamentalists that thinks a 300 year document is infallible (and I get it). I personally wish it was, and I'd certainly like to see amendments made over just ignoring it, but you gotta realize that we are in troubling times, call it soft cultural conflict that could get worse, and nobody is playing by the rules anymore. Also, highly doubt the right is going to get destroyed in the midterms, have you seen the democratic party polling numbers? They are a wreck, in recent polling of Harris voters, they have no idea who is running the party. If we lose the midterms it will be more election interference BS. If you're truly a constitutional fundamentalist, well we need those, but I also think you maybe a little too idealist for reality. And yes, I'll enjoy my hyperventilating from the comfort of my rural property while you city folk tear each other apart. I'll catch all the action on WPD while eating popcorn. permalink parent award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago You must be young or not spent much time around rural old folks. Swell, when used as an adjective, simply means very well, so no need for quotations. You typically reserve that for single words when the original author did something grammatically incorrect so that you can use it in the original fashion, IMO. Anywho... If you truly are a constitutional fundamentalist, I understand your complaints. But to think nothing needs be done after the past administration ran the debt and inflation to the moon, while allowing the world to fuck us with a roll of quarters, I have trouble relating. Sure, using the IEEPA to impose tariffs is not part of that act (and you're right, that is unconstitutional, but I was kind of pointing out how this can get more extreme), and it does beg the question on why he didn't use Section 301/232. I think the answer is simply speed and simplicity. So let me ask, did you assume doom and gloom earlier this year when the tariffs were big in the news and stocks plummeted, or did you dump your entire margin account into more stocks; I took the latter option and I'm quite pleased. And encase you're wondering, no, I'm not rich, I just invest a portion of my checks so that I maybe able to retire before 120. If you are an originalist, than you probably have many complaints about the past administration; I just can't seem to find them in your message history. I must say, I do agree with you on the rising concern on the right escalating to violence, I've been trying to calm that down for a bit, but if you are on the right, I'm sure you empathize with the anger and why its growing, but still oppose it and that is fine. It does seem like you're a cheerleader for the ACA, something I think was unconstitutional as well, served the special interests of insurance companies, and has ruined premiums and deductables. The extension that came in the Biden years, such as removing the 400% FPL limit, was just asinine. You kind of fail to recognize that the past administration set a precedent, and it would seem the left is willing to do anything to win. If you don't think this is bipartisan issue that followed years of abuse from the left, than I do question your intentions, but if your saying don't become the thing you hate, than I agree. If you have the same complaint about the left, than I get it, you're just one of those hard-ass fundamentalists that thinks a 300 year document is infallible (and I get it). I personally wish it was, and I'd certainly like to see amendments made over just ignoring it, but you gotta realize that we are in troubling times, call it soft cultural conflict that could get worse, and nobody is playing by the rules anymore. Also, highly doubt the right is going to get destroyed in the midterms, have you seen the democratic party polling numbers? They are a wreck, in recent polling of Harris voters, they have no idea who is running the party. If we lose the midterms it will be more election interference BS. If you're truly a constitutional fundamentalist, well we need those, but I also think you maybe a little too idealist for reality. And yes, I'll enjoy my hyperventilating from the comfort of my rural property while you city folk tear each other apart. I'll catch all the action on WPD while eating popcorn. permalink parent award report block reply
JuniorMints 3 points 3 days ago The fundamental question regarding when is a Tax Not a Tax was questionably resolved to pass Obama Care. Here it is again with an impact on Tariffs permalink award report block reply
Dallasguy 3 points 3 days ago It's clear that President Trump is legally staying in his lane, but it's equally clear that he isn't doing as many things that are within his oversight as are needed. permalink award report block reply
lolpaladins 3 points 3 days ago nuclear option. STOP ALL TRADE until the globalists relent. permalink award report block reply
hoopinfloyd 2 points 3 days ago Congrats everyone needs a license then at a daily or per product rate permalink award report block reply
LessSwampMoreMAGA 2 points 3 days ago Not the first time SCOTUS causes a civil war. permalink award report block reply
Nanteen 2 points 3 days ago That's the way they want it. Stop all trade with these countries. Let's see who's begging for tariffs then permalink award report block reply
CanadianTrump2 2 points 3 days ago Should have cared about pedophiles trump. Now you gonna struggle in midterms and lose all your power. Sucks permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean at this point Trump has... ...deported more people.
...tariffs.
...fired some folks via DOGE. As far as upside (I am listing tariffs under upside because it got some letters of intention from countries regarding trade and I think a few deals) I mean if those things above are good for you then really keep going; I am disappointed the bad guys are generally all gonna walk and the whole Epstien amnesia bothers me but shrugs permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I mean at this point Trump has... ...deported more people.
...tariffs.
...fired some folks via DOGE. As far as upside (I am listing tariffs under upside because it got some letters of intention from countries regarding trade and I think a few deals) I mean if those things above are good for you then really keep going; I am disappointed the bad guys are generally all gonna walk and the whole Epstien amnesia bothers me but shrugs permalink parent award report block reply
MagaChamp253 2 points 3 days ago It only matter if YOU LISTEN TO THEM. permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 3 days ago These seem to be cut of the nose to spite the face times. I guess Trump needs to cut off trade. permalink award report block reply
SonofAnu 2 points 3 days ago Just start going to their houses like leftists do and assault them, they don’t care what we say because collectively we never do anything that frightens them. permalink award report block reply
MAGA-Fett 2 points 3 days ago Meh. The Justices were skeptical because the law doesn’t have the exact word “tariffs” or “taxes”, yet it does say “regulate”. How the hell else does the government “regulate”? Through punitive actions like taxes. permalink award report block reply
Heavens2MAGAtroid 2 points 3 days ago Supreme Court Retards of the United Morons SCROTUM permalink award report block reply
Kilroy 2 points 3 days ago The Government is entirely overran with Communist, the Judicial branch is in engaging in an overreach of their lawful authority never imagined by the founders. I've been getting donation request 5 times a day from various Congressmen, telling me they can't fix anything unless I send them some money. Sedation is a felony and it's punishable by execution. DOJ has stated various times anybody engaged in impeding Federal efforts to enforce Federal laws will be prosecuted. The Democrats are openly developing an App to help illegal aliens evade capture. A recently elected democrat has openly admitted to being an illegal alien. As the country devolves slowly into chaos, with isolated instances of open warfare breaking out, Congress hesitates to break tradition and actually do their job. Instead, my representatives spend their time writing me donation request. Who says history doesn't repeat itself? It's almost 1864. Do not despair,  God is in control, he remembers the faithful. I believe he will save this country, in spite itself. permalink award report block reply
Chachiex 2 points 3 days ago FOREIGN INFLUENCE permalink award report block reply
RealmanPwns 2 points 3 days ago What makes him believe they are going to rule against? I haven't seen anything? permalink award report block reply booga 2 points 3 days ago It does sound like they're going to rule against him, at least based on what has been asked by the supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards 1 points 3 days ago It's a warning shot permalink parent award report block reply
booga 2 points 3 days ago It does sound like they're going to rule against him, at least based on what has been asked by the supreme court. permalink parent award report block reply
LibsRTards 1 points 3 days ago It's a warning shot permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 2 points 3 days ago DJT selected 3/9 of them, and Clarence Thomas and Alito are solid, so the votes should all be there. This all is on Trump one way or another. He needs to stop whining and fix it. permalink award report block reply Urusovite 2 points 3 days ago Yup. Just like he screams about the senate and the filibuster, but he keeps congratulating Thune and all these RINO fags who hold him back. permalink parent award report block reply
Urusovite 2 points 3 days ago Yup. Just like he screams about the senate and the filibuster, but he keeps congratulating Thune and all these RINO fags who hold him back. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 3 days ago So fuck em. Call their bluff. 100% shutdown of all goods. Unless they remove their tariffs or agree to whatever. China sure makes all our shit including medicine but a 100% embargo would cause devastation in 30days. permalink award report block reply
Chungus53 2 points 3 days ago At this point, just liquidate the judiciary and sort things out. They want to hand the country over to the worst of the far left, and we have no obligation to treat these rotten bastards as legitimate. It's disobey or die. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 2 points 3 days ago That doesn’t sound like normal Trump.  Like an intern wrote it. permalink award report block reply
Auserr 1 points 3 days ago And yet he is keeping all of the tariff fees. Look around you, where exactly is the prosperity? permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oncoming bribe. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Oncoming bribe. permalink parent award report block reply
Tophat9000 1 points 3 days ago Has a ruling come down ? permalink award report block reply
Tophat9000 1 points 3 days ago So the reciprocal can be done if he can stop all trade he simply stops all trades with the countries until Congress puts on the tariff he wants permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 3 days ago Globohomo is Trying DESPERATELY to create another Depression and blame Trump for it!  If they use their compromised Supreme Court Justices to INVALIDATE Trump's tariffs, there goes trade deal and any hope of recovery!  We already know they have the Fed, being faggots and keeping interest rates high AF!  Why haven't Roberts and Gorcuk been arrested yet? permalink award report block reply
Cville123 1 points 3 days ago Stop all trade unless they voluntarily agree. permalink award report block reply
MOLON-LABE 1 points 3 days ago Hold them accountable. permalink award report block reply
deleted 1 points 3 days ago deleted 1 points 3 days ago deleted 1 points 3 days ago
deleted 1 points 3 days ago deleted 1 points 3 days ago
deleted 1 points 3 days ago
thxpk 1 points 3 days ago Skeptical questions from scotus didn’t worry me, but his post does because it means he must have some insider knowledge permalink award report block reply
Shibbs70 1 points 3 days ago Then CEASE ALL TRADE and see how that goes, for us AND the world. WE SHOULD GO ALL IN, THESE MOTHER FUCKERS!!! permalink award report block reply
NebraskanPatriot 1 points 3 days ago Well, it's actually EXACTLY what the founders had in mind. The power to levy taxes rests with Congress.  It's not a debatable point.  It's what the Founders wanted, and hence, is stated explicitly in our Constitution. permalink award report block reply happyfave 0 points 3 days ago Yawn permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave 0 points 3 days ago Yawn permalink parent award report block reply
Smokin11 1 points 3 days ago Let’s make the Supreme Court elected positions. That way the American people can have a say in the real power. /s permalink award report block reply
MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 3 days ago So what's next if they stop him from using them? permalink award report block reply Logan051361 3 points 3 days ago On the business Channel they said he has other methods he could use, but did not say what that was permalink parent award report block reply
Logan051361 3 points 3 days ago On the business Channel they said he has other methods he could use, but did not say what that was permalink parent award report block reply
clownworld30330 1 points 3 days ago Did the court issue a ruling? permalink award report block reply
Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 3 days ago Why doesnt Congress solidify these tariffs??? permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 2 points 3 days ago Because they don't want anything getting done. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 2 points 3 days ago Because they don't want anything getting done. permalink parent award report block reply
Inficant 1 points 3 days ago They said he couldn't use this particular act as the predicate. Not that he couldn't use tariffs. There are other reasons and ways to adjust tariffs. permalink award report block reply thxpk 1 points 3 days ago They havent said anything yet permalink parent award report block reply Inficant 1 points 3 days ago Ah, the article I read was subtly phrased as "if they rule". I thought they had not ruled on it yet. permalink parent award report block reply
thxpk 1 points 3 days ago They havent said anything yet permalink parent award report block reply Inficant 1 points 3 days ago Ah, the article I read was subtly phrased as "if they rule". I thought they had not ruled on it yet. permalink parent award report block reply
Inficant 1 points 3 days ago Ah, the article I read was subtly phrased as "if they rule". I thought they had not ruled on it yet. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaRichAgain 1 points 3 days ago Time to ban all trade with all countries permalink award report block reply
justnoticingthings 1 points 3 days ago END H-1B FIRST then deal with the minor, bullshit inflation-causing, supply-chain wrecking tariff NONSENSE SECOND!!! FFS?!!  WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING?  AMERICAN LIVES are being destroyed by H-1B invaders!  GET YOUR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT TRUMP! permalink award report block reply
PepePinochet 1 points 3 days ago So an "all-or-notning" sort of deal? I guess then we'll have to go with "all" then. permalink award report block reply
Emodius 1 points 3 days ago Wait did he lose the case? I thought it wasn't over yet permalink award report block reply
lizardo221 1 points 3 days ago You know he is just going to take another route on this. permalink award report block reply
Cyberpunkd 1 points 3 days ago Get creative.  Find another way.  Better yet,  just ignore the cucks on SCOTUS like Biden did. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 3 days ago WEF wins again permalink award report block reply
TexasBrowncoat 1 points 3 days ago They had sex at Fort Knox with a bunch of Gold Diggers... permalink award report block reply
MocksFordComma 1 points 3 days ago So stop all trade. permalink award report block reply
spinometer2 1 points 3 days ago this would be disastrous permalink award report block reply
Rango 1 points 3 days ago Better send more billions to Ukraine. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 3 days ago Wonder if it brings on fiat currency collapse? permalink award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 3 days ago Impotent old man anger permalink award report block reply mailinvoter -3 points 3 days ago Gay leftard faggotry permalink parent award report block reply magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago Trump is NOT Taking "last chance to save country" voters elected him w/ mandate. permalink parent award report block reply mailinvoter 0 points 3 days ago Oh, so everything Trump has done doesn't mean shit to you because???? If the answer is anything but you fucking losers are just overgrown man babies that expect the world from trump without assisting in any way, then you're living a lie. permalink parent award report block reply
mailinvoter -3 points 3 days ago Gay leftard faggotry permalink parent award report block reply magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago Trump is NOT Taking "last chance to save country" voters elected him w/ mandate. permalink parent award report block reply mailinvoter 0 points 3 days ago Oh, so everything Trump has done doesn't mean shit to you because???? If the answer is anything but you fucking losers are just overgrown man babies that expect the world from trump without assisting in any way, then you're living a lie. permalink parent award report block reply
magaMC117 0 points 3 days ago Trump is NOT Taking "last chance to save country" voters elected him w/ mandate. permalink parent award report block reply mailinvoter 0 points 3 days ago Oh, so everything Trump has done doesn't mean shit to you because???? If the answer is anything but you fucking losers are just overgrown man babies that expect the world from trump without assisting in any way, then you're living a lie. permalink parent award report block reply
mailinvoter 0 points 3 days ago Oh, so everything Trump has done doesn't mean shit to you because???? If the answer is anything but you fucking losers are just overgrown man babies that expect the world from trump without assisting in any way, then you're living a lie. permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 1 points 3 days ago orange man bad apparently , let's fuck the country over to get one over him right permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 3 days ago Make them enforce their order.  Andrew Jackson permalink award report block reply
Bramage 1 points 3 days ago 47 has GOT to stop listening to biased activist overstepping judges. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 0 points 3 days ago So we lost the tariff case. permalink award report block reply
DiamondDroid 0 points 3 days ago Won't it be sad if something happened to six of the justices and we get six new scoops of new justices that actually riule on law and not feefees and blackmail. permalink award report block reply
Canadiapede7 0 points 3 days ago When the west falls we can blame faggot judges and the people who allowed them to hold the power they have. All forms of Democracy are a sham, not because there are retards (those are easy to deal with) no, it is because all forms of democracy have been completely overrun by judicial fuckery. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 3 days ago Never hire a woman for a man’s job permalink award report block reply
xanax123 -1 points 3 days ago The problem is that Trump started using tariffs in retaliation or to strong arm other countries. Personally I’m fine with this but it hurt his argument that the tariffs were necessary due to an economic emergency. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Aye...thats the thing - had he not been doing the world tour of "you hurt my feelings; have some tariffs" and constantly going on about tariffs making the US rich; he could have made the argument that the function was to deal with trade issues - but even Lutnik told congress I think that even if tomorrow everyone had 0 tariffs on the US that they still would have to pay a tariff. permalink parent award report block reply magaMC117 -1 points 3 days ago 💯
Trump shot himself the face w/ shotgun permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago Aye...thats the thing - had he not been doing the world tour of "you hurt my feelings; have some tariffs" and constantly going on about tariffs making the US rich; he could have made the argument that the function was to deal with trade issues - but even Lutnik told congress I think that even if tomorrow everyone had 0 tariffs on the US that they still would have to pay a tariff. permalink parent award report block reply
magaMC117 -1 points 3 days ago 💯
Trump shot himself the face w/ shotgun permalink parent award report block reply
Urusovite -1 points 3 days ago Because he's such a pussy and too afraid to play dirty, he is about to lose everything. Oh well. permalink award report block reply
Klaus73 -1 points 3 days ago Trump was warned about this long ago. The crux of the argument is that you cannot have the president controlling the countries revenue streams; separation of powers and all that. Otherwise the president would actually have complete control of the government by simply controlling all income and essentially dictate taxes. That's what the framers were afraid of; a king. permalink award report block reply
magaMC117 -1 points 3 days ago WRONG, Trump Bigly FUCKED up by using the Tariffs as sanctions e.g. India for buying RU oil, Brazil for illegally imprisoning BR ex prez Jair Bolsonaro, Cand more than once for leverage & others I can't think of now. PRAY SCOTUS not force repayments permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I doubt SCOTUS will require repayments - however some folks might sue to recoup costs. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 3 days ago I doubt SCOTUS will require repayments - however some folks might sue to recoup costs. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever -2 points 3 days ago People rooting for them to be shot down will regret it. Because IF the tariffs are reduced or shot down, interest rates will drop and the economy will skyrocket. Trump is right that we have to deal with unfair trade deals, but I wish he'd go about it more gradually as the cost of living is really high right now and that's the #1 issue for most voters. permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago People rooting for them to be shot down will regret it. Because IF the tariffs are reduced or shot down, interest rates will drop and the economy will skyrocket. Briefly, but any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two, so it would be short lived at best. Trump is right that we have to deal with unfair trade deals, but I wish he'd go about it more gradually as the cost of living is really high right now and that's the #1 issue for most voters. We will never have deflation, the COL is never coming back down.  Anyone who thinks that expenses are going to decrease are fools.  Trump has stemmed the bleeding but we will never see negative inflation numbers, nor would Trump want that permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago You say:
any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two However our markets have been wide open for decades, the industries we have left have figured it out and would not be decimated. SOME tariffs are ok but he's going too far too fast. We just got our asses kicked in NJ, VA, etc. A big part is because our side is tone deaf on cost of living. Of course the Dems won't help in this area- they caused most of the problem in the first place- but we'll get crushed in the midterms if we don't wake up. All this foreign policy stuff isn't going to help win over the average voter. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago That's not true there's been tariffs on lots of things like steel.  Trump has increased them.  But those tariffs have existed for a long time permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago Some tariffs do make sense. What I'm saying is Trump has gone too high too fast...if the tariffs were revoked, the economy would soar giving us 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago People rooting for them to be shot down will regret it. Because IF the tariffs are reduced or shot down, interest rates will drop and the economy will skyrocket. Briefly, but any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two, so it would be short lived at best. Trump is right that we have to deal with unfair trade deals, but I wish he'd go about it more gradually as the cost of living is really high right now and that's the #1 issue for most voters. We will never have deflation, the COL is never coming back down.  Anyone who thinks that expenses are going to decrease are fools.  Trump has stemmed the bleeding but we will never see negative inflation numbers, nor would Trump want that permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago You say:
any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two However our markets have been wide open for decades, the industries we have left have figured it out and would not be decimated. SOME tariffs are ok but he's going too far too fast. We just got our asses kicked in NJ, VA, etc. A big part is because our side is tone deaf on cost of living. Of course the Dems won't help in this area- they caused most of the problem in the first place- but we'll get crushed in the midterms if we don't wake up. All this foreign policy stuff isn't going to help win over the average voter. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago That's not true there's been tariffs on lots of things like steel.  Trump has increased them.  But those tariffs have existed for a long time permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago Some tariffs do make sense. What I'm saying is Trump has gone too high too fast...if the tariffs were revoked, the economy would soar giving us 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago You say:
any remaining US industry would be decimated within a year or two However our markets have been wide open for decades, the industries we have left have figured it out and would not be decimated. SOME tariffs are ok but he's going too far too fast. We just got our asses kicked in NJ, VA, etc. A big part is because our side is tone deaf on cost of living. Of course the Dems won't help in this area- they caused most of the problem in the first place- but we'll get crushed in the midterms if we don't wake up. All this foreign policy stuff isn't going to help win over the average voter. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago That's not true there's been tariffs on lots of things like steel.  Trump has increased them.  But those tariffs have existed for a long time permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago Some tariffs do make sense. What I'm saying is Trump has gone too high too fast...if the tariffs were revoked, the economy would soar giving us 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago That's not true there's been tariffs on lots of things like steel.  Trump has increased them.  But those tariffs have existed for a long time permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago Some tariffs do make sense. What I'm saying is Trump has gone too high too fast...if the tariffs were revoked, the economy would soar giving us 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago Some tariffs do make sense. What I'm saying is Trump has gone too high too fast...if the tariffs were revoked, the economy would soar giving us 2026 and 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback -3 points 3 days ago Andrew Jackson just ignored the Supreme Court. Trump isn't even 1% the man Andrew Jackson was. permalink award report block reply happyfave 1 points 3 days ago Retarded permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave 1 points 3 days ago Retarded permalink parent award report block reply
DCYR66 -3 points 3 days ago It’s all downhill from here folks. The swamp is successfully stopping Trump at every turn because he will not go around corrupt judges. So we will not see any improvement for the rest of the term andnthey will cheat back into power in 2026 and 2028. The country is toast face it. permalink award report block reply DaemonKrog 1 points 3 days ago Shut up, doomer. permalink parent award report block reply DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago 🖕downvote this permalink parent award report block reply
DaemonKrog 1 points 3 days ago Shut up, doomer. permalink parent award report block reply
DCYR66 1 points 3 days ago 🖕downvote this permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change -22 points 3 days ago The US Constitution serves as the "law of the land".  Pretty simple.  The Founding Fathers did not want taxation without representation, thus the power to levy taxes was given to the Congress; except under specific circumstances.  Whether or not DJT realizes it, he is advocating against the US Constitution. permalink award report block reply MrJinxy 18 points 3 days ago A tariff is not a tax. A tax is unavoidable by citizen. A tariff is completely avoidable. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 6 points 3 days ago This is key. Please explain this to u/hogant the fucking perennial retard permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago No, it’s the reasoning of a 5 year old. A citizen can avoid a sales tax just the same as a country can avoid a tariff, but just not doing that business. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 5 points 3 days ago The difference is importing from foreign countries, which is an external thing vs sales tax, which an entirely internal tax. Tariffs are meant to protect internal markets from outside forces, sales taxes are solely meant to generate revenue for the state. There is a difference between the two. I don’t think “you can avoid it” is the right answer, but there is a clear difference. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago A tariff is a partial tax. It's also not completely avoidable, because there are many products we can't make here at the present time. Try finding a manufacturer here that makes portable dishwashers for example. permalink parent award report block reply MrJinxy 1 points 2 days ago I have two. On the end of my arms. My choice.  I can’t choose to pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 3 days ago You’re an idiot. You can’t avoid a sales tax by not engaging in that business? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago Except sales tax are on every business, so no you can't avoid it. I can just buy my TV from the Jápš instead of the Chïńkś to avoid the tariff permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago The definition of a tax isn’t “a fee you can’t avoid”. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Beachboy1b 10 points 3 days ago That is 100% false. Congress previously delegated the power to impose tariffs specifically to the President, and the SCOTUS has zero standing to challenge this. The USA has been unfairly targeted for
YEARS, and these tariffs are more than legal. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 6 points 3 days ago A tariff is not a tax.  A tax is a tax.   By that logic every trade deal is a tax.  Whether a tariff is explicitly applied  from our side of the deal or the other, there are costs to doing trade and each side weighs the costs and benefits and makes a deal accordingly.  Should we eliminate all trade?  If that’s where we’re going then let’s just say it and I’ll ride along, but pretending that negotiating deals is a tax is retarded. permalink parent award report block reply Juantinntwo 5 points 3 days ago Our Tariffs are not placed on American products. The founding fathers were not arguing on behalf of foreign representation when we are doing the taxing. Just saying WE won’t be paying shit when we don’t have representation in their government. The FF would have a much bigger problem with one-sided tarriffs than DJT does. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 4 points 3 days ago I have been waiting for justice for 60 years from the US Constitution. Where is it? permalink parent award report block reply Zhongda 4 points 3 days ago I thought the Constitution was for corporations and stock holders to strong arm everyone and everything to make a dollar?  Wait, so you mean it isn't?  Huh.  Learned something new today. /s permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
MrJinxy 18 points 3 days ago A tariff is not a tax. A tax is unavoidable by citizen. A tariff is completely avoidable. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 6 points 3 days ago This is key. Please explain this to u/hogant the fucking perennial retard permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago No, it’s the reasoning of a 5 year old. A citizen can avoid a sales tax just the same as a country can avoid a tariff, but just not doing that business. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 5 points 3 days ago The difference is importing from foreign countries, which is an external thing vs sales tax, which an entirely internal tax. Tariffs are meant to protect internal markets from outside forces, sales taxes are solely meant to generate revenue for the state. There is a difference between the two. I don’t think “you can avoid it” is the right answer, but there is a clear difference. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago A tariff is a partial tax. It's also not completely avoidable, because there are many products we can't make here at the present time. Try finding a manufacturer here that makes portable dishwashers for example. permalink parent award report block reply MrJinxy 1 points 2 days ago I have two. On the end of my arms. My choice.  I can’t choose to pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 3 days ago You’re an idiot. You can’t avoid a sales tax by not engaging in that business? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago Except sales tax are on every business, so no you can't avoid it. I can just buy my TV from the Jápš instead of the Chïńkś to avoid the tariff permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago The definition of a tax isn’t “a fee you can’t avoid”. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Emodius 6 points 3 days ago This is key. Please explain this to u/hogant the fucking perennial retard permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago No, it’s the reasoning of a 5 year old. A citizen can avoid a sales tax just the same as a country can avoid a tariff, but just not doing that business. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 5 points 3 days ago The difference is importing from foreign countries, which is an external thing vs sales tax, which an entirely internal tax. Tariffs are meant to protect internal markets from outside forces, sales taxes are solely meant to generate revenue for the state. There is a difference between the two. I don’t think “you can avoid it” is the right answer, but there is a clear difference. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
HoganT -4 points 3 days ago No, it’s the reasoning of a 5 year old. A citizen can avoid a sales tax just the same as a country can avoid a tariff, but just not doing that business. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 5 points 3 days ago The difference is importing from foreign countries, which is an external thing vs sales tax, which an entirely internal tax. Tariffs are meant to protect internal markets from outside forces, sales taxes are solely meant to generate revenue for the state. There is a difference between the two. I don’t think “you can avoid it” is the right answer, but there is a clear difference. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
lefty295 5 points 3 days ago The difference is importing from foreign countries, which is an external thing vs sales tax, which an entirely internal tax. Tariffs are meant to protect internal markets from outside forces, sales taxes are solely meant to generate revenue for the state. There is a difference between the two. I don’t think “you can avoid it” is the right answer, but there is a clear difference. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
texas4ever 1 points 3 days ago A tariff is a partial tax. It's also not completely avoidable, because there are many products we can't make here at the present time. Try finding a manufacturer here that makes portable dishwashers for example. permalink parent award report block reply MrJinxy 1 points 2 days ago I have two. On the end of my arms. My choice.  I can’t choose to pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply
MrJinxy 1 points 2 days ago I have two. On the end of my arms. My choice.  I can’t choose to pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -3 points 3 days ago You’re an idiot. You can’t avoid a sales tax by not engaging in that business? permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago Except sales tax are on every business, so no you can't avoid it. I can just buy my TV from the Jápš instead of the Chïńkś to avoid the tariff permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago The definition of a tax isn’t “a fee you can’t avoid”. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ianpatrick1966 1 points 3 days ago Except sales tax are on every business, so no you can't avoid it. I can just buy my TV from the Jápš instead of the Chïńkś to avoid the tariff permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -4 points 3 days ago The definition of a tax isn’t “a fee you can’t avoid”. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
HoganT -4 points 3 days ago The definition of a tax isn’t “a fee you can’t avoid”. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Beachboy1b 10 points 3 days ago That is 100% false. Congress previously delegated the power to impose tariffs specifically to the President, and the SCOTUS has zero standing to challenge this. The USA has been unfairly targeted for
YEARS, and these tariffs are more than legal. permalink parent award report block reply
Yignuced 6 points 3 days ago A tariff is not a tax.  A tax is a tax.   By that logic every trade deal is a tax.  Whether a tariff is explicitly applied  from our side of the deal or the other, there are costs to doing trade and each side weighs the costs and benefits and makes a deal accordingly.  Should we eliminate all trade?  If that’s where we’re going then let’s just say it and I’ll ride along, but pretending that negotiating deals is a tax is retarded. permalink parent award report block reply
Juantinntwo 5 points 3 days ago Our Tariffs are not placed on American products. The founding fathers were not arguing on behalf of foreign representation when we are doing the taxing. Just saying WE won’t be paying shit when we don’t have representation in their government. The FF would have a much bigger problem with one-sided tarriffs than DJT does. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 4 points 3 days ago I have been waiting for justice for 60 years from the US Constitution. Where is it? permalink parent award report block reply Zhongda 4 points 3 days ago I thought the Constitution was for corporations and stock holders to strong arm everyone and everything to make a dollar?  Wait, so you mean it isn't?  Huh.  Learned something new today. /s permalink parent award report block reply
Zhongda 4 points 3 days ago I thought the Constitution was for corporations and stock holders to strong arm everyone and everything to make a dollar?  Wait, so you mean it isn't?  Huh.  Learned something new today. /s permalink parent award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply