35 popeyes louisiana kitchen inc seems to need an H-1B and it sounds cushy. (h1bdata.info) posted 8 hours ago by breadbaker 5 comments award share report block h1bdata.info
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save DeepFrozenOcean 4 points 6 hours ago Okay, this is for a commercial kitchen manager. This is a big-time serious job, which requires communication between dozens or hundreds of people, and an actual expertise in the industry. It's developing new recipes and helping design equipment, purchasing and maintaining that equipment. And there are normal kitchen manager duties of predictive supply ordering and efficient production to fulfill orders. How does this require a H-1B? They're not actually considering putting some low-education foreigner in charge of dozens of restaurants' food supply. H-1Bs are the type that save money by not changing gloves. permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 2 points 22 minutes ago There is no American that has expertise in this? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 2 minutes ago I think it's obviously a really desirable job for a lot of people, even if I'm wrong about the size of the kitchen or whatever. ~$160K is a decent salary for Americans, and we learn to wash our hands before getting a job in the culinary industry. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 7 hours ago "Jes, I put cow dung in de secret sauce!  Cow dung is good for all de peoples!" :p permalink award report block reply Greenhills 1 points 1 hour ago Interesting. And worth an extra $100k fee? permalink award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 4 points 6 hours ago Okay, this is for a commercial kitchen manager. This is a big-time serious job, which requires communication between dozens or hundreds of people, and an actual expertise in the industry. It's developing new recipes and helping design equipment, purchasing and maintaining that equipment. And there are normal kitchen manager duties of predictive supply ordering and efficient production to fulfill orders. How does this require a H-1B? They're not actually considering putting some low-education foreigner in charge of dozens of restaurants' food supply. H-1Bs are the type that save money by not changing gloves. permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 2 points 22 minutes ago There is no American that has expertise in this? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 2 minutes ago I think it's obviously a really desirable job for a lot of people, even if I'm wrong about the size of the kitchen or whatever. ~$160K is a decent salary for Americans, and we learn to wash our hands before getting a job in the culinary industry. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker OP 2 points 22 minutes ago There is no American that has expertise in this? permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 2 minutes ago I think it's obviously a really desirable job for a lot of people, even if I'm wrong about the size of the kitchen or whatever. ~$160K is a decent salary for Americans, and we learn to wash our hands before getting a job in the culinary industry. permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 1 points 2 minutes ago I think it's obviously a really desirable job for a lot of people, even if I'm wrong about the size of the kitchen or whatever. ~$160K is a decent salary for Americans, and we learn to wash our hands before getting a job in the culinary industry. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 7 hours ago "Jes, I put cow dung in de secret sauce!  Cow dung is good for all de peoples!" :p permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 1 points 1 hour ago Interesting. And worth an extra $100k fee? permalink award report block reply