641 In the same way communists took over the Democrats, it's time for MAGA Nationalism to take complete control of the Republican party. No more games. No more appeasements. SAVE AMERICA posted 6 days ago by AmannamedRJ 30 comments award share download report block
30 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Grindelwald 16 points 6 days ago Exactly.  MAGA jihad.  Take no prisoners.  Assimilate or get deported.  Halt all VISAs, halt H1B, embargo foreign goods, incentivize investment, oust RINOs any way possible, invoke the communist ban and apply across the country. Need to go scorched earth (within the law) permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 12 points 6 days ago Nahh actually, fuck the law too. If Leftists get back in power (which they will) they will go past the law and you will spend years trying to unfuck it after ruination. Murderous people are taking seats on the left. Fuck the law. Stop them. Break their toys, remove voter fraud and see to it the left NEVER gets the power to hurt us like with Biden or worse again. permalink parent award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 6 days ago Yes because they will ignore the laws to get their results permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago It's way past time for this. If MAGA had been in control for the past several years we wouldn't even be in this situation with illegal aliens and communists in our government. The GOP is just as responsible for this decline as the Democrats are. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago It’s too late?  It’s too late for the government under Trump to take action?  Ok, we should just elect Hakeem and Mamdani to the White House then? I know who is to blame and it started a hundred years ago. But today we have a MAGA admin.  And need to go to war on the enemies of the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago I didn't say too late, I said "past time". Whether it is too late or not remains to be seen, but we should have gone to war against the commies a long time ago. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago Ok agree.  McCarthy tried that and they ridiculed him. Eisenhower had the communist control act which we do not use today. Communists still infiltrated because they change their name and look.  We are too stupid, or corrupt, or lazy to call them out. So frustrating. permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy 9 points 6 days ago MAGA DEUS VULT! 🇺🇲 permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 8 points 6 days ago It's been 10 fucking years permalink award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 6 points 6 days ago I was just thinking that.  I remember this meme on the_donald back in 2015/16 permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 6 days ago “Because you’d be in jail.” Hillary Clinton still free. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 6 points 6 days ago Did those other 2 dragon heads arrest anyone for the crimes they committed because the one on the right locked up and hunted down thousands of Americans and tossed them into cells permalink award report block reply jhewish 4 points 6 days ago You can air that one clip of the Tucker / Cruz interview where he states the main reason he became a senator was to support Israel and it tells you everything you need to know. I think it was the first question he was asked. Just insanity. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 6 days ago Except the whole you have to do the right thing thing permalink award report block reply JasonF84 3 points 6 days ago Past time smh permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 2 points 6 days ago Sounds antiseptic permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 6 days ago MAGA would stand behind Trump 100% if he was to get a MAGA FBI and DOJ and go after the traitors! permalink award report block reply journalist 1 points 6 days ago Kentucky should be the first to go... permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 6 days ago Democrats took over GOP while the Socialist took over Democrats permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 0 points 6 days ago Trump is starting to look like the one on the right with his out of touch food comments. permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 6 days ago You mean the one about food prices for thanksgiving? If so he is absolutely correct.  It’s clearly visible in the southeast. Prices are coming down permalink parent award report block reply Trump2020or4eva 0 points 6 days ago Just 2 more weeks! This board been saying that for 5 years. Everyone you know is conservative. Half of them are MAGA. The country is more conservative than it's ever been. Yet, the democrats are winning elections by landslides with record voter turnout all over the country. If you think we are going to vote ourselves out of this, you have not being paying attention. permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks -1 points 6 days ago I disagree. I want the opposite. I think clear ostracization of the WOKE RIGHT is what we need. The Jew Haters are not Trump Supporters, do not support American values, and are not MAGA. There is no reason to follow a morally and mentally defective minority in Conservatism. They are the Trailer Park Trash and should know their place if unwilling to be civilized men and woman. There is no place for the WOKE RIGHT in mainstream MAGA. permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 2 points 6 days ago "Woke right" A phrase used by Israel-firsters to pretend they give a shit about "American" conservative values as their representatives do everything in their power to styme the first amendment with regards to Israel. Get the FUCK out of here with that trash. Actually, fully, unironically fuck Israel and fuck everyone loyal to it. Fuck the entire middle east. Christ is King. The modern secular Jewish state of Israel is my bitch, your child dick-sucking Rabbis are pedophiles, Muslims are soggy dogs. And Muhammed is a child rapist permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 6 days ago Then stop talking about it and take action.  The precinct strategy showed you the way almost 10 years ago and the majority of people here do Jack shit but complain.   Put up or shut up permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago I WAS the precinct strategy. In fact I was elected twice because of it. What have you done? Action alone means nothing. there has to be a plan which there isn't. With no coordinated plan there can be no reasonable action. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago Press d for doubt bud.  And what I have done is take over my local precinct and get a local county 100% republican for every elected position with good candidates.  You are bitching because it didn’t happen overnight.  It wasn’t broken overnight and won’t be fixed in that time either.  If you aren’t sticking with it then you may as well have not done anything permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago Since you doubt what I said for no reason (it's "x to doubt" by the way, moron) I will dismiss everything you just said. Because I have no reason to believe a bath faith retard like you. It doesn't need to be broken "overnight" the momentum was completely shattered and it was clearly done on purpose. You seem to love it though. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago i don't give a fuck what you think of me dipshit. you are irrelevant and you sound like a pajeet with that name.. do you shit in the street too? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Grindelwald 16 points 6 days ago Exactly.  MAGA jihad.  Take no prisoners.  Assimilate or get deported.  Halt all VISAs, halt H1B, embargo foreign goods, incentivize investment, oust RINOs any way possible, invoke the communist ban and apply across the country. Need to go scorched earth (within the law) permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 12 points 6 days ago Nahh actually, fuck the law too. If Leftists get back in power (which they will) they will go past the law and you will spend years trying to unfuck it after ruination. Murderous people are taking seats on the left. Fuck the law. Stop them. Break their toys, remove voter fraud and see to it the left NEVER gets the power to hurt us like with Biden or worse again. permalink parent award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 6 days ago Yes because they will ignore the laws to get their results permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago It's way past time for this. If MAGA had been in control for the past several years we wouldn't even be in this situation with illegal aliens and communists in our government. The GOP is just as responsible for this decline as the Democrats are. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago It’s too late?  It’s too late for the government under Trump to take action?  Ok, we should just elect Hakeem and Mamdani to the White House then? I know who is to blame and it started a hundred years ago. But today we have a MAGA admin.  And need to go to war on the enemies of the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago I didn't say too late, I said "past time". Whether it is too late or not remains to be seen, but we should have gone to war against the commies a long time ago. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago Ok agree.  McCarthy tried that and they ridiculed him. Eisenhower had the communist control act which we do not use today. Communists still infiltrated because they change their name and look.  We are too stupid, or corrupt, or lazy to call them out. So frustrating. permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ OP 12 points 6 days ago Nahh actually, fuck the law too. If Leftists get back in power (which they will) they will go past the law and you will spend years trying to unfuck it after ruination. Murderous people are taking seats on the left. Fuck the law. Stop them. Break their toys, remove voter fraud and see to it the left NEVER gets the power to hurt us like with Biden or worse again. permalink parent award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 6 days ago Yes because they will ignore the laws to get their results permalink parent award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 3 points 6 days ago Yes because they will ignore the laws to get their results permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago It's way past time for this. If MAGA had been in control for the past several years we wouldn't even be in this situation with illegal aliens and communists in our government. The GOP is just as responsible for this decline as the Democrats are. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago It’s too late?  It’s too late for the government under Trump to take action?  Ok, we should just elect Hakeem and Mamdani to the White House then? I know who is to blame and it started a hundred years ago. But today we have a MAGA admin.  And need to go to war on the enemies of the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago I didn't say too late, I said "past time". Whether it is too late or not remains to be seen, but we should have gone to war against the commies a long time ago. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago Ok agree.  McCarthy tried that and they ridiculed him. Eisenhower had the communist control act which we do not use today. Communists still infiltrated because they change their name and look.  We are too stupid, or corrupt, or lazy to call them out. So frustrating. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago It’s too late?  It’s too late for the government under Trump to take action?  Ok, we should just elect Hakeem and Mamdani to the White House then? I know who is to blame and it started a hundred years ago. But today we have a MAGA admin.  And need to go to war on the enemies of the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago I didn't say too late, I said "past time". Whether it is too late or not remains to be seen, but we should have gone to war against the commies a long time ago. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago Ok agree.  McCarthy tried that and they ridiculed him. Eisenhower had the communist control act which we do not use today. Communists still infiltrated because they change their name and look.  We are too stupid, or corrupt, or lazy to call them out. So frustrating. permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 6 days ago I didn't say too late, I said "past time". Whether it is too late or not remains to be seen, but we should have gone to war against the commies a long time ago. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago Ok agree.  McCarthy tried that and they ridiculed him. Eisenhower had the communist control act which we do not use today. Communists still infiltrated because they change their name and look.  We are too stupid, or corrupt, or lazy to call them out. So frustrating. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 2 points 6 days ago Ok agree.  McCarthy tried that and they ridiculed him. Eisenhower had the communist control act which we do not use today. Communists still infiltrated because they change their name and look.  We are too stupid, or corrupt, or lazy to call them out. So frustrating. permalink parent award report block reply
Beelzy 9 points 6 days ago MAGA DEUS VULT! 🇺🇲 permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 8 points 6 days ago It's been 10 fucking years permalink award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 6 points 6 days ago I was just thinking that.  I remember this meme on the_donald back in 2015/16 permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 6 days ago “Because you’d be in jail.” Hillary Clinton still free. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Am_John_Galt 6 points 6 days ago I was just thinking that.  I remember this meme on the_donald back in 2015/16 permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 6 days ago “Because you’d be in jail.” Hillary Clinton still free. permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 6 days ago “Because you’d be in jail.” Hillary Clinton still free. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 6 points 6 days ago Did those other 2 dragon heads arrest anyone for the crimes they committed because the one on the right locked up and hunted down thousands of Americans and tossed them into cells permalink award report block reply
jhewish 4 points 6 days ago You can air that one clip of the Tucker / Cruz interview where he states the main reason he became a senator was to support Israel and it tells you everything you need to know. I think it was the first question he was asked. Just insanity. permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 3 points 6 days ago Except the whole you have to do the right thing thing permalink award report block reply
JasonF84 3 points 6 days ago Past time smh permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 2 points 6 days ago Sounds antiseptic permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 6 days ago MAGA would stand behind Trump 100% if he was to get a MAGA FBI and DOJ and go after the traitors! permalink award report block reply
journalist 1 points 6 days ago Kentucky should be the first to go... permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 6 days ago Democrats took over GOP while the Socialist took over Democrats permalink award report block reply
Maganifice7 0 points 6 days ago Trump is starting to look like the one on the right with his out of touch food comments. permalink award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 6 days ago You mean the one about food prices for thanksgiving? If so he is absolutely correct.  It’s clearly visible in the southeast. Prices are coming down permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpVoter1 -1 points 6 days ago You mean the one about food prices for thanksgiving? If so he is absolutely correct.  It’s clearly visible in the southeast. Prices are coming down permalink parent award report block reply
Trump2020or4eva 0 points 6 days ago Just 2 more weeks! This board been saying that for 5 years. Everyone you know is conservative. Half of them are MAGA. The country is more conservative than it's ever been. Yet, the democrats are winning elections by landslides with record voter turnout all over the country. If you think we are going to vote ourselves out of this, you have not being paying attention. permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks -1 points 6 days ago I disagree. I want the opposite. I think clear ostracization of the WOKE RIGHT is what we need. The Jew Haters are not Trump Supporters, do not support American values, and are not MAGA. There is no reason to follow a morally and mentally defective minority in Conservatism. They are the Trailer Park Trash and should know their place if unwilling to be civilized men and woman. There is no place for the WOKE RIGHT in mainstream MAGA. permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 2 points 6 days ago "Woke right" A phrase used by Israel-firsters to pretend they give a shit about "American" conservative values as their representatives do everything in their power to styme the first amendment with regards to Israel. Get the FUCK out of here with that trash. Actually, fully, unironically fuck Israel and fuck everyone loyal to it. Fuck the entire middle east. Christ is King. The modern secular Jewish state of Israel is my bitch, your child dick-sucking Rabbis are pedophiles, Muslims are soggy dogs. And Muhammed is a child rapist permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ OP 2 points 6 days ago "Woke right" A phrase used by Israel-firsters to pretend they give a shit about "American" conservative values as their representatives do everything in their power to styme the first amendment with regards to Israel. Get the FUCK out of here with that trash. Actually, fully, unironically fuck Israel and fuck everyone loyal to it. Fuck the entire middle east. Christ is King. The modern secular Jewish state of Israel is my bitch, your child dick-sucking Rabbis are pedophiles, Muslims are soggy dogs. And Muhammed is a child rapist permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpVoter1 -1 points 6 days ago Then stop talking about it and take action.  The precinct strategy showed you the way almost 10 years ago and the majority of people here do Jack shit but complain.   Put up or shut up permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago I WAS the precinct strategy. In fact I was elected twice because of it. What have you done? Action alone means nothing. there has to be a plan which there isn't. With no coordinated plan there can be no reasonable action. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago Press d for doubt bud.  And what I have done is take over my local precinct and get a local county 100% republican for every elected position with good candidates.  You are bitching because it didn’t happen overnight.  It wasn’t broken overnight and won’t be fixed in that time either.  If you aren’t sticking with it then you may as well have not done anything permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago Since you doubt what I said for no reason (it's "x to doubt" by the way, moron) I will dismiss everything you just said. Because I have no reason to believe a bath faith retard like you. It doesn't need to be broken "overnight" the momentum was completely shattered and it was clearly done on purpose. You seem to love it though. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago i don't give a fuck what you think of me dipshit. you are irrelevant and you sound like a pajeet with that name.. do you shit in the street too? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago I WAS the precinct strategy. In fact I was elected twice because of it. What have you done? Action alone means nothing. there has to be a plan which there isn't. With no coordinated plan there can be no reasonable action. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago Press d for doubt bud.  And what I have done is take over my local precinct and get a local county 100% republican for every elected position with good candidates.  You are bitching because it didn’t happen overnight.  It wasn’t broken overnight and won’t be fixed in that time either.  If you aren’t sticking with it then you may as well have not done anything permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago Since you doubt what I said for no reason (it's "x to doubt" by the way, moron) I will dismiss everything you just said. Because I have no reason to believe a bath faith retard like you. It doesn't need to be broken "overnight" the momentum was completely shattered and it was clearly done on purpose. You seem to love it though. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago i don't give a fuck what you think of me dipshit. you are irrelevant and you sound like a pajeet with that name.. do you shit in the street too? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago Press d for doubt bud.  And what I have done is take over my local precinct and get a local county 100% republican for every elected position with good candidates.  You are bitching because it didn’t happen overnight.  It wasn’t broken overnight and won’t be fixed in that time either.  If you aren’t sticking with it then you may as well have not done anything permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago Since you doubt what I said for no reason (it's "x to doubt" by the way, moron) I will dismiss everything you just said. Because I have no reason to believe a bath faith retard like you. It doesn't need to be broken "overnight" the momentum was completely shattered and it was clearly done on purpose. You seem to love it though. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago i don't give a fuck what you think of me dipshit. you are irrelevant and you sound like a pajeet with that name.. do you shit in the street too? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
AmannamedRJ OP 0 points 5 days ago Since you doubt what I said for no reason (it's "x to doubt" by the way, moron) I will dismiss everything you just said. Because I have no reason to believe a bath faith retard like you. It doesn't need to be broken "overnight" the momentum was completely shattered and it was clearly done on purpose. You seem to love it though. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago i don't give a fuck what you think of me dipshit. you are irrelevant and you sound like a pajeet with that name.. do you shit in the street too? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TrumpVoter1 -1 points 5 days ago i don't give a fuck what you think of me dipshit. you are irrelevant and you sound like a pajeet with that name.. do you shit in the street too? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...