764 Microsoft Can't Power All Its AI Chips, Says CEO Satya Nadella (www.zerohedge.com) posted 2 days ago by PiratePatriotParrot 101 comments award share report block Microsoft Can't Power All Its AI Chips, Says CEO Satya Nadella ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
101 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Salt Lake City's Hair Growth Method Breaks All Records! HaloGrow Klown_Kutz 92 points 2 days ago They want US to pay for the power and water for their data centers. And the chamber of commerce and quisling corporatist republicans are happy to oblige. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 35 points 1 day ago Microsoft is in league with the wicked evil elite. The deep state. The forces of evil. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 10 points 1 day ago They are killing us with energy costs, and all for what?  Most of that crap is useless content and dumb questions. AI is a giant stupid bubble under constant bailouts.  Asshole Sam Altman (cia prop) running around asking for a “pre-bailout”. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 9 points 1 day ago I'm working on something at a user/consumer level that is going to help fight back against bots and shit like that. They do it because it makes money. I'm working on something that will make it financially disastrous for people who run bot farms, like Euro trash and the Chinese. 52% of internet traffic was bots last year. Dead Internet is a real thing. Edit: This does mean, by the way, that 52% of internet traffic was bots handled by several hundred people (often working alone to farm engagement or advertisement revenue). This drives the cost of energy up on a global level. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 1 day ago absolutely based. Godspeed sir. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago what a retarded waste of time permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever -1 points 1 day ago Thank you.  Can you do something about bullshit sites on Google that look like real deal but are scummy resellers and fraudsters. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TruthyBrat 3 points 1 day ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content. Just to name but one specific bit of stupidity. This has happened in the last 4-5 months. Go look at all the new content in that time frame, and it is almost all AI BS. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content . . . and it is almost all AI BS. Did Mark Felton automate his 'productions', then? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 1 points 1 day ago Hoping AI goes away is just not a viable short term strategy. Good people are going to have to pick up the sword and find ways to wield it against the shitty people using it for evil and slop until regulation and sanity catch up. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago my God the lack on knowledge on AI on our side is fucking scary... AI is absolutely not a bubble nor is it a chatbot. Jesus Christ...if our side doesn't catch up we're fucking doomed. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 1 day ago Oh it's a bubble, it makes no money, all investment is circular barter.  I give you eggs, you give me milk - we both claim we made millions while we made nothing. That's AI right now. And it is useless chatbot.  Do you want food on your table and roof over your head, or you want to die homeless on the street watching AI video jumping on a trampoline? We don't need to waste our finite resources on stupid shit and have government backstop it. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 1 day ago yup, the corporate use of it is amazing.  Most people only know what it can do with a search engine or video generator permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 30 points 1 day ago Our skyrocketing energy costs are very much in significant part due to AI. It's getting quite terrible. They burn a lot of coal while they tell us we aren't allowed to, too. permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 10 points 1 day ago Burn the coal. Pay the toll. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 1 day ago Gotta pay the troll toll for this boy's hole. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 5 points 1 day ago No it’s because SMRs are hard to permit. Remove the red tape on SMRs. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago Global AI power demand is projected to reach 68 GW by 2027. 2027. We are about to hit 2026. One data center is estimated at 100,000 house holds, and new data centers are expected to be 20X that. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago I read SMR wrong as shingled magnetic recording and for a solid minute I was making the confused Jackie Chan face at my monitor. I'm all for more nuclear- with or without comically ballooning datacenter demand. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago no...just no... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 1 day ago Go read about how much energy AI data centers require, and how many $30-$50K GPUs are used in each one. I suggest you get educated on this point, because the cost is vast and it is a continuous use at high levels. Stop plugging your ears like a retard. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 4 points 1 day ago I mean, people use the technology and won't put it down. We enable it as a population through behavior. All the "free" stuff online has to be paid for. With advancing technology and the increase in power requirements,  we can't be the only product anymore. They have to get more money elsewhere. Just like most things, we play into it permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 1 day ago people wouldn't be using it as much if it wasn't crammed into so many default software packages (android, ms, browsers, etc) permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago The bloatware and SaaS convergence exemplified, with bonus spyware functionality. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So let's all turn off our phones and computers and not use web browsers. You first. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago I still haven't seen anything to contradict the theory that any AI could simply be a digital ouija board. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago Go take a course on how to code AI. You'll see something then. permalink parent award report block reply doodaddy 2 points 1 day ago yep.  a gentle reminder that not long ago people had their thermostats automatically turned to 80°, complete with indignation and fines from the world saviors.  where are those saviors now?  oh that's right. pocahontas?  anything for the people? and are you telling me that we could produce clean energy all along?  or are you telling me that we don't care if it's "dirty" energy? permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 2 points 1 day ago The goal is for only the elites and big corporations to have electricity. “You will own nothing and be happy” didn’t come from government. It came from the private sector permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 2 points 1 day ago Meanwhile California is still trying to decommission their nukes to no avail. permalink parent award report block reply load 6 more comments... benjovikenobi 43 points 2 days ago Have they tried not blocking the sunlight ( fuck you, Bill Gates ) so their solar energy works better? Just kidding, we all know nuclear is the answer. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 27 points 2 days ago That's the one thing that's a positive in all this. It could lead to a push for new nuclear power plants, something we should have been doing since the 1970s. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 14 points 1 day ago I work in data centers and there are companies trying to get permits for small nuclear plants. The result of that would be a change in the regulatory system allowing more of these for general use. More but smaller power plants is what we need. Folks don't realize how fragile our infrastructure is in its current state. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 6 points 1 day ago SMRs for the win. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 0 points 1 day ago They should power them by Solar and Wind. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BarrysOFace 5 points 1 day ago Data centers running ai with their own nuclear power plant... what a great idea... permalink parent award report block reply Friendly_B 10 points 1 day ago Sure but that nuclear plant Google is reopening isn't going to be powering the countryside. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago It might not be powering the countryside, but it will at least remove the burden of the data centers from the public utilities. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 1 day ago So let me get this straight we (I live 20 miles from that nuke plant) can’t have nuclear because it was going to cost too  much to retrofit that plant, so they moved us to solar wind and natural gas (costs went up double). But google wants cheap power so they can just flip it back on. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago It's a start. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 8 points 1 day ago Bill Gates has almost nothing to do with Microsoft at this point. I don't think he's even a significant shareholder anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Darkheartisland 3 points 2 days ago You can thank the Simpsons for the negative sentiment around nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 1 day ago Mostly it's actually Chernobyl. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago the miniscule release at Three Mile Island overexxagerated by the US press, the twin actual disasters of Chernobyl and Fukushima, the latter of which is ongoing as the core has not been sealed and Japan is dumping millions of gallons of radioactive water into the ocean with no real plans for mitigation. edit: for the downvoters - educate yourself, please. The reactor accident began at 4:00 a.m. on March 28, 1979, and released radioactive gases and radioactive iodine into the environment. It is the worst accident in U.S. commercial nuclear power plant history, although its small radioactive releases had no detectable health effects on plant workers or the public.
...
Radioactive gases from the reactor cooling system built up in the makeup tank in the auxiliary building. During March 29 and 30, operators used a system of pipes and compressors to move the gas to waste gas decay tanks. The compressors leaked, and some radioactive gases were released to the environment. These went through high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters and charcoal filters which removed most of the radionuclides, except for the noble gases, the estimated total of which was about 370 PBq (the Kemeny Commission said "a maximum of 480 PBq noble gases" and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) also quotes 1.6 PBq of krypton release in July). With short half-life and being biologically inert, these did not pose a health hazard. https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/safety-and-security/safety-of-plants/three-mile-island-accident The estimated (not observed) risk of cancer caused by this incident was 1. 1 case of cancer. For reference, 38% of all Americans develop cancer at some point during their life from all other causes. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 1 points 1 day ago Contamination is what gives off radiation, not water itself. I've not looked into what isotopes are the culprit, but that could be the root of that problem permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago I had no idea Fukushima was still being dealt with. Thanks for enlightening me on that. Chernobyl, as we know, was due to Soviet corruption and cover ups. Fukushima was insufficiently built to the standards required by the conditions it would face in its environment (tsunami, as it turns out) People fear instead of respect, and their fear turns to hysteria. Meanwhile nuclear energy is getting better and stricter as we have learned what not to do from other places, and seen the consequences of those failures. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... benjovikenobi 4 points 2 days ago Brain rot begets brain rot... We didn't have cable television in the house. I grew up having the bookshelf inside, and the green grass outside for entertainment. All of my classmates swooning over The Simpsons or whatever shows were popular sounded retarded. And now I know why... permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 25 points 2 days ago SAAR WE CAN NOT REDEEM AI CHIP SAAAAR permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 17 points 1 day ago We could start by DEPORTING 30 MILLION ILLEGALS, a MILLION H1Bs. And Satya Nadella. permalink award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 12 points 1 day ago Well maybe they shouldn't have thrown their wealth and power behind a political ideology who thought windmills were the future. permalink award report block reply BadBrainsBuzzcocks 2 points 1 day ago This permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 2 days ago Microsoft is in league with the wicked evil elite. The deep state. The forces of evil. permalink award report block reply Scot 6 points 1 day ago All this "electricity rates rising because of AI" stuff is a strawman to distract from the REAL problem. The "green" energy scam forcing solar and wind on us is what drove prices through the roof. permalink award report block reply iaintgottimetobleed 5 points 1 day ago Climate change is a crisis --> My AI needs a lot of power --> I was wrong, climate change is not a big deal.  _Bill Gates permalink award report block reply rocco_saint 3 points 1 day ago The irony of all of this.  The western world was afraid of the big bad boogeyman of nuclear energy.  Leading them to not adopt probably the cleanest and most productive source of energy currently available.  All while decrying fossil fuels and throwing billions into green energy that will never meet the needs of current society, let alone the future they want. All the virtue signalling, all the TEDTalks of the past on the carbon footprint/climate change (cough Bill Gates) is stifling their progress on their new sacred cow AI. permalink award report block reply BurtMcGirt 3 points 1 day ago Let the data centers run only on solar and wind, since that's what the authoritarian communists in these companies want for us. Same type of people training AI who made fake climate change algorithms and fed them fake data. permalink award report block reply magnokor 3 points 1 day ago What is this Satya Nadella? Is it that thing they spread on toast? permalink award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 1 day ago The only way forward is nuclear energy. permalink award report block reply turdinthepunch 2 points 1 day ago at some point compute is going to be considered a nation security asset. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Or people are going to get over generative AI as a 24/7 hobby permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 1 points 1 day ago I don't know.  I was able to develop an entire video game and launch it to steam.  I think a lot of people just don't really know how to use it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Apples and oranges permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 0 points 1 day ago I just think at some point in the near future the economy and productivity is going to be directly linked to our ability to access compute. It won't really be seen as a hobby. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 18 hours ago I've been experimenting with ChatGPT image generation to make memes, and it refuses to draw almost anything I try to ask it to. I ended up having to make it generate parts of my final vision and manually edit together in Photoshop. permalink parent award report block reply Washington_Redskins 2 points 1 day ago Let them eat carbon credits.. permalink award report block reply Bubbahax 2 points 1 day ago Musk opened an AI facility in Memphis and my electric bill went from $300 a month to $500 a month. permalink award report block reply TheSHazDroid 2 points 1 day ago Blackrock is buying utility companies. Ai data centers are the new "BIG THING" but they require enormous electricity and water. And some idiots are building them in the desert. Any government from federal, to state to local, if they agree to provide the utility to these centers on the taxpayer dime, is criminal. Microsoft asking it and using it's leverage is almost criminal. If they do it right, companies should make a nice profit from these Ai centers, therefore they should be able to fully pay the utility bill. The power requirements will mean more power plants, if not utility prices will go up from the demand. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 1 day ago Artificial intelligence is not real intelligence. One day, humans might be intelligent enough to understand this. permalink award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 1 day ago That sounds like a Microsoft problem. permalink award report block reply Liberats 1 points 1 day ago Just plug in what you can afford to power - cunts. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago “Microsoft CEO Satya-“ Imma stop you right there! permalink award report block reply Canadiapede7 1 points 1 day ago So then why did you invest in them if you can’t afford it? No more bail outs, let these fuckers die, Microsoft hasn’t been innovative in years, they copy everything and have nothing to show for it. permalink award report block reply iamstadter 1 points 1 day ago Satya looks like an aids riddled corpse. permalink award report block reply bagel_fragility 1 points 1 day ago another dalit permalink award report block reply blueeyephoto 1 points 1 day ago not my problem to subsidize your energy needs. permalink award report block reply BadBrainsBuzzcocks 1 points 1 day ago They can fund nuclear. Oh wait....AI isn't profitable. permalink award report block reply Melchizedek18 1 points 1 day ago Which means the primary way to halt AI mass suveillance is to prevent it from being fully plugged in. permalink award report block reply RealTXPatriot 1 points 1 day ago Pretty sure this is the prequel to the Matrix. Eventually the machines scorch the skies from energy production. permalink award report block reply 2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 1 day ago They are a very wealthy corporation...buy/build electricity generation sources.  Don't soak the citizens. permalink award report block reply Ryunnsun 1 points 1 day ago Sounds like you should charge for it. Instead they will try to argue it's a public utility and we'll pay for it in the form of higher energy bills. permalink award report block reply Serude 1 points 1 day ago Is that the new bond villain 🦹, I mean come on now jack. permalink award report block reply Capitalism_Fuck_Yeah 1 points 1 day ago Maybe they should build a nuclear plant to go along with it? Over build and sell excess into the grid. permalink award report block reply BillGall2 2 points 1 day ago Good idea.  Each of these large data centers should be required to provide their own power, whether it be SMR, natural gas or geothermal and require to build enough extra capacity (perhaps 2X what they need) to provide additional power  to the local area.  New data centers would then contribute to our electrical infrastructure, not be a drain. permalink parent award report block reply GainesvilleFlorida 1 points 1 day ago Thai means nothing. Dumb title at least permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 0 points 1 day ago It's common sense that Nuclear & Solar power would outlive all the coal on the planet.  There's going to be a breaking point of mining for it in the future and then what good is AI without electricity.  Build your own plants with your billions. permalink award report block reply datraceman 0 points 1 day ago I am a technology consultant in the Power/Utility industry and this has been my argument for the last 3 years and demand for AI is making it worse. I've done work with the three biggest utilities east of the Mississippi and let me tell you, our grid and infrastructure needs an overhaul period and the rise of AI and data centers makes it worse. Some companies are thinking long range but it'll be over 10 years before we get anywhere but Dominion Energy in Virginia has a plan on the table to create Nuclear Power reactors the size of a basketball court that will power AI Data Centers off grid and be housed in a facility next to them. Further complicating the matter is how insane leftist policies have become. Take Alabama for instance, they have a power generation surplus and used to sell excess power to Texas and other western states. Those other states decided not to do business with southern "racist" states and now face energy shortages and crisis in the name of the Green New Deal. The Austin power failures during the snow storm wouldn't have happened if they hadn't implemented policies such as this. I HATE paying taxes because the government doesn't spend my money on things that are important to everyone and instead hyper focus on foreign aid and handouts. The reality is, our taxes should go to paying for infrastructure improvements. You want to see our economy truly roar, get rid of Obamacare and all the leftist pet projects and invest in oil pipelines, upgrading the power grid through new innovative transmission lines, generating plants, road improvements, bridge improvements, and airport renovations. That would not only benefit the poor, the wealthy, the middle class...but it would create millions of jobs for two decades. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump -1 points 1 day ago This is what Grok says and I agree: The Best Solution: A Multi-Pronged Push Toward Advanced Nuclear (Especially Small Modular Reactors and Fusion)In my view, the optimal path forward is aggressively scaling carbon-free, high-density baseload power via advanced nuclear technologies, combined with near-term efficiency gains and renewables where feasible. Here's why this beats alternatives:Reliability and Density Match AI Needs Perfectly:AI data centers require 24/7 "always-on" power at gigawatt scales—intermittents like wind/solar can't deliver without overbuilding grids/storage (costly and slow). datacenterknowledge.com Nuclear provides constant, high-output energy in compact footprints. Small Modular Reactors (SMRs) can be factory-built, deployed quickly (3-5 years vs. 10+ for traditional plants), and placed "behind-the-meter" directly at data centers, bypassing grid delays. mckinsey.com +1 Tech Giants Are Already Betting Big on It:Microsoft is leading: Restarting Three Mile Island (835MW deal for 20 years, online ~2027-2028), partnering on SMRs, and buying fusion power from Helion. gfmag.com +2 Google, Amazon, and others are signing similar nuclear PPAs (e.g., Kairos Power SMRs, Oklo). thebulletin.org Fusion (longer-term) gets AI acceleration: Microsoft is using AI/ML to speed plasma simulations and control—potentially shaving decades off development. news.microsoft.com +2 Complements Other Fixes (Not All-or-Nothing):Efficiency First: Power capping GPUs, better chips (e.g., 65% energy savings via advanced networking), liquid/immersion cooling, and AI-optimized software can cut demand 20-50% immediately. blogs.cisco.com +1 Renewables + Storage: Great for offsets, but pair with nuclear for baseload.
Policy Push: Streamline permitting (e.g., via Defense Production Act) and incentives to build 45GW+ needed by 2030. rand.org permalink award report block reply HocusLocus 1 points 1 day ago We need ap1000s now, actually molten salt but the US fucked up in 1970.  China will beat us in commercializing the thing we invented.  Nothing less than 1GW electric, it's a waste of money.  Know who's griping it should be SMALL reactors?  The billionaires who want to put them in their survival enclaves.  Fuck the billionaires.  Ap1000 is way beyond generations of unsafe nuclear, any port in a storm.  50 years of crap engineers playing with toys that will end our civilization in a continent wide ice storm. permalink parent award report block reply BillGall2 1 points 1 day ago SMRs are still 5 years out for going into large scale production.  Natural gas generation of electrical power could be accomplished in a year or two as an interim solution.  Geothermal demonstration projects are currently under way in the west. It could be an alternative solution. permalink parent award report block reply jtowers2255 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 92 points 2 days ago They want US to pay for the power and water for their data centers. And the chamber of commerce and quisling corporatist republicans are happy to oblige. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 35 points 1 day ago Microsoft is in league with the wicked evil elite. The deep state. The forces of evil. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 10 points 1 day ago They are killing us with energy costs, and all for what?  Most of that crap is useless content and dumb questions. AI is a giant stupid bubble under constant bailouts.  Asshole Sam Altman (cia prop) running around asking for a “pre-bailout”. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 9 points 1 day ago I'm working on something at a user/consumer level that is going to help fight back against bots and shit like that. They do it because it makes money. I'm working on something that will make it financially disastrous for people who run bot farms, like Euro trash and the Chinese. 52% of internet traffic was bots last year. Dead Internet is a real thing. Edit: This does mean, by the way, that 52% of internet traffic was bots handled by several hundred people (often working alone to farm engagement or advertisement revenue). This drives the cost of energy up on a global level. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 1 day ago absolutely based. Godspeed sir. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago what a retarded waste of time permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever -1 points 1 day ago Thank you.  Can you do something about bullshit sites on Google that look like real deal but are scummy resellers and fraudsters. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TruthyBrat 3 points 1 day ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content. Just to name but one specific bit of stupidity. This has happened in the last 4-5 months. Go look at all the new content in that time frame, and it is almost all AI BS. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content . . . and it is almost all AI BS. Did Mark Felton automate his 'productions', then? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 1 points 1 day ago Hoping AI goes away is just not a viable short term strategy. Good people are going to have to pick up the sword and find ways to wield it against the shitty people using it for evil and slop until regulation and sanity catch up. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago my God the lack on knowledge on AI on our side is fucking scary... AI is absolutely not a bubble nor is it a chatbot. Jesus Christ...if our side doesn't catch up we're fucking doomed. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 1 day ago Oh it's a bubble, it makes no money, all investment is circular barter.  I give you eggs, you give me milk - we both claim we made millions while we made nothing. That's AI right now. And it is useless chatbot.  Do you want food on your table and roof over your head, or you want to die homeless on the street watching AI video jumping on a trampoline? We don't need to waste our finite resources on stupid shit and have government backstop it. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 1 day ago yup, the corporate use of it is amazing.  Most people only know what it can do with a search engine or video generator permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 30 points 1 day ago Our skyrocketing energy costs are very much in significant part due to AI. It's getting quite terrible. They burn a lot of coal while they tell us we aren't allowed to, too. permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 10 points 1 day ago Burn the coal. Pay the toll. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 1 day ago Gotta pay the troll toll for this boy's hole. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 5 points 1 day ago No it’s because SMRs are hard to permit. Remove the red tape on SMRs. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago Global AI power demand is projected to reach 68 GW by 2027. 2027. We are about to hit 2026. One data center is estimated at 100,000 house holds, and new data centers are expected to be 20X that. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago I read SMR wrong as shingled magnetic recording and for a solid minute I was making the confused Jackie Chan face at my monitor. I'm all for more nuclear- with or without comically ballooning datacenter demand. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago no...just no... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 1 day ago Go read about how much energy AI data centers require, and how many $30-$50K GPUs are used in each one. I suggest you get educated on this point, because the cost is vast and it is a continuous use at high levels. Stop plugging your ears like a retard. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 4 points 1 day ago I mean, people use the technology and won't put it down. We enable it as a population through behavior. All the "free" stuff online has to be paid for. With advancing technology and the increase in power requirements,  we can't be the only product anymore. They have to get more money elsewhere. Just like most things, we play into it permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 1 day ago people wouldn't be using it as much if it wasn't crammed into so many default software packages (android, ms, browsers, etc) permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago The bloatware and SaaS convergence exemplified, with bonus spyware functionality. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So let's all turn off our phones and computers and not use web browsers. You first. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago I still haven't seen anything to contradict the theory that any AI could simply be a digital ouija board. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago Go take a course on how to code AI. You'll see something then. permalink parent award report block reply doodaddy 2 points 1 day ago yep.  a gentle reminder that not long ago people had their thermostats automatically turned to 80°, complete with indignation and fines from the world saviors.  where are those saviors now?  oh that's right. pocahontas?  anything for the people? and are you telling me that we could produce clean energy all along?  or are you telling me that we don't care if it's "dirty" energy? permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 2 points 1 day ago The goal is for only the elites and big corporations to have electricity. “You will own nothing and be happy” didn’t come from government. It came from the private sector permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 2 points 1 day ago Meanwhile California is still trying to decommission their nukes to no avail. permalink parent award report block reply load 6 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 35 points 1 day ago Microsoft is in league with the wicked evil elite. The deep state. The forces of evil. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 10 points 1 day ago They are killing us with energy costs, and all for what?  Most of that crap is useless content and dumb questions. AI is a giant stupid bubble under constant bailouts.  Asshole Sam Altman (cia prop) running around asking for a “pre-bailout”. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 9 points 1 day ago I'm working on something at a user/consumer level that is going to help fight back against bots and shit like that. They do it because it makes money. I'm working on something that will make it financially disastrous for people who run bot farms, like Euro trash and the Chinese. 52% of internet traffic was bots last year. Dead Internet is a real thing. Edit: This does mean, by the way, that 52% of internet traffic was bots handled by several hundred people (often working alone to farm engagement or advertisement revenue). This drives the cost of energy up on a global level. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 1 day ago absolutely based. Godspeed sir. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago what a retarded waste of time permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever -1 points 1 day ago Thank you.  Can you do something about bullshit sites on Google that look like real deal but are scummy resellers and fraudsters. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TruthyBrat 3 points 1 day ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content. Just to name but one specific bit of stupidity. This has happened in the last 4-5 months. Go look at all the new content in that time frame, and it is almost all AI BS. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content . . . and it is almost all AI BS. Did Mark Felton automate his 'productions', then? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 1 points 1 day ago Hoping AI goes away is just not a viable short term strategy. Good people are going to have to pick up the sword and find ways to wield it against the shitty people using it for evil and slop until regulation and sanity catch up. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago my God the lack on knowledge on AI on our side is fucking scary... AI is absolutely not a bubble nor is it a chatbot. Jesus Christ...if our side doesn't catch up we're fucking doomed. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 1 day ago Oh it's a bubble, it makes no money, all investment is circular barter.  I give you eggs, you give me milk - we both claim we made millions while we made nothing. That's AI right now. And it is useless chatbot.  Do you want food on your table and roof over your head, or you want to die homeless on the street watching AI video jumping on a trampoline? We don't need to waste our finite resources on stupid shit and have government backstop it. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 1 day ago yup, the corporate use of it is amazing.  Most people only know what it can do with a search engine or video generator permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 10 points 1 day ago They are killing us with energy costs, and all for what?  Most of that crap is useless content and dumb questions. AI is a giant stupid bubble under constant bailouts.  Asshole Sam Altman (cia prop) running around asking for a “pre-bailout”. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 9 points 1 day ago I'm working on something at a user/consumer level that is going to help fight back against bots and shit like that. They do it because it makes money. I'm working on something that will make it financially disastrous for people who run bot farms, like Euro trash and the Chinese. 52% of internet traffic was bots last year. Dead Internet is a real thing. Edit: This does mean, by the way, that 52% of internet traffic was bots handled by several hundred people (often working alone to farm engagement or advertisement revenue). This drives the cost of energy up on a global level. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 1 day ago absolutely based. Godspeed sir. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago what a retarded waste of time permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever -1 points 1 day ago Thank you.  Can you do something about bullshit sites on Google that look like real deal but are scummy resellers and fraudsters. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TruthyBrat 3 points 1 day ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content. Just to name but one specific bit of stupidity. This has happened in the last 4-5 months. Go look at all the new content in that time frame, and it is almost all AI BS. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content . . . and it is almost all AI BS. Did Mark Felton automate his 'productions', then? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 1 points 1 day ago Hoping AI goes away is just not a viable short term strategy. Good people are going to have to pick up the sword and find ways to wield it against the shitty people using it for evil and slop until regulation and sanity catch up. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago my God the lack on knowledge on AI on our side is fucking scary... AI is absolutely not a bubble nor is it a chatbot. Jesus Christ...if our side doesn't catch up we're fucking doomed. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 1 day ago Oh it's a bubble, it makes no money, all investment is circular barter.  I give you eggs, you give me milk - we both claim we made millions while we made nothing. That's AI right now. And it is useless chatbot.  Do you want food on your table and roof over your head, or you want to die homeless on the street watching AI video jumping on a trampoline? We don't need to waste our finite resources on stupid shit and have government backstop it. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 1 day ago yup, the corporate use of it is amazing.  Most people only know what it can do with a search engine or video generator permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 9 points 1 day ago I'm working on something at a user/consumer level that is going to help fight back against bots and shit like that. They do it because it makes money. I'm working on something that will make it financially disastrous for people who run bot farms, like Euro trash and the Chinese. 52% of internet traffic was bots last year. Dead Internet is a real thing. Edit: This does mean, by the way, that 52% of internet traffic was bots handled by several hundred people (often working alone to farm engagement or advertisement revenue). This drives the cost of energy up on a global level. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 1 day ago absolutely based. Godspeed sir. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago what a retarded waste of time permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever -1 points 1 day ago Thank you.  Can you do something about bullshit sites on Google that look like real deal but are scummy resellers and fraudsters. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 1 day ago absolutely based. Godspeed sir. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago what a retarded waste of time permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever -1 points 1 day ago Thank you.  Can you do something about bullshit sites on Google that look like real deal but are scummy resellers and fraudsters. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TruthyBrat 3 points 1 day ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content. Just to name but one specific bit of stupidity. This has happened in the last 4-5 months. Go look at all the new content in that time frame, and it is almost all AI BS. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content . . . and it is almost all AI BS. Did Mark Felton automate his 'productions', then? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 1 points 1 day ago Hoping AI goes away is just not a viable short term strategy. Good people are going to have to pick up the sword and find ways to wield it against the shitty people using it for evil and slop until regulation and sanity catch up. permalink parent award report block reply
semsem 1 points 13 hours ago AI has thoroughly enshittified YouTube WWII historical content . . . and it is almost all AI BS. Did Mark Felton automate his 'productions', then? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
KekistaniMemeLord 1 points 1 day ago Hoping AI goes away is just not a viable short term strategy. Good people are going to have to pick up the sword and find ways to wield it against the shitty people using it for evil and slop until regulation and sanity catch up. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago my God the lack on knowledge on AI on our side is fucking scary... AI is absolutely not a bubble nor is it a chatbot. Jesus Christ...if our side doesn't catch up we're fucking doomed. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 1 day ago Oh it's a bubble, it makes no money, all investment is circular barter.  I give you eggs, you give me milk - we both claim we made millions while we made nothing. That's AI right now. And it is useless chatbot.  Do you want food on your table and roof over your head, or you want to die homeless on the street watching AI video jumping on a trampoline? We don't need to waste our finite resources on stupid shit and have government backstop it. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 1 day ago yup, the corporate use of it is amazing.  Most people only know what it can do with a search engine or video generator permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 1 points 1 day ago Oh it's a bubble, it makes no money, all investment is circular barter.  I give you eggs, you give me milk - we both claim we made millions while we made nothing. That's AI right now. And it is useless chatbot.  Do you want food on your table and roof over your head, or you want to die homeless on the street watching AI video jumping on a trampoline? We don't need to waste our finite resources on stupid shit and have government backstop it. permalink parent award report block reply
yukondave 1 points 1 day ago yup, the corporate use of it is amazing.  Most people only know what it can do with a search engine or video generator permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 30 points 1 day ago Our skyrocketing energy costs are very much in significant part due to AI. It's getting quite terrible. They burn a lot of coal while they tell us we aren't allowed to, too. permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 10 points 1 day ago Burn the coal. Pay the toll. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 1 day ago Gotta pay the troll toll for this boy's hole. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 5 points 1 day ago No it’s because SMRs are hard to permit. Remove the red tape on SMRs. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago Global AI power demand is projected to reach 68 GW by 2027. 2027. We are about to hit 2026. One data center is estimated at 100,000 house holds, and new data centers are expected to be 20X that. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago I read SMR wrong as shingled magnetic recording and for a solid minute I was making the confused Jackie Chan face at my monitor. I'm all for more nuclear- with or without comically ballooning datacenter demand. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago no...just no... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 1 day ago Go read about how much energy AI data centers require, and how many $30-$50K GPUs are used in each one. I suggest you get educated on this point, because the cost is vast and it is a continuous use at high levels. Stop plugging your ears like a retard. permalink parent award report block reply
ViagraFalls 10 points 1 day ago Burn the coal. Pay the toll. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 1 day ago Gotta pay the troll toll for this boy's hole. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 1 day ago Gotta pay the troll toll for this boy's hole. permalink parent award report block reply
TheWoodsman 5 points 1 day ago No it’s because SMRs are hard to permit. Remove the red tape on SMRs. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago Global AI power demand is projected to reach 68 GW by 2027. 2027. We are about to hit 2026. One data center is estimated at 100,000 house holds, and new data centers are expected to be 20X that. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago I read SMR wrong as shingled magnetic recording and for a solid minute I was making the confused Jackie Chan face at my monitor. I'm all for more nuclear- with or without comically ballooning datacenter demand. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago Global AI power demand is projected to reach 68 GW by 2027. 2027. We are about to hit 2026. One data center is estimated at 100,000 house holds, and new data centers are expected to be 20X that. permalink parent award report block reply
semsem 1 points 13 hours ago I read SMR wrong as shingled magnetic recording and for a solid minute I was making the confused Jackie Chan face at my monitor. I'm all for more nuclear- with or without comically ballooning datacenter demand. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 0 points 1 day ago no...just no... permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 1 day ago Go read about how much energy AI data centers require, and how many $30-$50K GPUs are used in each one. I suggest you get educated on this point, because the cost is vast and it is a continuous use at high levels. Stop plugging your ears like a retard. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 1 day ago Go read about how much energy AI data centers require, and how many $30-$50K GPUs are used in each one. I suggest you get educated on this point, because the cost is vast and it is a continuous use at high levels. Stop plugging your ears like a retard. permalink parent award report block reply
Gnometard 4 points 1 day ago I mean, people use the technology and won't put it down. We enable it as a population through behavior. All the "free" stuff online has to be paid for. With advancing technology and the increase in power requirements,  we can't be the only product anymore. They have to get more money elsewhere. Just like most things, we play into it permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 1 day ago people wouldn't be using it as much if it wasn't crammed into so many default software packages (android, ms, browsers, etc) permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago The bloatware and SaaS convergence exemplified, with bonus spyware functionality. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So let's all turn off our phones and computers and not use web browsers. You first. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago I still haven't seen anything to contradict the theory that any AI could simply be a digital ouija board. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago Go take a course on how to code AI. You'll see something then. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 2 points 1 day ago people wouldn't be using it as much if it wasn't crammed into so many default software packages (android, ms, browsers, etc) permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 13 hours ago The bloatware and SaaS convergence exemplified, with bonus spyware functionality. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So let's all turn off our phones and computers and not use web browsers. You first. permalink parent award report block reply
semsem 1 points 13 hours ago The bloatware and SaaS convergence exemplified, with bonus spyware functionality. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago So let's all turn off our phones and computers and not use web browsers. You first. permalink parent award report block reply
Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago I still haven't seen anything to contradict the theory that any AI could simply be a digital ouija board. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago Go take a course on how to code AI. You'll see something then. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 1 day ago Go take a course on how to code AI. You'll see something then. permalink parent award report block reply
doodaddy 2 points 1 day ago yep.  a gentle reminder that not long ago people had their thermostats automatically turned to 80°, complete with indignation and fines from the world saviors.  where are those saviors now?  oh that's right. pocahontas?  anything for the people? and are you telling me that we could produce clean energy all along?  or are you telling me that we don't care if it's "dirty" energy? permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 2 points 1 day ago The goal is for only the elites and big corporations to have electricity. “You will own nothing and be happy” didn’t come from government. It came from the private sector permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 2 points 1 day ago The goal is for only the elites and big corporations to have electricity. “You will own nothing and be happy” didn’t come from government. It came from the private sector permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 2 points 1 day ago Meanwhile California is still trying to decommission their nukes to no avail. permalink parent award report block reply
benjovikenobi 43 points 2 days ago Have they tried not blocking the sunlight ( fuck you, Bill Gates ) so their solar energy works better? Just kidding, we all know nuclear is the answer. permalink award report block reply anotherthing 27 points 2 days ago That's the one thing that's a positive in all this. It could lead to a push for new nuclear power plants, something we should have been doing since the 1970s. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 14 points 1 day ago I work in data centers and there are companies trying to get permits for small nuclear plants. The result of that would be a change in the regulatory system allowing more of these for general use. More but smaller power plants is what we need. Folks don't realize how fragile our infrastructure is in its current state. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 6 points 1 day ago SMRs for the win. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 0 points 1 day ago They should power them by Solar and Wind. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BarrysOFace 5 points 1 day ago Data centers running ai with their own nuclear power plant... what a great idea... permalink parent award report block reply Friendly_B 10 points 1 day ago Sure but that nuclear plant Google is reopening isn't going to be powering the countryside. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago It might not be powering the countryside, but it will at least remove the burden of the data centers from the public utilities. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 1 day ago So let me get this straight we (I live 20 miles from that nuke plant) can’t have nuclear because it was going to cost too  much to retrofit that plant, so they moved us to solar wind and natural gas (costs went up double). But google wants cheap power so they can just flip it back on. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago It's a start. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 8 points 1 day ago Bill Gates has almost nothing to do with Microsoft at this point. I don't think he's even a significant shareholder anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Darkheartisland 3 points 2 days ago You can thank the Simpsons for the negative sentiment around nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 1 day ago Mostly it's actually Chernobyl. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago the miniscule release at Three Mile Island overexxagerated by the US press, the twin actual disasters of Chernobyl and Fukushima, the latter of which is ongoing as the core has not been sealed and Japan is dumping millions of gallons of radioactive water into the ocean with no real plans for mitigation. edit: for the downvoters - educate yourself, please. The reactor accident began at 4:00 a.m. on March 28, 1979, and released radioactive gases and radioactive iodine into the environment. It is the worst accident in U.S. commercial nuclear power plant history, although its small radioactive releases had no detectable health effects on plant workers or the public.
...
Radioactive gases from the reactor cooling system built up in the makeup tank in the auxiliary building. During March 29 and 30, operators used a system of pipes and compressors to move the gas to waste gas decay tanks. The compressors leaked, and some radioactive gases were released to the environment. These went through high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters and charcoal filters which removed most of the radionuclides, except for the noble gases, the estimated total of which was about 370 PBq (the Kemeny Commission said "a maximum of 480 PBq noble gases" and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) also quotes 1.6 PBq of krypton release in July). With short half-life and being biologically inert, these did not pose a health hazard. https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/safety-and-security/safety-of-plants/three-mile-island-accident The estimated (not observed) risk of cancer caused by this incident was 1. 1 case of cancer. For reference, 38% of all Americans develop cancer at some point during their life from all other causes. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 1 points 1 day ago Contamination is what gives off radiation, not water itself. I've not looked into what isotopes are the culprit, but that could be the root of that problem permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago I had no idea Fukushima was still being dealt with. Thanks for enlightening me on that. Chernobyl, as we know, was due to Soviet corruption and cover ups. Fukushima was insufficiently built to the standards required by the conditions it would face in its environment (tsunami, as it turns out) People fear instead of respect, and their fear turns to hysteria. Meanwhile nuclear energy is getting better and stricter as we have learned what not to do from other places, and seen the consequences of those failures. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... benjovikenobi 4 points 2 days ago Brain rot begets brain rot... We didn't have cable television in the house. I grew up having the bookshelf inside, and the green grass outside for entertainment. All of my classmates swooning over The Simpsons or whatever shows were popular sounded retarded. And now I know why... permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 27 points 2 days ago That's the one thing that's a positive in all this. It could lead to a push for new nuclear power plants, something we should have been doing since the 1970s. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 14 points 1 day ago I work in data centers and there are companies trying to get permits for small nuclear plants. The result of that would be a change in the regulatory system allowing more of these for general use. More but smaller power plants is what we need. Folks don't realize how fragile our infrastructure is in its current state. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 6 points 1 day ago SMRs for the win. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 0 points 1 day ago They should power them by Solar and Wind. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BarrysOFace 5 points 1 day ago Data centers running ai with their own nuclear power plant... what a great idea... permalink parent award report block reply Friendly_B 10 points 1 day ago Sure but that nuclear plant Google is reopening isn't going to be powering the countryside. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago It might not be powering the countryside, but it will at least remove the burden of the data centers from the public utilities. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 1 day ago So let me get this straight we (I live 20 miles from that nuke plant) can’t have nuclear because it was going to cost too  much to retrofit that plant, so they moved us to solar wind and natural gas (costs went up double). But google wants cheap power so they can just flip it back on. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago It's a start. permalink parent award report block reply
Gnometard 14 points 1 day ago I work in data centers and there are companies trying to get permits for small nuclear plants. The result of that would be a change in the regulatory system allowing more of these for general use. More but smaller power plants is what we need. Folks don't realize how fragile our infrastructure is in its current state. permalink parent award report block reply TheWoodsman 6 points 1 day ago SMRs for the win. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 0 points 1 day ago They should power them by Solar and Wind. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BarrysOFace 5 points 1 day ago Data centers running ai with their own nuclear power plant... what a great idea... permalink parent award report block reply
TheWoodsman 6 points 1 day ago SMRs for the win. permalink parent award report block reply MorningFrost 0 points 1 day ago They should power them by Solar and Wind. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MorningFrost 0 points 1 day ago They should power them by Solar and Wind. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BarrysOFace 5 points 1 day ago Data centers running ai with their own nuclear power plant... what a great idea... permalink parent award report block reply
Friendly_B 10 points 1 day ago Sure but that nuclear plant Google is reopening isn't going to be powering the countryside. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago It might not be powering the countryside, but it will at least remove the burden of the data centers from the public utilities. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 3 points 1 day ago So let me get this straight we (I live 20 miles from that nuke plant) can’t have nuclear because it was going to cost too  much to retrofit that plant, so they moved us to solar wind and natural gas (costs went up double). But google wants cheap power so they can just flip it back on. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago It's a start. permalink parent award report block reply
SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago It might not be powering the countryside, but it will at least remove the burden of the data centers from the public utilities. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 3 points 1 day ago So let me get this straight we (I live 20 miles from that nuke plant) can’t have nuclear because it was going to cost too  much to retrofit that plant, so they moved us to solar wind and natural gas (costs went up double). But google wants cheap power so they can just flip it back on. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago It's a start. permalink parent award report block reply
hellohellohellohell 8 points 1 day ago Bill Gates has almost nothing to do with Microsoft at this point. I don't think he's even a significant shareholder anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
Darkheartisland 3 points 2 days ago You can thank the Simpsons for the negative sentiment around nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 1 day ago Mostly it's actually Chernobyl. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago the miniscule release at Three Mile Island overexxagerated by the US press, the twin actual disasters of Chernobyl and Fukushima, the latter of which is ongoing as the core has not been sealed and Japan is dumping millions of gallons of radioactive water into the ocean with no real plans for mitigation. edit: for the downvoters - educate yourself, please. The reactor accident began at 4:00 a.m. on March 28, 1979, and released radioactive gases and radioactive iodine into the environment. It is the worst accident in U.S. commercial nuclear power plant history, although its small radioactive releases had no detectable health effects on plant workers or the public.
...
Radioactive gases from the reactor cooling system built up in the makeup tank in the auxiliary building. During March 29 and 30, operators used a system of pipes and compressors to move the gas to waste gas decay tanks. The compressors leaked, and some radioactive gases were released to the environment. These went through high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters and charcoal filters which removed most of the radionuclides, except for the noble gases, the estimated total of which was about 370 PBq (the Kemeny Commission said "a maximum of 480 PBq noble gases" and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) also quotes 1.6 PBq of krypton release in July). With short half-life and being biologically inert, these did not pose a health hazard. https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/safety-and-security/safety-of-plants/three-mile-island-accident The estimated (not observed) risk of cancer caused by this incident was 1. 1 case of cancer. For reference, 38% of all Americans develop cancer at some point during their life from all other causes. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 1 points 1 day ago Contamination is what gives off radiation, not water itself. I've not looked into what isotopes are the culprit, but that could be the root of that problem permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago I had no idea Fukushima was still being dealt with. Thanks for enlightening me on that. Chernobyl, as we know, was due to Soviet corruption and cover ups. Fukushima was insufficiently built to the standards required by the conditions it would face in its environment (tsunami, as it turns out) People fear instead of respect, and their fear turns to hysteria. Meanwhile nuclear energy is getting better and stricter as we have learned what not to do from other places, and seen the consequences of those failures. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... benjovikenobi 4 points 2 days ago Brain rot begets brain rot... We didn't have cable television in the house. I grew up having the bookshelf inside, and the green grass outside for entertainment. All of my classmates swooning over The Simpsons or whatever shows were popular sounded retarded. And now I know why... permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 5 points 1 day ago Mostly it's actually Chernobyl. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago the miniscule release at Three Mile Island overexxagerated by the US press, the twin actual disasters of Chernobyl and Fukushima, the latter of which is ongoing as the core has not been sealed and Japan is dumping millions of gallons of radioactive water into the ocean with no real plans for mitigation. edit: for the downvoters - educate yourself, please. The reactor accident began at 4:00 a.m. on March 28, 1979, and released radioactive gases and radioactive iodine into the environment. It is the worst accident in U.S. commercial nuclear power plant history, although its small radioactive releases had no detectable health effects on plant workers or the public.
...
Radioactive gases from the reactor cooling system built up in the makeup tank in the auxiliary building. During March 29 and 30, operators used a system of pipes and compressors to move the gas to waste gas decay tanks. The compressors leaked, and some radioactive gases were released to the environment. These went through high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters and charcoal filters which removed most of the radionuclides, except for the noble gases, the estimated total of which was about 370 PBq (the Kemeny Commission said "a maximum of 480 PBq noble gases" and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) also quotes 1.6 PBq of krypton release in July). With short half-life and being biologically inert, these did not pose a health hazard. https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/safety-and-security/safety-of-plants/three-mile-island-accident The estimated (not observed) risk of cancer caused by this incident was 1. 1 case of cancer. For reference, 38% of all Americans develop cancer at some point during their life from all other causes. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 1 points 1 day ago Contamination is what gives off radiation, not water itself. I've not looked into what isotopes are the culprit, but that could be the root of that problem permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago I had no idea Fukushima was still being dealt with. Thanks for enlightening me on that. Chernobyl, as we know, was due to Soviet corruption and cover ups. Fukushima was insufficiently built to the standards required by the conditions it would face in its environment (tsunami, as it turns out) People fear instead of respect, and their fear turns to hysteria. Meanwhile nuclear energy is getting better and stricter as we have learned what not to do from other places, and seen the consequences of those failures. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago the miniscule release at Three Mile Island overexxagerated by the US press, the twin actual disasters of Chernobyl and Fukushima, the latter of which is ongoing as the core has not been sealed and Japan is dumping millions of gallons of radioactive water into the ocean with no real plans for mitigation. edit: for the downvoters - educate yourself, please. The reactor accident began at 4:00 a.m. on March 28, 1979, and released radioactive gases and radioactive iodine into the environment. It is the worst accident in U.S. commercial nuclear power plant history, although its small radioactive releases had no detectable health effects on plant workers or the public.
...
Radioactive gases from the reactor cooling system built up in the makeup tank in the auxiliary building. During March 29 and 30, operators used a system of pipes and compressors to move the gas to waste gas decay tanks. The compressors leaked, and some radioactive gases were released to the environment. These went through high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters and charcoal filters which removed most of the radionuclides, except for the noble gases, the estimated total of which was about 370 PBq (the Kemeny Commission said "a maximum of 480 PBq noble gases" and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) also quotes 1.6 PBq of krypton release in July). With short half-life and being biologically inert, these did not pose a health hazard. https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/safety-and-security/safety-of-plants/three-mile-island-accident The estimated (not observed) risk of cancer caused by this incident was 1. 1 case of cancer. For reference, 38% of all Americans develop cancer at some point during their life from all other causes. permalink parent award report block reply Gnometard 1 points 1 day ago Contamination is what gives off radiation, not water itself. I've not looked into what isotopes are the culprit, but that could be the root of that problem permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago I had no idea Fukushima was still being dealt with. Thanks for enlightening me on that. Chernobyl, as we know, was due to Soviet corruption and cover ups. Fukushima was insufficiently built to the standards required by the conditions it would face in its environment (tsunami, as it turns out) People fear instead of respect, and their fear turns to hysteria. Meanwhile nuclear energy is getting better and stricter as we have learned what not to do from other places, and seen the consequences of those failures. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Gnometard 1 points 1 day ago Contamination is what gives off radiation, not water itself. I've not looked into what isotopes are the culprit, but that could be the root of that problem permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Wtf_socialismreally 1 points 1 day ago I had no idea Fukushima was still being dealt with. Thanks for enlightening me on that. Chernobyl, as we know, was due to Soviet corruption and cover ups. Fukushima was insufficiently built to the standards required by the conditions it would face in its environment (tsunami, as it turns out) People fear instead of respect, and their fear turns to hysteria. Meanwhile nuclear energy is getting better and stricter as we have learned what not to do from other places, and seen the consequences of those failures. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
benjovikenobi 4 points 2 days ago Brain rot begets brain rot... We didn't have cable television in the house. I grew up having the bookshelf inside, and the green grass outside for entertainment. All of my classmates swooning over The Simpsons or whatever shows were popular sounded retarded. And now I know why... permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder 25 points 2 days ago SAAR WE CAN NOT REDEEM AI CHIP SAAAAR permalink award report block reply
Jack_NC 17 points 1 day ago We could start by DEPORTING 30 MILLION ILLEGALS, a MILLION H1Bs. And Satya Nadella. permalink award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 12 points 1 day ago Well maybe they shouldn't have thrown their wealth and power behind a political ideology who thought windmills were the future. permalink award report block reply BadBrainsBuzzcocks 2 points 1 day ago This permalink parent award report block reply
BadBrainsBuzzcocks 2 points 1 day ago This permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 2 days ago Microsoft is in league with the wicked evil elite. The deep state. The forces of evil. permalink award report block reply
Scot 6 points 1 day ago All this "electricity rates rising because of AI" stuff is a strawman to distract from the REAL problem. The "green" energy scam forcing solar and wind on us is what drove prices through the roof. permalink award report block reply
iaintgottimetobleed 5 points 1 day ago Climate change is a crisis --> My AI needs a lot of power --> I was wrong, climate change is not a big deal.  _Bill Gates permalink award report block reply
rocco_saint 3 points 1 day ago The irony of all of this.  The western world was afraid of the big bad boogeyman of nuclear energy.  Leading them to not adopt probably the cleanest and most productive source of energy currently available.  All while decrying fossil fuels and throwing billions into green energy that will never meet the needs of current society, let alone the future they want. All the virtue signalling, all the TEDTalks of the past on the carbon footprint/climate change (cough Bill Gates) is stifling their progress on their new sacred cow AI. permalink award report block reply
BurtMcGirt 3 points 1 day ago Let the data centers run only on solar and wind, since that's what the authoritarian communists in these companies want for us. Same type of people training AI who made fake climate change algorithms and fed them fake data. permalink award report block reply
magnokor 3 points 1 day ago What is this Satya Nadella? Is it that thing they spread on toast? permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 2 points 1 day ago The only way forward is nuclear energy. permalink award report block reply
turdinthepunch 2 points 1 day ago at some point compute is going to be considered a nation security asset. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Or people are going to get over generative AI as a 24/7 hobby permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 1 points 1 day ago I don't know.  I was able to develop an entire video game and launch it to steam.  I think a lot of people just don't really know how to use it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Apples and oranges permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 0 points 1 day ago I just think at some point in the near future the economy and productivity is going to be directly linked to our ability to access compute. It won't really be seen as a hobby. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 18 hours ago I've been experimenting with ChatGPT image generation to make memes, and it refuses to draw almost anything I try to ask it to. I ended up having to make it generate parts of my final vision and manually edit together in Photoshop. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Or people are going to get over generative AI as a 24/7 hobby permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 1 points 1 day ago I don't know.  I was able to develop an entire video game and launch it to steam.  I think a lot of people just don't really know how to use it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Apples and oranges permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 0 points 1 day ago I just think at some point in the near future the economy and productivity is going to be directly linked to our ability to access compute. It won't really be seen as a hobby. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 18 hours ago I've been experimenting with ChatGPT image generation to make memes, and it refuses to draw almost anything I try to ask it to. I ended up having to make it generate parts of my final vision and manually edit together in Photoshop. permalink parent award report block reply
turdinthepunch 1 points 1 day ago I don't know.  I was able to develop an entire video game and launch it to steam.  I think a lot of people just don't really know how to use it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Apples and oranges permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 0 points 1 day ago I just think at some point in the near future the economy and productivity is going to be directly linked to our ability to access compute. It won't really be seen as a hobby. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 18 hours ago I've been experimenting with ChatGPT image generation to make memes, and it refuses to draw almost anything I try to ask it to. I ended up having to make it generate parts of my final vision and manually edit together in Photoshop. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Apples and oranges permalink parent award report block reply turdinthepunch 0 points 1 day ago I just think at some point in the near future the economy and productivity is going to be directly linked to our ability to access compute. It won't really be seen as a hobby. permalink parent award report block reply
turdinthepunch 0 points 1 day ago I just think at some point in the near future the economy and productivity is going to be directly linked to our ability to access compute. It won't really be seen as a hobby. permalink parent award report block reply
npc_1234 1 points 18 hours ago I've been experimenting with ChatGPT image generation to make memes, and it refuses to draw almost anything I try to ask it to. I ended up having to make it generate parts of my final vision and manually edit together in Photoshop. permalink parent award report block reply
Washington_Redskins 2 points 1 day ago Let them eat carbon credits.. permalink award report block reply
Bubbahax 2 points 1 day ago Musk opened an AI facility in Memphis and my electric bill went from $300 a month to $500 a month. permalink award report block reply
TheSHazDroid 2 points 1 day ago Blackrock is buying utility companies. Ai data centers are the new "BIG THING" but they require enormous electricity and water. And some idiots are building them in the desert. Any government from federal, to state to local, if they agree to provide the utility to these centers on the taxpayer dime, is criminal. Microsoft asking it and using it's leverage is almost criminal. If they do it right, companies should make a nice profit from these Ai centers, therefore they should be able to fully pay the utility bill. The power requirements will mean more power plants, if not utility prices will go up from the demand. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 1 day ago Artificial intelligence is not real intelligence. One day, humans might be intelligent enough to understand this. permalink award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 1 day ago That sounds like a Microsoft problem. permalink award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 1 day ago Just plug in what you can afford to power - cunts. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago “Microsoft CEO Satya-“ Imma stop you right there! permalink award report block reply
Canadiapede7 1 points 1 day ago So then why did you invest in them if you can’t afford it? No more bail outs, let these fuckers die, Microsoft hasn’t been innovative in years, they copy everything and have nothing to show for it. permalink award report block reply
iamstadter 1 points 1 day ago Satya looks like an aids riddled corpse. permalink award report block reply
bagel_fragility 1 points 1 day ago another dalit permalink award report block reply
blueeyephoto 1 points 1 day ago not my problem to subsidize your energy needs. permalink award report block reply
BadBrainsBuzzcocks 1 points 1 day ago They can fund nuclear. Oh wait....AI isn't profitable. permalink award report block reply
Melchizedek18 1 points 1 day ago Which means the primary way to halt AI mass suveillance is to prevent it from being fully plugged in. permalink award report block reply
RealTXPatriot 1 points 1 day ago Pretty sure this is the prequel to the Matrix. Eventually the machines scorch the skies from energy production. permalink award report block reply
2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 1 day ago They are a very wealthy corporation...buy/build electricity generation sources.  Don't soak the citizens. permalink award report block reply
Ryunnsun 1 points 1 day ago Sounds like you should charge for it. Instead they will try to argue it's a public utility and we'll pay for it in the form of higher energy bills. permalink award report block reply
Serude 1 points 1 day ago Is that the new bond villain 🦹, I mean come on now jack. permalink award report block reply
Capitalism_Fuck_Yeah 1 points 1 day ago Maybe they should build a nuclear plant to go along with it? Over build and sell excess into the grid. permalink award report block reply BillGall2 2 points 1 day ago Good idea.  Each of these large data centers should be required to provide their own power, whether it be SMR, natural gas or geothermal and require to build enough extra capacity (perhaps 2X what they need) to provide additional power  to the local area.  New data centers would then contribute to our electrical infrastructure, not be a drain. permalink parent award report block reply
BillGall2 2 points 1 day ago Good idea.  Each of these large data centers should be required to provide their own power, whether it be SMR, natural gas or geothermal and require to build enough extra capacity (perhaps 2X what they need) to provide additional power  to the local area.  New data centers would then contribute to our electrical infrastructure, not be a drain. permalink parent award report block reply
GainesvilleFlorida 1 points 1 day ago Thai means nothing. Dumb title at least permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 0 points 1 day ago It's common sense that Nuclear & Solar power would outlive all the coal on the planet.  There's going to be a breaking point of mining for it in the future and then what good is AI without electricity.  Build your own plants with your billions. permalink award report block reply
datraceman 0 points 1 day ago I am a technology consultant in the Power/Utility industry and this has been my argument for the last 3 years and demand for AI is making it worse. I've done work with the three biggest utilities east of the Mississippi and let me tell you, our grid and infrastructure needs an overhaul period and the rise of AI and data centers makes it worse. Some companies are thinking long range but it'll be over 10 years before we get anywhere but Dominion Energy in Virginia has a plan on the table to create Nuclear Power reactors the size of a basketball court that will power AI Data Centers off grid and be housed in a facility next to them. Further complicating the matter is how insane leftist policies have become. Take Alabama for instance, they have a power generation surplus and used to sell excess power to Texas and other western states. Those other states decided not to do business with southern "racist" states and now face energy shortages and crisis in the name of the Green New Deal. The Austin power failures during the snow storm wouldn't have happened if they hadn't implemented policies such as this. I HATE paying taxes because the government doesn't spend my money on things that are important to everyone and instead hyper focus on foreign aid and handouts. The reality is, our taxes should go to paying for infrastructure improvements. You want to see our economy truly roar, get rid of Obamacare and all the leftist pet projects and invest in oil pipelines, upgrading the power grid through new innovative transmission lines, generating plants, road improvements, bridge improvements, and airport renovations. That would not only benefit the poor, the wealthy, the middle class...but it would create millions of jobs for two decades. permalink award report block reply
grannylovestrump -1 points 1 day ago This is what Grok says and I agree: The Best Solution: A Multi-Pronged Push Toward Advanced Nuclear (Especially Small Modular Reactors and Fusion)In my view, the optimal path forward is aggressively scaling carbon-free, high-density baseload power via advanced nuclear technologies, combined with near-term efficiency gains and renewables where feasible. Here's why this beats alternatives:Reliability and Density Match AI Needs Perfectly:AI data centers require 24/7 "always-on" power at gigawatt scales—intermittents like wind/solar can't deliver without overbuilding grids/storage (costly and slow). datacenterknowledge.com Nuclear provides constant, high-output energy in compact footprints. Small Modular Reactors (SMRs) can be factory-built, deployed quickly (3-5 years vs. 10+ for traditional plants), and placed "behind-the-meter" directly at data centers, bypassing grid delays. mckinsey.com +1 Tech Giants Are Already Betting Big on It:Microsoft is leading: Restarting Three Mile Island (835MW deal for 20 years, online ~2027-2028), partnering on SMRs, and buying fusion power from Helion. gfmag.com +2 Google, Amazon, and others are signing similar nuclear PPAs (e.g., Kairos Power SMRs, Oklo). thebulletin.org Fusion (longer-term) gets AI acceleration: Microsoft is using AI/ML to speed plasma simulations and control—potentially shaving decades off development. news.microsoft.com +2 Complements Other Fixes (Not All-or-Nothing):Efficiency First: Power capping GPUs, better chips (e.g., 65% energy savings via advanced networking), liquid/immersion cooling, and AI-optimized software can cut demand 20-50% immediately. blogs.cisco.com +1 Renewables + Storage: Great for offsets, but pair with nuclear for baseload.
Policy Push: Streamline permitting (e.g., via Defense Production Act) and incentives to build 45GW+ needed by 2030. rand.org permalink award report block reply HocusLocus 1 points 1 day ago We need ap1000s now, actually molten salt but the US fucked up in 1970.  China will beat us in commercializing the thing we invented.  Nothing less than 1GW electric, it's a waste of money.  Know who's griping it should be SMALL reactors?  The billionaires who want to put them in their survival enclaves.  Fuck the billionaires.  Ap1000 is way beyond generations of unsafe nuclear, any port in a storm.  50 years of crap engineers playing with toys that will end our civilization in a continent wide ice storm. permalink parent award report block reply BillGall2 1 points 1 day ago SMRs are still 5 years out for going into large scale production.  Natural gas generation of electrical power could be accomplished in a year or two as an interim solution.  Geothermal demonstration projects are currently under way in the west. It could be an alternative solution. permalink parent award report block reply
HocusLocus 1 points 1 day ago We need ap1000s now, actually molten salt but the US fucked up in 1970.  China will beat us in commercializing the thing we invented.  Nothing less than 1GW electric, it's a waste of money.  Know who's griping it should be SMALL reactors?  The billionaires who want to put them in their survival enclaves.  Fuck the billionaires.  Ap1000 is way beyond generations of unsafe nuclear, any port in a storm.  50 years of crap engineers playing with toys that will end our civilization in a continent wide ice storm. permalink parent award report block reply
BillGall2 1 points 1 day ago SMRs are still 5 years out for going into large scale production.  Natural gas generation of electrical power could be accomplished in a year or two as an interim solution.  Geothermal demonstration projects are currently under way in the west. It could be an alternative solution. permalink parent award report block reply
jtowers2255 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply