270 Governor Glenn Youngkin leaves Virginia politics with a majority approval rating. This just goes to show why you never do diversity hires. No more women. No more minorities. Men. White men. SAVE AMERICA posted 7 days ago by PatriotSam 16 comments award share report block OSZ @OpenSourceZone • 7d Glenn Youngkin Approval Rating CNN Exit Poll 🟢 Approve: 53% (+10) 🔴 Disapprove: 43%
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save South_Florida_Guy 8 points 7 days ago Yup, trying to show how tolerant we are by running a black woman for a major seat like that was retarded and a guaranteed loss, been saying it. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 7 days ago There's prolly some black people that would be ok there, but Sears was kind of a meme candidate like Silwa permalink parent award report block reply TheSonOfGadsden 5 points 7 days ago Now any good he did, is about to be undone. permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 5 points 7 days ago All he really did was change the curriculum, but blue districts didn't even follow it so it doesn't change that much permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 2 points 7 days ago He actually cleaned voter rolls and secured VA elections, to an extent lol. Of course, they still get to vote like 25 years early, so it's fucked. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago True I'll give him credit there as well. He wasn't a bad governor, I don't see him as a very good governor either. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 5 points 7 days ago It also shows that basically only the top of the ticket matters. If they inspire enough enthusiasm, you can run like Stalin or Hitler under them and still win. Just saying, permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 2 points 7 days ago Perhaps each office should have a separate ballot, this will stop that stupid down ballot psychology effect from happening. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 7 days ago That may make the problem worse with people only requesting the Presidential ballot. Maybe have the ballots get rejected by the ballot checker unless every race is voted on, while providing an "abstain" option on each race for those who truly wish to do so? permalink parent award report block reply ThreeTimeTrumper 3 points 7 days ago Women will always lose to a competent man. People can more easily picture men as politicians in positions of power. permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago Yes, it commands respect. Regardless of race, which the 2008 primary showed us with Barack and Hillary. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 7 days ago Stupid fucking GOP. The GOP LOVES DEI. Watch how everyone fawns over a black person saying anything even loosely right wing. All Candace Owens had to do was say "I love Trump," and the right threw millions of dollars at her dumb ass. permalink award report block reply DingDongDitch 3 points 7 days ago They ran an idiot and lost. permalink award report block reply Greenhills 2 points 7 days ago Some fuckery is a foot if he’s rating that high and they didn’t vote to continue his plan. permalink award report block reply Scuffers 1 points 7 days ago he failed to sort out his states' election system from obvious fraud permalink award report block reply Scatter-Shot 1 points 7 days ago And the Virginians vote a Democrat as next Governor. Are they just racist? permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago If white people voted Democrat, they would have so much pro-white propaganda out there it would make your head spin. They don't care about race they care about ideology. Whoever is not with them is the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 8 points 7 days ago Yup, trying to show how tolerant we are by running a black woman for a major seat like that was retarded and a guaranteed loss, been saying it. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 7 days ago There's prolly some black people that would be ok there, but Sears was kind of a meme candidate like Silwa permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 7 days ago There's prolly some black people that would be ok there, but Sears was kind of a meme candidate like Silwa permalink parent award report block reply
TheSonOfGadsden 5 points 7 days ago Now any good he did, is about to be undone. permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 5 points 7 days ago All he really did was change the curriculum, but blue districts didn't even follow it so it doesn't change that much permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 2 points 7 days ago He actually cleaned voter rolls and secured VA elections, to an extent lol. Of course, they still get to vote like 25 years early, so it's fucked. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago True I'll give him credit there as well. He wasn't a bad governor, I don't see him as a very good governor either. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 5 points 7 days ago All he really did was change the curriculum, but blue districts didn't even follow it so it doesn't change that much permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 2 points 7 days ago He actually cleaned voter rolls and secured VA elections, to an extent lol. Of course, they still get to vote like 25 years early, so it's fucked. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago True I'll give him credit there as well. He wasn't a bad governor, I don't see him as a very good governor either. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 2 points 7 days ago He actually cleaned voter rolls and secured VA elections, to an extent lol. Of course, they still get to vote like 25 years early, so it's fucked. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago True I'll give him credit there as well. He wasn't a bad governor, I don't see him as a very good governor either. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago True I'll give him credit there as well. He wasn't a bad governor, I don't see him as a very good governor either. permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 5 points 7 days ago It also shows that basically only the top of the ticket matters. If they inspire enough enthusiasm, you can run like Stalin or Hitler under them and still win. Just saying, permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 2 points 7 days ago Perhaps each office should have a separate ballot, this will stop that stupid down ballot psychology effect from happening. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 7 days ago That may make the problem worse with people only requesting the Presidential ballot. Maybe have the ballots get rejected by the ballot checker unless every race is voted on, while providing an "abstain" option on each race for those who truly wish to do so? permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 2 points 7 days ago Perhaps each office should have a separate ballot, this will stop that stupid down ballot psychology effect from happening. permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 7 days ago That may make the problem worse with people only requesting the Presidential ballot. Maybe have the ballots get rejected by the ballot checker unless every race is voted on, while providing an "abstain" option on each race for those who truly wish to do so? permalink parent award report block reply
npc_1234 1 points 7 days ago That may make the problem worse with people only requesting the Presidential ballot. Maybe have the ballots get rejected by the ballot checker unless every race is voted on, while providing an "abstain" option on each race for those who truly wish to do so? permalink parent award report block reply
ThreeTimeTrumper 3 points 7 days ago Women will always lose to a competent man. People can more easily picture men as politicians in positions of power. permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago Yes, it commands respect. Regardless of race, which the 2008 primary showed us with Barack and Hillary. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago Yes, it commands respect. Regardless of race, which the 2008 primary showed us with Barack and Hillary. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 3 points 7 days ago Stupid fucking GOP. The GOP LOVES DEI. Watch how everyone fawns over a black person saying anything even loosely right wing. All Candace Owens had to do was say "I love Trump," and the right threw millions of dollars at her dumb ass. permalink award report block reply
DingDongDitch 3 points 7 days ago They ran an idiot and lost. permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 2 points 7 days ago Some fuckery is a foot if he’s rating that high and they didn’t vote to continue his plan. permalink award report block reply
Scuffers 1 points 7 days ago he failed to sort out his states' election system from obvious fraud permalink award report block reply
Scatter-Shot 1 points 7 days ago And the Virginians vote a Democrat as next Governor. Are they just racist? permalink award report block reply PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago If white people voted Democrat, they would have so much pro-white propaganda out there it would make your head spin. They don't care about race they care about ideology. Whoever is not with them is the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam OP 1 points 7 days ago If white people voted Democrat, they would have so much pro-white propaganda out there it would make your head spin. They don't care about race they care about ideology. Whoever is not with them is the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply