640 The state of Oregon started mail ballots in elections 44 years ago.

The last Republican Mayor of Portland, Oregon was 45 years ago.

Make sense now? posted 2 days ago by blue5707 7 comments award share report block C3 @C_3C_3 • 2d The state of Oregon started mail ballots in elections 44 years ago. The last Republican Mayor of Portland, Oregon was 45 years ago. Make sense now?
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget papagiorgio-g 13 points 2 days ago When I left for the Army,  the Oregon State Legislature was majority GOP. The Governor was GOP. Our two US Senators were Mark Hatfield and Bob Packwood, both GOP. Vote by mail and the huge influx of Californians and Illegal Aliens destroyed Oregon. permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 9 points 2 days ago I live in Oregon currently. You aren’t wrong. Moved here for work and was happy at the time because I had a lot of land to shoot on and there were no real laws limiting firearms. It was also extremely safe. I remember spending time with my girlfriend (now wife) and we were talking about how great it would be to start a family here. Now? I’ve had to chase junkies off from our trash because they were digging through it. Almost killed by Indians who were attempting to drive. Junkies everywhere. Illegals everywhere (state is pretty much Cartel controlled). Everything is overpriced. Taxes are through the roof (pay over 6-figures in taxes per year). Job market is absolute shit. State is extremely unfriendly to business owners. Firearm laws keep getting pushed through (they are trying to push a magazine ban and a permit to purchase requirement through) and the most recent tax bill that was overwhelmingly rejected was pushed through on Labor Day. Governor Kotek refuses to sign it since she’s trying to run the clock down on signature collection to get it stomped out. The governor always falls back on her drunk wife as a reason why she can’t be criticized. Beautiful state ruined by the liberal cancer in Eugene, Salem and Portland. permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 2 points 2 days ago I use to drive by over 40 RVs on my way to work off Marine Drive as they also allowed shit RVs to park along the Columbia River and trash the hell out of the place. Had random cars show up on my street only to get picked clean. 4k a year in property taxes and it was kept like a trash dump. Just allowing people to build sheds on public land next to houses that are worth $1M down the street. Im like PTSD and OCD about trash and homeless on the street now. We moved after covid to Florida north of Orlando and it was like moving from hell to heaven I shit you not. permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 5 points 2 days ago With mail in voting there is no "secret ballot", you have to sign your envelope or the ballot isn't valid.  People who vote against the ruling party are known and can be easily targeted.   Even if they aren't, the fact that their signature is on their ballot will inevitably intimidate many voters to always vote for the ruling party. permalink award report block reply KeepingAmericaGreat 4 points 2 days ago Philadelphia adopted something called Home Charter Rule in 1951.  Consistently Democrat mayors since then, not one Republican. permalink award report block reply Roadpower 4 points 2 days ago Gee, could have shenanigans been afoot?!?! permalink award report block reply thelastlast 3 points 2 days ago weak people cheat.  it means nothing to them. permalink award report block reply
papagiorgio-g 13 points 2 days ago When I left for the Army,  the Oregon State Legislature was majority GOP. The Governor was GOP. Our two US Senators were Mark Hatfield and Bob Packwood, both GOP. Vote by mail and the huge influx of Californians and Illegal Aliens destroyed Oregon. permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 9 points 2 days ago I live in Oregon currently. You aren’t wrong. Moved here for work and was happy at the time because I had a lot of land to shoot on and there were no real laws limiting firearms. It was also extremely safe. I remember spending time with my girlfriend (now wife) and we were talking about how great it would be to start a family here. Now? I’ve had to chase junkies off from our trash because they were digging through it. Almost killed by Indians who were attempting to drive. Junkies everywhere. Illegals everywhere (state is pretty much Cartel controlled). Everything is overpriced. Taxes are through the roof (pay over 6-figures in taxes per year). Job market is absolute shit. State is extremely unfriendly to business owners. Firearm laws keep getting pushed through (they are trying to push a magazine ban and a permit to purchase requirement through) and the most recent tax bill that was overwhelmingly rejected was pushed through on Labor Day. Governor Kotek refuses to sign it since she’s trying to run the clock down on signature collection to get it stomped out. The governor always falls back on her drunk wife as a reason why she can’t be criticized. Beautiful state ruined by the liberal cancer in Eugene, Salem and Portland. permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 2 points 2 days ago I use to drive by over 40 RVs on my way to work off Marine Drive as they also allowed shit RVs to park along the Columbia River and trash the hell out of the place. Had random cars show up on my street only to get picked clean. 4k a year in property taxes and it was kept like a trash dump. Just allowing people to build sheds on public land next to houses that are worth $1M down the street. Im like PTSD and OCD about trash and homeless on the street now. We moved after covid to Florida north of Orlando and it was like moving from hell to heaven I shit you not. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 9 points 2 days ago I live in Oregon currently. You aren’t wrong. Moved here for work and was happy at the time because I had a lot of land to shoot on and there were no real laws limiting firearms. It was also extremely safe. I remember spending time with my girlfriend (now wife) and we were talking about how great it would be to start a family here. Now? I’ve had to chase junkies off from our trash because they were digging through it. Almost killed by Indians who were attempting to drive. Junkies everywhere. Illegals everywhere (state is pretty much Cartel controlled). Everything is overpriced. Taxes are through the roof (pay over 6-figures in taxes per year). Job market is absolute shit. State is extremely unfriendly to business owners. Firearm laws keep getting pushed through (they are trying to push a magazine ban and a permit to purchase requirement through) and the most recent tax bill that was overwhelmingly rejected was pushed through on Labor Day. Governor Kotek refuses to sign it since she’s trying to run the clock down on signature collection to get it stomped out. The governor always falls back on her drunk wife as a reason why she can’t be criticized. Beautiful state ruined by the liberal cancer in Eugene, Salem and Portland. permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 2 points 2 days ago I use to drive by over 40 RVs on my way to work off Marine Drive as they also allowed shit RVs to park along the Columbia River and trash the hell out of the place. Had random cars show up on my street only to get picked clean. 4k a year in property taxes and it was kept like a trash dump. Just allowing people to build sheds on public land next to houses that are worth $1M down the street. Im like PTSD and OCD about trash and homeless on the street now. We moved after covid to Florida north of Orlando and it was like moving from hell to heaven I shit you not. permalink parent award report block reply
BrainwashedbyTrump 2 points 2 days ago I use to drive by over 40 RVs on my way to work off Marine Drive as they also allowed shit RVs to park along the Columbia River and trash the hell out of the place. Had random cars show up on my street only to get picked clean. 4k a year in property taxes and it was kept like a trash dump. Just allowing people to build sheds on public land next to houses that are worth $1M down the street. Im like PTSD and OCD about trash and homeless on the street now. We moved after covid to Florida north of Orlando and it was like moving from hell to heaven I shit you not. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 5 points 2 days ago With mail in voting there is no "secret ballot", you have to sign your envelope or the ballot isn't valid.  People who vote against the ruling party are known and can be easily targeted.   Even if they aren't, the fact that their signature is on their ballot will inevitably intimidate many voters to always vote for the ruling party. permalink award report block reply
KeepingAmericaGreat 4 points 2 days ago Philadelphia adopted something called Home Charter Rule in 1951.  Consistently Democrat mayors since then, not one Republican. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 4 points 2 days ago Gee, could have shenanigans been afoot?!?! permalink award report block reply
thelastlast 3 points 2 days ago weak people cheat.  it means nothing to them. permalink award report block reply