678 Elon Musk says Tesla Optimus robot will 'eliminate poverty,' provide 'amazing medical care' (thepostmillennial.com) posted 1 day ago by Sea_Still 199 comments award share report block Elon Musk says Tesla Optimus robot will ‘eliminate poverty,’ provide ‘amazing medical care’ “Optimus will actually eliminate poverty.” thepostmillennial.com
199 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Now_On_to_Mars 77 points 1 day ago I ain't signing up for a Optimus prostate exam permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 1 day ago Nor for the deepstate-run NWO Terminators to shoot me for wrongthink. Me: "I doubt the world ruler is god. I think he is wicke-" Robot: MACHINEGUNS ME DOWN permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 21 points 1 day ago Don't worry, your remains will be used as fertilizer for ethically sourced produce for impoverished illegal alien gay trans black disabled people permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 day ago Soylent Green is people! permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 1 day ago How does it taste? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MAGAPlenty 5 points 1 day ago We’re going to be used as THEIR batteries permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 1 day ago Nah, the original Matrix had humans being used for their brainpower, as a giant neural network, but that was too confusing for normies so they switched it to human batteries, which made NO sense. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 1 day ago I hear the dietician robot just starves your fat ass thin. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 5 points 1 day ago "Wait. Why is it bringing out an augur?" permalink parent award report block reply Get_Off_Big_Tech 4 points 1 day ago But the robots don't even have prostates. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 23 hours ago have you checked? permalink parent award report block reply Get_Off_Big_Tech 1 points 23 hours ago That sounds like a job for another robot. Or maybe an Indian doctor. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago It won't eliminate poverty, it will increase it by eliminating motivation and jobs. permalink parent award report block reply load 17 more comments... FudgyFudgeBots 52 points 1 day ago To eliminate poverty, the poverty mindset has to be eliminated first. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 36 points 1 day ago No, I think he means eliminate the poor. Like terminator. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 9 points 1 day ago He mentioned healthcare. Abortion is now considered healthcare, and just like the slippery slope predicted, MAID is now considered healthcare. A MAID offshoot is now going to eliminate poverty. It's the slippery slope rule. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 1 day ago It’s the original Modest Proposal permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 1 day ago A little from column A, a little from column B permalink parent award report block reply tellittothedead2 15 points 1 day ago Based permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago THIS! permalink parent award report block reply bobbacringo 1 points 22 hours ago Well, good luck explaining that to the blacks. 400 years later and they still don't get it. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 0 points 1 day ago True enough. And there will always be the infirm who are unable to work, as well. See Mark 14:7, again. :) "For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will, ye may do them good; but Me ye have not always." permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 5 points 1 day ago Bruh, you're misunderstanding that. They tried to make excuses not to help Jesus or give money. They said "Well, you know, we got these poor people could take care of..." Jesus was saying "You've had the poor this whole time and haven't helped them." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago That is actively misquoting the bible. permalink parent award report block reply Magma_Biscuit 33 points 1 day ago So how does a population make money to live if AI and robots are taking over all the jobs? permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 37 points 1 day ago Well for starters these robots can now dig graves. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 8 points 1 day ago Well at least this Pede and 7 others get what's coming. permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 4 points 1 day ago They've been trained! permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago 👆 permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 20 points 1 day ago invent new jobs and value those things over what robots make. Look at things now already, how much of our economy is fake? What is actually more valuable to you - the work of the guy who put the roof up on your house so it doesn't leak, or the work of the HR Karen who made sure that guy didn't whistle at anyone that week? For decades HR Karen has been paid more. The only trick is to force the government and the economist into valuing whatever bullshit you decide to do more than the robot, and preferably the HR Karen as well. Lobby and get enough of like minded people in power and you can get yourself paid 200k a year to throw rotten fruit at Karen and making her clean it up. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 10 points 1 day ago Roofing has been dominated by illegal aliens for years which drives the earnings down. Cost not so much because the people orchestrating are taking a big cut. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 6 points 1 day ago Robot repairmen and AI deprogrammers when it becomes addicted to it’s own narcissism. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago And all the upstream systems to produce such robots. Mining, manufacturing, etc permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 3 points 1 day ago Lol why would humans still be doing a dangerous mining job permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago They could be overseeing as foremen, for example. Calling in repair teams when a robot craps out, etc. But yes the actual hard labor will be robots. All the more reason to secure the border and kick out illegals and lock down immigration permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... FatigueIsReal 6 points 1 day ago Universal Basic Income i.e. Socialism permalink parent award report block reply ravonaf 3 points 1 day ago They don't. They will be eliminated. With no people, there will be no poverty. The globalist plan has always been to eliminate 90% of the worlds' population as they are all replaced with automation and the global elite expand their own lives with life extension technology. permalink parent award report block reply load 16 more comments... I_Am_John_Galt 13 points 1 day ago There's going to be nothing left of humanity but those fat Wall-E people on floating lounge chairs. permalink award report block reply ShadowInv 5 points 1 day ago They have ozympic now permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 5 points 1 day ago Ok. Fat people with pancreatitis, thyroid tumors, diabetic retinopathy, gallstones, kidney damage, tachycardia, and losing muscle mass. But hey, they're getting thinner, and that's what matters. permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 3 points 16 hours ago Wew lad some fat pede did not like being confronted with the fact that his injections have harmful side effects, harmful side effects that the smallest amount of self discipline does not have, nor does the exercise and temperance that comes with it. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 day ago We're already 85% of the way there. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 12 points 1 day ago Whenever someone says something will, "eliminate poverty" I immediately call BULLSHIT! permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 8 points 1 day ago In this case I disagree, he said eliminate poverty, not bring people out of poverty. I suspect robots would eliminate the poverty class. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 11 points 1 day ago the best feature, just like all tech up to this point, no one is accountable when things go wrong! permalink award report block reply tt777 1 points 1 day ago "It's wasn't me, it was the AI's fault." permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 9 points 1 day ago Lack of human interaction is isolation of the soul, no matter how much healthcare the robot gives, people don't want to die alone.  I support robots but not to replace them by the human touch.  We have healing energy that can't be mimicked and most don't know how to tap it. permalink award report block reply ActNow 5 points 1 day ago This. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 8 points 1 day ago Robots took our jobs and somehow that eliminates poverty?  Did the poor get taken to the meat grinder to provide some sort of protein based gel to feed the rest of the proles? permalink award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 1 day ago The transition could be bumpy like any other breakthrough tech but long term radical prosperity. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 1 day ago Why the fuck are you on a Trump forum as some kind of demand side economics Keynesian? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago You’ve yet to answer the question asked in this thread, while you act constantly indignant. How does Optimus prime eliminate poverty? It’s clear Elon is eluding to eventual UBI while the robots take care of everything. Is that what you’re suggesting too captain unaware accidental communist? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 1 day ago Your presumption is that demand is the basis of economic function not supply. You are a communist permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago Lol, the UBI proponent calling people communist. And still couldn’t answer the question asked. Like a bitch. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Necrovoter 1 points 23 hours ago Demand and supply are two different sides of the equation.  Increased supply does not lower demand, it lowers price.   If you drastically increase the supply of workers beyond demand (illegal aliens, cheap robots), then you drop the wages of workers.    Demand is a different factor - such as hundreds of millions of people suddenly wanting masks due to everything in the the Plandemic.   The supply was the same as it had been the prior year, but the demand increased dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... IPFreely -2 points 1 day ago Robert Kiyosaki from Ricb Dad, Poor Sad said that most people are communists and don’t know it. After I heard that, I started noticing that a lot of people who did not identify as communists had communists notions about profit and production. The problem is that most people only have a basic understanding of communism. They don’t identify the arguments against increases in production as being communist. The manifesto is short, under 1:30 if you listen on YouTube. I recommend everyone listen to it, so you can understand how much of it has been tacitly accepted by the public. permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv -4 points 1 day ago No, the poor reprogrammed the robots to harm the rich. We do need wealth limits. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 3 points 1 day ago Commie permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago I feel like I'll be dying in a hospital or retirement home in 30 years and robots will be caring for me. Hopefully they at least look human and hot by then permalink award report block reply Tele_Plus 5 points 1 day ago and hot by then. lol, a valid concern. Actually Japan will probably beat us on the hot robot front. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=T_IDEfypjcE Obligatory: https://youtu.be/x7PnfoxDWIQ?si=Vz7IyFKPU3CcaN9T permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 3 points 1 day ago if youre in a nursing home, waking up everyday with no memory of who anyone is or where you are… and you see ugly ass robots, that makes life even more scary!! but you wake up surrounded by sexy robots…… its much easier to not flip out and panic:) permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 6 points 1 day ago That's called marketing. No, those of us that actually know something about robotics know that this is a load of shit. permalink award report block reply Scot 6 points 1 day ago To be fair, if it doesn't actively try to kill you, the medical care will be an improvement. permalink award report block reply PastorCharles 6 points 1 day ago The only product I've bought in the last decade that actually delivers on all of its promises is the Scrub Daddy sponge. permalink award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 20 hours ago Scrub Daddy is LEGIT permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 4 points 1 day ago Didn't he say we'd be on mars by 2018? Lolol permalink award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 day ago to be fair we could have been on mars during carters administration with enough money and some luck. permalink parent award report block reply Nancys_drooping_eye 4 points 1 day ago Our society decided babysitting stone age gatherers was the bigger priority. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 1 day ago People have this sci-fi vision about how settling Mars would actually work out... If you really think about the logistics of what would be involved, if the project had started under Carter and with continued effort towards that goal since, we might be nearing a place where we might be ready to send a first group of settlers, and even then the odds would be slim for survival. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 hour ago i meant an apollo style visit. again, odds of surivial are not good, but they could get lucky:) permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 1 day ago Not sure how that explains musks failure to do it 50 years later permalink parent award report block reply TexasBrowncoat 4 points 1 day ago So if Musk's robot runs on Amazon webservers, would it then be Optimus Prime? permalink award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 20 hours ago Finally, finally, I scroll the whole page and FINALLY find a transformers reference!  WTF is wrong with you people!!??  Fuckin' crazy Megatron face should have been the first comment! permalink parent award report block reply MaBaker 3 points 1 day ago Eliminate poverty huh? Why? When there will be no need for less educated (or neither educated) workforce, the less educated will live better than now? permalink award report block reply yurimodin 2 points 1 day ago Boomers can still sell Chinese slave products to their unemployed grandchildren on credit cards in perpetuity so its all good. permalink parent award report block reply PhantomShield72 3 points 1 day ago Fantastic platitude. HOW will it eliminate poverty? H O W ? permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 1 day ago by eliminating the cause, which is humans. Skynet is at the door. No one cares about the warning Terminator gave us. TPTB are pro-technoprogressivism. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 4 points 1 day ago if everyone who had cancer, died tomorrow, cancer would be eliminated. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 1 day ago By investors giving Elon a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 2 points 1 day ago everyone gets a robot, and the robot goes to work for us. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 1 day ago It can't even sweep a floor. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 1 points 1 day ago Neither can most of the replacements the West is currently being flooded with. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 1 day ago That is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply pickleball_jones 2 points 1 day ago He can fuck right off with that clanker bullshit permalink award report block reply birddogz 2 points 1 day ago Everyone can have an Optimus robot spying on everything you do and upload it to the internet to be used by those who rule over you. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 1 day ago I don't trust robots... But neither do I trust the third world retards staffing hospitals either. permalink award report block reply Wally1 2 points 1 day ago Poverty is too profitable for many people to want to eliminate. Along with homelessness, substance abuse, crime, cancer and so on. permalink award report block reply LORDFALCONE 2 points 1 day ago The Devils Champion permalink award report block reply PatriotDescendant 2 points 1 day ago He's not wrong. But, he kinda' downplays the transition period. Hell, the US Government withheld SNAP payments for how long? And all Hell nearly broke loose. The transition from an agrarian to an industrial economy took decades and was extraordinarily disruptive. This transition is an order of magnitude more traumatic and is taking place at mach two. Hang on to your asses! permalink award report block reply Thereyago 1 points 23 hours ago The leftist media whipped up a frenzy to make people fear food riots, snap was never withheld enough to cause anything. permalink parent award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 2 points 1 day ago Some 5 million dollar robot is gonna eliminate poverty. Yeah, ok. LOL permalink award report block reply mailinvoter 2 points 1 day ago Will a panjeet be controlling it remotely from India aka slavery? permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 1 day ago That's retarded permalink award report block reply TerdFurguson 2 points 1 day ago It won't, and it won't. People see a drop and imagine it's an ocean a lot these days. permalink award report block reply schism 2 points 1 day ago It's easy to eliminate poverty when you eliminate the poor. permalink award report block reply ThePatriotGames2016 2 points 1 day ago no, pretty sure it won't. permalink award report block reply Fact 2 points 1 day ago "Optimus, perform a gender reassignment surgery." "Confirmed. Performing gender resentment surgery." permalink award report block reply deleted 2 points 1 day ago Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 day ago The government needs to pay intergenerational poors a lump sum of tens of thousands to get sterilized.  This will pay for itself.  Immigration needs to be stopped unless the immigrant is a legal medical doctor or knows how to make high tech weapons.  No more h1B data analysts or whatever that help a corporation make .000001% more profit this quarter. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 1 points 1 day ago Catholics will never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago It can't even sweep a floor with a human controlling it, how the fuck is it going to pick crops? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago Tractors replaced peasants. The USA already did that decades ago. permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 1 points 1 day ago They said that about the Indians. permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 1 points 1 day ago Talking his book.  Let's see the products. permalink award report block reply Seruna_Kanus 1 points 21 hours ago How will machines eliminate poverty while costs for survival are getting worse and worse? permalink award report block reply quantum-step 1 points 21 hours ago It's programmed and built by pajeets (like everything else he owns), then all that robot's gonna do is cop a feel of bobs and vagine. permalink award report block reply MemeWarsVet 1 points 1 day ago Before or after it falls over and can't get up? permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Oh, great! Now we need 2 robots. permalink parent award report block reply ManWhoMakesTheMusic 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, they come with built in ventilators... permalink award report block reply y_do_i_need_to_hide 1 points 1 day ago No thanks, immigrant. :) permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 1 day ago So slowly kill off population by covid vax and get rid of useless eaters to replace them with robots? permalink award report block reply MeMargie 1 points 1 day ago eliminate Humanity. permalink award report block reply GreyKnight 1 points 1 day ago Saying you can eliminate poverty is like saying you are going to execute anyone who is slightly lazy, homeless, fat, disabled, inexperienced, too young or old…or become some Star Trek nation which is less likely… permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 1 day ago If the game is becoming which multimillionaire technologist are we to put our support behind, then I wholeheartedly choose to go with Elon and his vision of the future. permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 1 day ago Inb4 making them worse permalink award report block reply MJ_43 1 points 24 hours ago Ha, thats the same thing they said about welfare.. how'd that go? permalink award report block reply Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 1 day ago Now we just a billion robot mechanics. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 1 points 1 day ago If it makes it so we deport every 3rd worlder, invader, muslim, indian and block all future immigration because we no longer need their services, it's an OK sacrifice for robot overlords. permalink award report block reply MocksFordComma 1 points 1 day ago MARK 14:7 "For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will, ye may do them good; but Me ye have not always." permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -5 points 1 day ago The Bible was divided into verses for the printing press and translation, not to be used as a basis of spreading the word of the bible. What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply ACActual 1 points 22 hours ago Stupid.  No one but Oligarchs will be able to afford it with their 50 year mortgages permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 1 day ago Free robots for everyone! permalink award report block reply RPD2 1 points 1 day ago With robots providing anything we need, we'll become weak, mentally, physically and maybe even spiritually. Micro-evolution will see that the strongest are barely at an advantage over the weaker. Basically dysgenics to the extreme. permalink award report block reply Big-E 1 points 1 day ago Canada is also eliminating poverty. Through the MAID program. permalink award report block reply FartherRight 1 points 22 hours ago That's us being eliminated. permalink award report block reply BigIgloo 1 points 24 hours ago He will eliminate poverty by eliminating the existence of the poor. permalink award report block reply friedchicken 1 points 1 day ago Wow.  No thank you! permalink award report block reply MakinBacon 1 points 1 day ago yeah......no permalink award report block reply spezisacuckold 0 points 1 day ago It's going to fuck over "Social Security" even more (which should never have been enacted and needs to be privatized by the way) lol permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 1 day ago What the fuck are you talking about? permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Try to ask a question without being deliberately antagonistic and offensive. Maybe "Explain, please?" or "I don't see the connection..." permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 1 day ago The_Donald was an awesome place to hang out. This place is full or assholes and narcissist idiots. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 3 points 1 day ago ...and bots. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -4 points 1 day ago Shut the fuck up, retard. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 0 points 1 day ago All you need to do is make the robots provide a realistic and safe sexual experience. Once the lust is slated, most people will not care about other issues. That's the grim reality. permalink award report block reply BigIgloo 2 points 24 hours ago Women have had machines for this for decades, and it hasn't fixed them. If anything it made them worse permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 1 day ago He's such a retard in some ways... It's cool. But it's cool the same way T2 is cool. permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 0 points 1 day ago we are making robot slaves. the year is 4032 robot slavery has been abolished and so now has humanity REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! permalink award report block reply KarenLukasik 0 points 1 day ago will it blow up like the teslas? permalink award report block reply ravonaf 0 points 1 day ago AI will take over all white collar jobs. Robotics integrated with advanced AI will take over all Blue Collar jobs. If, by "eliminating poverty", he means the Globalists plan to reduce the unneeded world population by 90%. Then yes, it will "eliminate poverty". permalink award report block reply 1691USAGUY 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply WanderingStar 2 points 1 day ago Only if ordered with the multi-function tool. permalink parent award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 77 points 1 day ago I ain't signing up for a Optimus prostate exam permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 1 day ago Nor for the deepstate-run NWO Terminators to shoot me for wrongthink. Me: "I doubt the world ruler is god. I think he is wicke-" Robot: MACHINEGUNS ME DOWN permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 21 points 1 day ago Don't worry, your remains will be used as fertilizer for ethically sourced produce for impoverished illegal alien gay trans black disabled people permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 day ago Soylent Green is people! permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 1 day ago How does it taste? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MAGAPlenty 5 points 1 day ago We’re going to be used as THEIR batteries permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 1 day ago Nah, the original Matrix had humans being used for their brainpower, as a giant neural network, but that was too confusing for normies so they switched it to human batteries, which made NO sense. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 1 day ago I hear the dietician robot just starves your fat ass thin. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 5 points 1 day ago "Wait. Why is it bringing out an augur?" permalink parent award report block reply Get_Off_Big_Tech 4 points 1 day ago But the robots don't even have prostates. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 23 hours ago have you checked? permalink parent award report block reply Get_Off_Big_Tech 1 points 23 hours ago That sounds like a job for another robot. Or maybe an Indian doctor. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago It won't eliminate poverty, it will increase it by eliminating motivation and jobs. permalink parent award report block reply load 17 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 1 day ago Nor for the deepstate-run NWO Terminators to shoot me for wrongthink. Me: "I doubt the world ruler is god. I think he is wicke-" Robot: MACHINEGUNS ME DOWN permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 21 points 1 day ago Don't worry, your remains will be used as fertilizer for ethically sourced produce for impoverished illegal alien gay trans black disabled people permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 day ago Soylent Green is people! permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 1 day ago How does it taste? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MAGAPlenty 5 points 1 day ago We’re going to be used as THEIR batteries permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 1 day ago Nah, the original Matrix had humans being used for their brainpower, as a giant neural network, but that was too confusing for normies so they switched it to human batteries, which made NO sense. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 1 day ago I hear the dietician robot just starves your fat ass thin. permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 21 points 1 day ago Don't worry, your remains will be used as fertilizer for ethically sourced produce for impoverished illegal alien gay trans black disabled people permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 day ago Soylent Green is people! permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 1 day ago How does it taste? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MAGAPlenty 5 points 1 day ago We’re going to be used as THEIR batteries permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 1 day ago Nah, the original Matrix had humans being used for their brainpower, as a giant neural network, but that was too confusing for normies so they switched it to human batteries, which made NO sense. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
IncredibleMrE1 9 points 1 day ago Soylent Green is people! permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 1 day ago How does it taste? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Millie1234 2 points 1 day ago How does it taste? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MAGAPlenty 5 points 1 day ago We’re going to be used as THEIR batteries permalink parent award report block reply Robert 4 points 1 day ago Nah, the original Matrix had humans being used for their brainpower, as a giant neural network, but that was too confusing for normies so they switched it to human batteries, which made NO sense. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Robert 4 points 1 day ago Nah, the original Matrix had humans being used for their brainpower, as a giant neural network, but that was too confusing for normies so they switched it to human batteries, which made NO sense. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 1 day ago I hear the dietician robot just starves your fat ass thin. permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 5 points 1 day ago "Wait. Why is it bringing out an augur?" permalink parent award report block reply
Get_Off_Big_Tech 4 points 1 day ago But the robots don't even have prostates. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 23 hours ago have you checked? permalink parent award report block reply Get_Off_Big_Tech 1 points 23 hours ago That sounds like a job for another robot. Or maybe an Indian doctor. permalink parent award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 23 hours ago have you checked? permalink parent award report block reply Get_Off_Big_Tech 1 points 23 hours ago That sounds like a job for another robot. Or maybe an Indian doctor. permalink parent award report block reply
Get_Off_Big_Tech 1 points 23 hours ago That sounds like a job for another robot. Or maybe an Indian doctor. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 2 points 1 day ago It won't eliminate poverty, it will increase it by eliminating motivation and jobs. permalink parent award report block reply
FudgyFudgeBots 52 points 1 day ago To eliminate poverty, the poverty mindset has to be eliminated first. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 36 points 1 day ago No, I think he means eliminate the poor. Like terminator. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 9 points 1 day ago He mentioned healthcare. Abortion is now considered healthcare, and just like the slippery slope predicted, MAID is now considered healthcare. A MAID offshoot is now going to eliminate poverty. It's the slippery slope rule. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 1 day ago It’s the original Modest Proposal permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 1 day ago A little from column A, a little from column B permalink parent award report block reply tellittothedead2 15 points 1 day ago Based permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago THIS! permalink parent award report block reply bobbacringo 1 points 22 hours ago Well, good luck explaining that to the blacks. 400 years later and they still don't get it. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 0 points 1 day ago True enough. And there will always be the infirm who are unable to work, as well. See Mark 14:7, again. :) "For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will, ye may do them good; but Me ye have not always." permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 5 points 1 day ago Bruh, you're misunderstanding that. They tried to make excuses not to help Jesus or give money. They said "Well, you know, we got these poor people could take care of..." Jesus was saying "You've had the poor this whole time and haven't helped them." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago That is actively misquoting the bible. permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 36 points 1 day ago No, I think he means eliminate the poor. Like terminator. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 9 points 1 day ago He mentioned healthcare. Abortion is now considered healthcare, and just like the slippery slope predicted, MAID is now considered healthcare. A MAID offshoot is now going to eliminate poverty. It's the slippery slope rule. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 1 day ago It’s the original Modest Proposal permalink parent award report block reply LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 1 day ago A little from column A, a little from column B permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 9 points 1 day ago He mentioned healthcare. Abortion is now considered healthcare, and just like the slippery slope predicted, MAID is now considered healthcare. A MAID offshoot is now going to eliminate poverty. It's the slippery slope rule. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 4 points 1 day ago It’s the original Modest Proposal permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 4 points 1 day ago It’s the original Modest Proposal permalink parent award report block reply
LolitaExpressPilot 1 points 1 day ago A little from column A, a little from column B permalink parent award report block reply
tellittothedead2 15 points 1 day ago Based permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago THIS! permalink parent award report block reply
bobbacringo 1 points 22 hours ago Well, good luck explaining that to the blacks. 400 years later and they still don't get it. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 0 points 1 day ago True enough. And there will always be the infirm who are unable to work, as well. See Mark 14:7, again. :) "For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will, ye may do them good; but Me ye have not always." permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 5 points 1 day ago Bruh, you're misunderstanding that. They tried to make excuses not to help Jesus or give money. They said "Well, you know, we got these poor people could take care of..." Jesus was saying "You've had the poor this whole time and haven't helped them." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago That is actively misquoting the bible. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 5 points 1 day ago Bruh, you're misunderstanding that. They tried to make excuses not to help Jesus or give money. They said "Well, you know, we got these poor people could take care of..." Jesus was saying "You've had the poor this whole time and haven't helped them." permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago That is actively misquoting the bible. permalink parent award report block reply
Magma_Biscuit 33 points 1 day ago So how does a population make money to live if AI and robots are taking over all the jobs? permalink award report block reply RusherOfDin 37 points 1 day ago Well for starters these robots can now dig graves. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 8 points 1 day ago Well at least this Pede and 7 others get what's coming. permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 4 points 1 day ago They've been trained! permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago 👆 permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 20 points 1 day ago invent new jobs and value those things over what robots make. Look at things now already, how much of our economy is fake? What is actually more valuable to you - the work of the guy who put the roof up on your house so it doesn't leak, or the work of the HR Karen who made sure that guy didn't whistle at anyone that week? For decades HR Karen has been paid more. The only trick is to force the government and the economist into valuing whatever bullshit you decide to do more than the robot, and preferably the HR Karen as well. Lobby and get enough of like minded people in power and you can get yourself paid 200k a year to throw rotten fruit at Karen and making her clean it up. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 10 points 1 day ago Roofing has been dominated by illegal aliens for years which drives the earnings down. Cost not so much because the people orchestrating are taking a big cut. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 6 points 1 day ago Robot repairmen and AI deprogrammers when it becomes addicted to it’s own narcissism. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago And all the upstream systems to produce such robots. Mining, manufacturing, etc permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 3 points 1 day ago Lol why would humans still be doing a dangerous mining job permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago They could be overseeing as foremen, for example. Calling in repair teams when a robot craps out, etc. But yes the actual hard labor will be robots. All the more reason to secure the border and kick out illegals and lock down immigration permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... FatigueIsReal 6 points 1 day ago Universal Basic Income i.e. Socialism permalink parent award report block reply ravonaf 3 points 1 day ago They don't. They will be eliminated. With no people, there will be no poverty. The globalist plan has always been to eliminate 90% of the worlds' population as they are all replaced with automation and the global elite expand their own lives with life extension technology. permalink parent award report block reply load 16 more comments...
RusherOfDin 37 points 1 day ago Well for starters these robots can now dig graves. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 8 points 1 day ago Well at least this Pede and 7 others get what's coming. permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 4 points 1 day ago They've been trained! permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago 👆 permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 8 points 1 day ago Well at least this Pede and 7 others get what's coming. permalink parent award report block reply
Purebloodsupreme 4 points 1 day ago They've been trained! permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 3 points 1 day ago 👆 permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 20 points 1 day ago invent new jobs and value those things over what robots make. Look at things now already, how much of our economy is fake? What is actually more valuable to you - the work of the guy who put the roof up on your house so it doesn't leak, or the work of the HR Karen who made sure that guy didn't whistle at anyone that week? For decades HR Karen has been paid more. The only trick is to force the government and the economist into valuing whatever bullshit you decide to do more than the robot, and preferably the HR Karen as well. Lobby and get enough of like minded people in power and you can get yourself paid 200k a year to throw rotten fruit at Karen and making her clean it up. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 10 points 1 day ago Roofing has been dominated by illegal aliens for years which drives the earnings down. Cost not so much because the people orchestrating are taking a big cut. permalink parent award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 10 points 1 day ago Roofing has been dominated by illegal aliens for years which drives the earnings down. Cost not so much because the people orchestrating are taking a big cut. permalink parent award report block reply
CharlieMike 6 points 1 day ago Robot repairmen and AI deprogrammers when it becomes addicted to it’s own narcissism. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago And all the upstream systems to produce such robots. Mining, manufacturing, etc permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 3 points 1 day ago Lol why would humans still be doing a dangerous mining job permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago They could be overseeing as foremen, for example. Calling in repair teams when a robot craps out, etc. But yes the actual hard labor will be robots. All the more reason to secure the border and kick out illegals and lock down immigration permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago And all the upstream systems to produce such robots. Mining, manufacturing, etc permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 3 points 1 day ago Lol why would humans still be doing a dangerous mining job permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago They could be overseeing as foremen, for example. Calling in repair teams when a robot craps out, etc. But yes the actual hard labor will be robots. All the more reason to secure the border and kick out illegals and lock down immigration permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
lul_cheto 3 points 1 day ago Lol why would humans still be doing a dangerous mining job permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago They could be overseeing as foremen, for example. Calling in repair teams when a robot craps out, etc. But yes the actual hard labor will be robots. All the more reason to secure the border and kick out illegals and lock down immigration permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 2 points 1 day ago They could be overseeing as foremen, for example. Calling in repair teams when a robot craps out, etc. But yes the actual hard labor will be robots. All the more reason to secure the border and kick out illegals and lock down immigration permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
FatigueIsReal 6 points 1 day ago Universal Basic Income i.e. Socialism permalink parent award report block reply
ravonaf 3 points 1 day ago They don't. They will be eliminated. With no people, there will be no poverty. The globalist plan has always been to eliminate 90% of the worlds' population as they are all replaced with automation and the global elite expand their own lives with life extension technology. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Am_John_Galt 13 points 1 day ago There's going to be nothing left of humanity but those fat Wall-E people on floating lounge chairs. permalink award report block reply ShadowInv 5 points 1 day ago They have ozympic now permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 5 points 1 day ago Ok. Fat people with pancreatitis, thyroid tumors, diabetic retinopathy, gallstones, kidney damage, tachycardia, and losing muscle mass. But hey, they're getting thinner, and that's what matters. permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 3 points 16 hours ago Wew lad some fat pede did not like being confronted with the fact that his injections have harmful side effects, harmful side effects that the smallest amount of self discipline does not have, nor does the exercise and temperance that comes with it. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 day ago We're already 85% of the way there. permalink parent award report block reply
ShadowInv 5 points 1 day ago They have ozympic now permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 5 points 1 day ago Ok. Fat people with pancreatitis, thyroid tumors, diabetic retinopathy, gallstones, kidney damage, tachycardia, and losing muscle mass. But hey, they're getting thinner, and that's what matters. permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 3 points 16 hours ago Wew lad some fat pede did not like being confronted with the fact that his injections have harmful side effects, harmful side effects that the smallest amount of self discipline does not have, nor does the exercise and temperance that comes with it. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 5 points 1 day ago Ok. Fat people with pancreatitis, thyroid tumors, diabetic retinopathy, gallstones, kidney damage, tachycardia, and losing muscle mass. But hey, they're getting thinner, and that's what matters. permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 3 points 16 hours ago Wew lad some fat pede did not like being confronted with the fact that his injections have harmful side effects, harmful side effects that the smallest amount of self discipline does not have, nor does the exercise and temperance that comes with it. permalink parent award report block reply
UncleSlayton 3 points 16 hours ago Wew lad some fat pede did not like being confronted with the fact that his injections have harmful side effects, harmful side effects that the smallest amount of self discipline does not have, nor does the exercise and temperance that comes with it. permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 1 points 1 day ago We're already 85% of the way there. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 12 points 1 day ago Whenever someone says something will, "eliminate poverty" I immediately call BULLSHIT! permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 8 points 1 day ago In this case I disagree, he said eliminate poverty, not bring people out of poverty. I suspect robots would eliminate the poverty class. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 8 points 1 day ago In this case I disagree, he said eliminate poverty, not bring people out of poverty. I suspect robots would eliminate the poverty class. permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 11 points 1 day ago the best feature, just like all tech up to this point, no one is accountable when things go wrong! permalink award report block reply tt777 1 points 1 day ago "It's wasn't me, it was the AI's fault." permalink parent award report block reply
tt777 1 points 1 day ago "It's wasn't me, it was the AI's fault." permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 9 points 1 day ago Lack of human interaction is isolation of the soul, no matter how much healthcare the robot gives, people don't want to die alone.  I support robots but not to replace them by the human touch.  We have healing energy that can't be mimicked and most don't know how to tap it. permalink award report block reply ActNow 5 points 1 day ago This. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 5 points 1 day ago This. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 8 points 1 day ago Robots took our jobs and somehow that eliminates poverty?  Did the poor get taken to the meat grinder to provide some sort of protein based gel to feed the rest of the proles? permalink award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 1 day ago The transition could be bumpy like any other breakthrough tech but long term radical prosperity. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 1 day ago Why the fuck are you on a Trump forum as some kind of demand side economics Keynesian? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago You’ve yet to answer the question asked in this thread, while you act constantly indignant. How does Optimus prime eliminate poverty? It’s clear Elon is eluding to eventual UBI while the robots take care of everything. Is that what you’re suggesting too captain unaware accidental communist? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 1 day ago Your presumption is that demand is the basis of economic function not supply. You are a communist permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago Lol, the UBI proponent calling people communist. And still couldn’t answer the question asked. Like a bitch. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Necrovoter 1 points 23 hours ago Demand and supply are two different sides of the equation.  Increased supply does not lower demand, it lowers price.   If you drastically increase the supply of workers beyond demand (illegal aliens, cheap robots), then you drop the wages of workers.    Demand is a different factor - such as hundreds of millions of people suddenly wanting masks due to everything in the the Plandemic.   The supply was the same as it had been the prior year, but the demand increased dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... IPFreely -2 points 1 day ago Robert Kiyosaki from Ricb Dad, Poor Sad said that most people are communists and don’t know it. After I heard that, I started noticing that a lot of people who did not identify as communists had communists notions about profit and production. The problem is that most people only have a basic understanding of communism. They don’t identify the arguments against increases in production as being communist. The manifesto is short, under 1:30 if you listen on YouTube. I recommend everyone listen to it, so you can understand how much of it has been tacitly accepted by the public. permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv -4 points 1 day ago No, the poor reprogrammed the robots to harm the rich. We do need wealth limits. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 3 points 1 day ago Commie permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 -1 points 1 day ago The transition could be bumpy like any other breakthrough tech but long term radical prosperity. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -3 points 1 day ago Why the fuck are you on a Trump forum as some kind of demand side economics Keynesian? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago You’ve yet to answer the question asked in this thread, while you act constantly indignant. How does Optimus prime eliminate poverty? It’s clear Elon is eluding to eventual UBI while the robots take care of everything. Is that what you’re suggesting too captain unaware accidental communist? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 1 day ago Your presumption is that demand is the basis of economic function not supply. You are a communist permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago Lol, the UBI proponent calling people communist. And still couldn’t answer the question asked. Like a bitch. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Necrovoter 1 points 23 hours ago Demand and supply are two different sides of the equation.  Increased supply does not lower demand, it lowers price.   If you drastically increase the supply of workers beyond demand (illegal aliens, cheap robots), then you drop the wages of workers.    Demand is a different factor - such as hundreds of millions of people suddenly wanting masks due to everything in the the Plandemic.   The supply was the same as it had been the prior year, but the demand increased dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... IPFreely -2 points 1 day ago Robert Kiyosaki from Ricb Dad, Poor Sad said that most people are communists and don’t know it. After I heard that, I started noticing that a lot of people who did not identify as communists had communists notions about profit and production. The problem is that most people only have a basic understanding of communism. They don’t identify the arguments against increases in production as being communist. The manifesto is short, under 1:30 if you listen on YouTube. I recommend everyone listen to it, so you can understand how much of it has been tacitly accepted by the public. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 4 points 1 day ago You’ve yet to answer the question asked in this thread, while you act constantly indignant. How does Optimus prime eliminate poverty? It’s clear Elon is eluding to eventual UBI while the robots take care of everything. Is that what you’re suggesting too captain unaware accidental communist? permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 1 day ago Your presumption is that demand is the basis of economic function not supply. You are a communist permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago Lol, the UBI proponent calling people communist. And still couldn’t answer the question asked. Like a bitch. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Necrovoter 1 points 23 hours ago Demand and supply are two different sides of the equation.  Increased supply does not lower demand, it lowers price.   If you drastically increase the supply of workers beyond demand (illegal aliens, cheap robots), then you drop the wages of workers.    Demand is a different factor - such as hundreds of millions of people suddenly wanting masks due to everything in the the Plandemic.   The supply was the same as it had been the prior year, but the demand increased dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState -2 points 1 day ago Your presumption is that demand is the basis of economic function not supply. You are a communist permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 1 day ago Lol, the UBI proponent calling people communist. And still couldn’t answer the question asked. Like a bitch. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Necrovoter 1 points 23 hours ago Demand and supply are two different sides of the equation.  Increased supply does not lower demand, it lowers price.   If you drastically increase the supply of workers beyond demand (illegal aliens, cheap robots), then you drop the wages of workers.    Demand is a different factor - such as hundreds of millions of people suddenly wanting masks due to everything in the the Plandemic.   The supply was the same as it had been the prior year, but the demand increased dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
Ostia 4 points 1 day ago Lol, the UBI proponent calling people communist. And still couldn’t answer the question asked. Like a bitch. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Necrovoter 1 points 23 hours ago Demand and supply are two different sides of the equation.  Increased supply does not lower demand, it lowers price.   If you drastically increase the supply of workers beyond demand (illegal aliens, cheap robots), then you drop the wages of workers.    Demand is a different factor - such as hundreds of millions of people suddenly wanting masks due to everything in the the Plandemic.   The supply was the same as it had been the prior year, but the demand increased dramatically. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
IPFreely -2 points 1 day ago Robert Kiyosaki from Ricb Dad, Poor Sad said that most people are communists and don’t know it. After I heard that, I started noticing that a lot of people who did not identify as communists had communists notions about profit and production. The problem is that most people only have a basic understanding of communism. They don’t identify the arguments against increases in production as being communist. The manifesto is short, under 1:30 if you listen on YouTube. I recommend everyone listen to it, so you can understand how much of it has been tacitly accepted by the public. permalink parent award report block reply
ShadowInv -4 points 1 day ago No, the poor reprogrammed the robots to harm the rich. We do need wealth limits. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 3 points 1 day ago Commie permalink parent award report block reply
Anon1970 3 points 1 day ago Commie permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 7 points 1 day ago I feel like I'll be dying in a hospital or retirement home in 30 years and robots will be caring for me. Hopefully they at least look human and hot by then permalink award report block reply Tele_Plus 5 points 1 day ago and hot by then. lol, a valid concern. Actually Japan will probably beat us on the hot robot front. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=T_IDEfypjcE Obligatory: https://youtu.be/x7PnfoxDWIQ?si=Vz7IyFKPU3CcaN9T permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 3 points 1 day ago if youre in a nursing home, waking up everyday with no memory of who anyone is or where you are… and you see ugly ass robots, that makes life even more scary!! but you wake up surrounded by sexy robots…… its much easier to not flip out and panic:) permalink parent award report block reply
Tele_Plus 5 points 1 day ago and hot by then. lol, a valid concern. Actually Japan will probably beat us on the hot robot front. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=T_IDEfypjcE Obligatory: https://youtu.be/x7PnfoxDWIQ?si=Vz7IyFKPU3CcaN9T permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 3 points 1 day ago if youre in a nursing home, waking up everyday with no memory of who anyone is or where you are… and you see ugly ass robots, that makes life even more scary!! but you wake up surrounded by sexy robots…… its much easier to not flip out and panic:) permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestNotMideast 3 points 1 day ago if youre in a nursing home, waking up everyday with no memory of who anyone is or where you are… and you see ugly ass robots, that makes life even more scary!! but you wake up surrounded by sexy robots…… its much easier to not flip out and panic:) permalink parent award report block reply
VanDeKoik 6 points 1 day ago That's called marketing. No, those of us that actually know something about robotics know that this is a load of shit. permalink award report block reply
Scot 6 points 1 day ago To be fair, if it doesn't actively try to kill you, the medical care will be an improvement. permalink award report block reply
PastorCharles 6 points 1 day ago The only product I've bought in the last decade that actually delivers on all of its promises is the Scrub Daddy sponge. permalink award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 20 hours ago Scrub Daddy is LEGIT permalink parent award report block reply
Nezock_theKnight 2 points 20 hours ago Scrub Daddy is LEGIT permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto 4 points 1 day ago Didn't he say we'd be on mars by 2018? Lolol permalink award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 day ago to be fair we could have been on mars during carters administration with enough money and some luck. permalink parent award report block reply Nancys_drooping_eye 4 points 1 day ago Our society decided babysitting stone age gatherers was the bigger priority. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 1 day ago People have this sci-fi vision about how settling Mars would actually work out... If you really think about the logistics of what would be involved, if the project had started under Carter and with continued effort towards that goal since, we might be nearing a place where we might be ready to send a first group of settlers, and even then the odds would be slim for survival. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 hour ago i meant an apollo style visit. again, odds of surivial are not good, but they could get lucky:) permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 1 day ago Not sure how that explains musks failure to do it 50 years later permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 day ago to be fair we could have been on mars during carters administration with enough money and some luck. permalink parent award report block reply Nancys_drooping_eye 4 points 1 day ago Our society decided babysitting stone age gatherers was the bigger priority. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 1 points 1 day ago People have this sci-fi vision about how settling Mars would actually work out... If you really think about the logistics of what would be involved, if the project had started under Carter and with continued effort towards that goal since, we might be nearing a place where we might be ready to send a first group of settlers, and even then the odds would be slim for survival. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 hour ago i meant an apollo style visit. again, odds of surivial are not good, but they could get lucky:) permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 1 day ago Not sure how that explains musks failure to do it 50 years later permalink parent award report block reply
Nancys_drooping_eye 4 points 1 day ago Our society decided babysitting stone age gatherers was the bigger priority. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 1 points 1 day ago People have this sci-fi vision about how settling Mars would actually work out... If you really think about the logistics of what would be involved, if the project had started under Carter and with continued effort towards that goal since, we might be nearing a place where we might be ready to send a first group of settlers, and even then the odds would be slim for survival. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 hour ago i meant an apollo style visit. again, odds of surivial are not good, but they could get lucky:) permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 hour ago i meant an apollo style visit. again, odds of surivial are not good, but they could get lucky:) permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto 0 points 1 day ago Not sure how that explains musks failure to do it 50 years later permalink parent award report block reply
TexasBrowncoat 4 points 1 day ago So if Musk's robot runs on Amazon webservers, would it then be Optimus Prime? permalink award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 20 hours ago Finally, finally, I scroll the whole page and FINALLY find a transformers reference!  WTF is wrong with you people!!??  Fuckin' crazy Megatron face should have been the first comment! permalink parent award report block reply
Nezock_theKnight 2 points 20 hours ago Finally, finally, I scroll the whole page and FINALLY find a transformers reference!  WTF is wrong with you people!!??  Fuckin' crazy Megatron face should have been the first comment! permalink parent award report block reply
MaBaker 3 points 1 day ago Eliminate poverty huh? Why? When there will be no need for less educated (or neither educated) workforce, the less educated will live better than now? permalink award report block reply yurimodin 2 points 1 day ago Boomers can still sell Chinese slave products to their unemployed grandchildren on credit cards in perpetuity so its all good. permalink parent award report block reply
yurimodin 2 points 1 day ago Boomers can still sell Chinese slave products to their unemployed grandchildren on credit cards in perpetuity so its all good. permalink parent award report block reply
PhantomShield72 3 points 1 day ago Fantastic platitude. HOW will it eliminate poverty? H O W ? permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 1 day ago by eliminating the cause, which is humans. Skynet is at the door. No one cares about the warning Terminator gave us. TPTB are pro-technoprogressivism. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 4 points 1 day ago if everyone who had cancer, died tomorrow, cancer would be eliminated. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 1 day ago By investors giving Elon a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 2 points 1 day ago everyone gets a robot, and the robot goes to work for us. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 1 day ago by eliminating the cause, which is humans. Skynet is at the door. No one cares about the warning Terminator gave us. TPTB are pro-technoprogressivism. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 4 points 1 day ago if everyone who had cancer, died tomorrow, cancer would be eliminated. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 1 day ago By investors giving Elon a trillion dollars. permalink parent award report block reply
MidwestNotMideast 2 points 1 day ago everyone gets a robot, and the robot goes to work for us. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 1 day ago It can't even sweep a floor. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 1 points 1 day ago Neither can most of the replacements the West is currently being flooded with. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 1 day ago That is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 1 points 1 day ago Neither can most of the replacements the West is currently being flooded with. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 1 day ago That is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 1 day ago That is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply
pickleball_jones 2 points 1 day ago He can fuck right off with that clanker bullshit permalink award report block reply
birddogz 2 points 1 day ago Everyone can have an Optimus robot spying on everything you do and upload it to the internet to be used by those who rule over you. permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 2 points 1 day ago I don't trust robots... But neither do I trust the third world retards staffing hospitals either. permalink award report block reply
Wally1 2 points 1 day ago Poverty is too profitable for many people to want to eliminate. Along with homelessness, substance abuse, crime, cancer and so on. permalink award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 2 points 1 day ago The Devils Champion permalink award report block reply
PatriotDescendant 2 points 1 day ago He's not wrong. But, he kinda' downplays the transition period. Hell, the US Government withheld SNAP payments for how long? And all Hell nearly broke loose. The transition from an agrarian to an industrial economy took decades and was extraordinarily disruptive. This transition is an order of magnitude more traumatic and is taking place at mach two. Hang on to your asses! permalink award report block reply Thereyago 1 points 23 hours ago The leftist media whipped up a frenzy to make people fear food riots, snap was never withheld enough to cause anything. permalink parent award report block reply
Thereyago 1 points 23 hours ago The leftist media whipped up a frenzy to make people fear food riots, snap was never withheld enough to cause anything. permalink parent award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 2 points 1 day ago Some 5 million dollar robot is gonna eliminate poverty. Yeah, ok. LOL permalink award report block reply
mailinvoter 2 points 1 day ago Will a panjeet be controlling it remotely from India aka slavery? permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 2 points 1 day ago That's retarded permalink award report block reply
TerdFurguson 2 points 1 day ago It won't, and it won't. People see a drop and imagine it's an ocean a lot these days. permalink award report block reply
schism 2 points 1 day ago It's easy to eliminate poverty when you eliminate the poor. permalink award report block reply
ThePatriotGames2016 2 points 1 day ago no, pretty sure it won't. permalink award report block reply
Fact 2 points 1 day ago "Optimus, perform a gender reassignment surgery." "Confirmed. Performing gender resentment surgery." permalink award report block reply
deleted 2 points 1 day ago Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 day ago The government needs to pay intergenerational poors a lump sum of tens of thousands to get sterilized.  This will pay for itself.  Immigration needs to be stopped unless the immigrant is a legal medical doctor or knows how to make high tech weapons.  No more h1B data analysts or whatever that help a corporation make .000001% more profit this quarter. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 1 points 1 day ago Catholics will never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago It can't even sweep a floor with a human controlling it, how the fuck is it going to pick crops? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago Tractors replaced peasants. The USA already did that decades ago. permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 day ago The government needs to pay intergenerational poors a lump sum of tens of thousands to get sterilized.  This will pay for itself.  Immigration needs to be stopped unless the immigrant is a legal medical doctor or knows how to make high tech weapons.  No more h1B data analysts or whatever that help a corporation make .000001% more profit this quarter. permalink parent award report block reply GentleSlayer 1 points 1 day ago Catholics will never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply
GentleSlayer 1 points 1 day ago Catholics will never allow it. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago It can't even sweep a floor with a human controlling it, how the fuck is it going to pick crops? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago Tractors replaced peasants. The USA already did that decades ago. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 1 day ago RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago Tractors replaced peasants. The USA already did that decades ago. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 1 day ago Tractors replaced peasants. The USA already did that decades ago. permalink parent award report block reply
Purebloodsupreme 1 points 1 day ago They said that about the Indians. permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 1 points 1 day ago Talking his book.  Let's see the products. permalink award report block reply
Seruna_Kanus 1 points 21 hours ago How will machines eliminate poverty while costs for survival are getting worse and worse? permalink award report block reply
quantum-step 1 points 21 hours ago It's programmed and built by pajeets (like everything else he owns), then all that robot's gonna do is cop a feel of bobs and vagine. permalink award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 1 points 1 day ago Before or after it falls over and can't get up? permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Oh, great! Now we need 2 robots. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Oh, great! Now we need 2 robots. permalink parent award report block reply
ManWhoMakesTheMusic 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, they come with built in ventilators... permalink award report block reply
y_do_i_need_to_hide 1 points 1 day ago No thanks, immigrant. :) permalink award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 1 points 1 day ago So slowly kill off population by covid vax and get rid of useless eaters to replace them with robots? permalink award report block reply
MeMargie 1 points 1 day ago eliminate Humanity. permalink award report block reply
GreyKnight 1 points 1 day ago Saying you can eliminate poverty is like saying you are going to execute anyone who is slightly lazy, homeless, fat, disabled, inexperienced, too young or old…or become some Star Trek nation which is less likely… permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 1 points 1 day ago If the game is becoming which multimillionaire technologist are we to put our support behind, then I wholeheartedly choose to go with Elon and his vision of the future. permalink award report block reply
Wrexxis780 1 points 1 day ago Inb4 making them worse permalink award report block reply
MJ_43 1 points 24 hours ago Ha, thats the same thing they said about welfare.. how'd that go? permalink award report block reply
Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 1 day ago Now we just a billion robot mechanics. permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 1 points 1 day ago If it makes it so we deport every 3rd worlder, invader, muslim, indian and block all future immigration because we no longer need their services, it's an OK sacrifice for robot overlords. permalink award report block reply
MocksFordComma 1 points 1 day ago MARK 14:7 "For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will, ye may do them good; but Me ye have not always." permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -5 points 1 day ago The Bible was divided into verses for the printing press and translation, not to be used as a basis of spreading the word of the bible. What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -5 points 1 day ago The Bible was divided into verses for the printing press and translation, not to be used as a basis of spreading the word of the bible. What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 22 hours ago Stupid.  No one but Oligarchs will be able to afford it with their 50 year mortgages permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 1 points 1 day ago Free robots for everyone! permalink award report block reply
RPD2 1 points 1 day ago With robots providing anything we need, we'll become weak, mentally, physically and maybe even spiritually. Micro-evolution will see that the strongest are barely at an advantage over the weaker. Basically dysgenics to the extreme. permalink award report block reply
Big-E 1 points 1 day ago Canada is also eliminating poverty. Through the MAID program. permalink award report block reply
FartherRight 1 points 22 hours ago That's us being eliminated. permalink award report block reply
BigIgloo 1 points 24 hours ago He will eliminate poverty by eliminating the existence of the poor. permalink award report block reply
friedchicken 1 points 1 day ago Wow.  No thank you! permalink award report block reply
MakinBacon 1 points 1 day ago yeah......no permalink award report block reply
spezisacuckold 0 points 1 day ago It's going to fuck over "Social Security" even more (which should never have been enacted and needs to be privatized by the way) lol permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 1 day ago What the fuck are you talking about? permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Try to ask a question without being deliberately antagonistic and offensive. Maybe "Explain, please?" or "I don't see the connection..." permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 1 day ago The_Donald was an awesome place to hang out. This place is full or assholes and narcissist idiots. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 3 points 1 day ago ...and bots. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -4 points 1 day ago Shut the fuck up, retard. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -3 points 1 day ago What the fuck are you talking about? permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Try to ask a question without being deliberately antagonistic and offensive. Maybe "Explain, please?" or "I don't see the connection..." permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 1 day ago The_Donald was an awesome place to hang out. This place is full or assholes and narcissist idiots. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 3 points 1 day ago ...and bots. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -4 points 1 day ago Shut the fuck up, retard. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 3 points 1 day ago Try to ask a question without being deliberately antagonistic and offensive. Maybe "Explain, please?" or "I don't see the connection..." permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 1 day ago The_Donald was an awesome place to hang out. This place is full or assholes and narcissist idiots. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 3 points 1 day ago ...and bots. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -4 points 1 day ago Shut the fuck up, retard. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 3 points 1 day ago The_Donald was an awesome place to hang out. This place is full or assholes and narcissist idiots. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 3 points 1 day ago ...and bots. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 3 points 1 day ago ...and bots. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -4 points 1 day ago Shut the fuck up, retard. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 0 points 1 day ago All you need to do is make the robots provide a realistic and safe sexual experience. Once the lust is slated, most people will not care about other issues. That's the grim reality. permalink award report block reply BigIgloo 2 points 24 hours ago Women have had machines for this for decades, and it hasn't fixed them. If anything it made them worse permalink parent award report block reply
BigIgloo 2 points 24 hours ago Women have had machines for this for decades, and it hasn't fixed them. If anything it made them worse permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 0 points 1 day ago He's such a retard in some ways... It's cool. But it's cool the same way T2 is cool. permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 0 points 1 day ago we are making robot slaves. the year is 4032 robot slavery has been abolished and so now has humanity REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! permalink award report block reply
KarenLukasik 0 points 1 day ago will it blow up like the teslas? permalink award report block reply
ravonaf 0 points 1 day ago AI will take over all white collar jobs. Robotics integrated with advanced AI will take over all Blue Collar jobs. If, by "eliminating poverty", he means the Globalists plan to reduce the unneeded world population by 90%. Then yes, it will "eliminate poverty". permalink award report block reply
1691USAGUY 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply WanderingStar 2 points 1 day ago Only if ordered with the multi-function tool. permalink parent award report block reply
WanderingStar 2 points 1 day ago Only if ordered with the multi-function tool. permalink parent award report block reply