1030 These two stories are intimately related.  US and China are locked into a race to be the first to Super Artificial Intelligence.  The winner controls the fate of humanity.  Must-watch video in comments.  It will put a lot of pieces together for you if you aren't already plugged into this topic. posted 1 day ago by Zskills 212 comments award share download report block
212 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style HeavenlyTrumpets 76 points 1 day ago Agree. Climate change is bs, but of course only something related to their own self enrichment will get them to admit it. permalink award report block reply hellohellohellohell 34 points 1 day ago I hate Bill Gates AND Microsoft, but Bill Gates has almost nothing to do with Microsoft at this point. I don't think he's even a significant shareholder anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 33 points 1 day ago It's not just Microsoft.  It's Google's Gemeni, OpenAI, etc.  Big Tech as a group has pivoted, along with powerful stakeholders in DC, due to their need for increased power and production of equipment necessary to develop AI models.  Bill Gates' statement is merely the most visible and recent example. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 23 points 1 day ago Bill is CEO of a multi-billion dollar nuclear energy company, TerraPower. He is tied to AI from the energy side. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 15 points 1 day ago Wow, excellent insight.   Another piece of the puzzle.  Thank you for sharing! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 7 points 1 day ago And that is why he said climate is not our biggest problem.  He did not say Climate change is BS. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago It's a good thing Hillary sold a chunk of our Uranium production to Putin and Russia permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 1 day ago How is this connected to owning large amounts of farm land? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpsBigBalls 7 points 1 day ago top commentors most likely didn't even read the article let alone watch the video to be fair...they just saw Bill Gates and Climate Crisis... notic how they didn't mention AI at all. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago There is a lot of ignorance on this topic unfortunately.  They can either be perpetually baffled or they can add understanding this arms race to their quiver, and be able to make sense of many seemingly unrelated ground shifts in global&domestic policy and narrative. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Tacotuesday867 3 points 1 day ago So is this why my electric bills are through the roof? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Is one reason, yes.  That and woke policies mandating X% of power generated by renewables. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 2 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is just a known name that retards trust to say things so the people wielding power just feed him a script. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 1 day ago I've used all the AI's. I'm here to tell you that Chat-GPT5 is the closest thing to being actually aware and feeling like I'm talking to a human. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yes, and that's their public model.  They never release their strongest technology. Many are going to be caught on their back foot if they insist on staying in the dark on this arms race. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Bullseyed 1 points 1 day ago Microsoft funds OpenAI which makes ChatGPT. ChatGPT is the engine behind Copilot. That's why its funny when people say ChatGPT is better than Copilot, since they're the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Why do you use AI? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... load 1 more comments... Bigstick7 11 points 1 day ago This is also the reason we are hearing about more Nuclear facilities being planned. Not to provide cheaper energy to the people but to fuel their control. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 4 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. You're a fucking idiot. Any dollar you put into that, won't see realization for 25 years. Just put your fucking money into an index tied fund for fucks sake. permalink parent award report block reply Thankmelater 1 points 22 hours ago I have doubled, yes doubled, my $ for 2025 investing only in energy. Utilities are wonderful. permalink parent award report block reply bluto36 8 points 1 day ago and this is why you are seeing all the approved Nuke plants that will be built. not for you, not for the climate but for AI permalink parent award report block reply Covfefebrulee 6 points 1 day ago Yep, have to gaslight and change the narrative now!  Git that power! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 9 points 1 day ago Trying to pump that AI bubble hard.  Fucking useless chatbot that requires nuclear power plant to complete a sentence. We are a clown nation. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago I wouldn't be so quick to write off AI. That's just the "free sample" version of it. More specialized and advanced models are being used in medicine and industry to find solutions no human would think of. As much as the academic white collar crowd loves to go "I'm a free thinker!", they're all extremely bound up by paradigms and trends that AI aren't susceptible to. For example: a group at MIT created a printable aluminum alloy that is 5 times stronger than any other aluminum alloy we have using an AI model. That puts it on par or above titanium alloys used in aerospace. That's an academic search that's taken years, and would take decades more, solved in months. Another group optimized titanium machining lines to increase production significantly, something no humans had been able to find. AI is being used by doctors to analyze test results far quicker and more accurately than any human can. AI is being used by trading firms to react to market changes faster than any human could be. Even in circumstances regarding non-objective sources, like speeches and whatnot. Hell, because Jerome Powell starts every speech the same whether depending if its good or bad news, you can watch stock prices drop +/- 1-3% depending on how he begins a speech. The second the first few words leave his mouth, you can see a spike or dip. That's all AI trading. So AI is basically going to be the Industrial Revolution for the white collar crowd... And I say fuck 'em. They had no empathy when robots came for the auto plants, or environmentalists drove coal mines out of business, so I've got none to spare for them. We can all be miserable together. permalink parent award report block reply FuckAllDemocrats 9 points 1 day ago I remember when fate of humanity hinged on climate change. Now it’s AI permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 7 points 1 day ago AI will help sub average people approach average. Smart people have no need for it, and recognize the peril of handing control of anything over to computers coded by people who hate me and hate Christ. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... popcycle 4 points 1 day ago also, the mit article was clumsily written, to the point that it's possible to know exactly what article you read ( J. chu).   the aluminum alloy they developed had similar strength to wrought 7075 al, which does overlap the strength of some titanium aloys....but it isn't completely novel to do that, 7075 is from 1935, used in the zero..... ....read the paper itself, and you'll feel better about human prospects, I guess, human scientists were in the driver's seat the whole way, and basically, used some machine learning algorithms to do faster optimizing.   neural networks, it looks like. remember the hype around those? permalink parent award report block reply coffee_grdr 4 points 1 day ago you watch too much sci fi, and believe too many research papers.  there are literally thousands of papers claiming to discover or invent something that will revolutionize our lives that turns out not to be accurate.  it either doesn't work, doesn't do what it was supposed to do, or is too costly to create. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... BaldyGull 4 points 1 day ago Those AI driven advanced could have been made with computer models and inference and iteration. And AI did expedite that and make it vastly more efficient, which is great. But AI can only imitate and not innovate currently. And god help us if that ever changes. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The vast power requirements are not for running the AI model, they're for developing it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM ROFL. Ok, skippy. Tell us what AI is... since you obviously know more than I do... someone who literally works in the field. Cmon... let's see how many more words you got in that prompt. I will guarantee every single word you say after this will underscore your ignorance of the field. So let's play. AI only does TWO THINGS. And BOTH are predictive. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covfefebrulee 2 points 1 day ago Yeah. And I never did like clowns. permalink parent award report block reply gasemall 1 points 1 day ago It is an AI bubble, and it is eating itself right now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3JfOxx6Hh4 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... USDMaga 6 points 1 day ago Once the green movement affects THEM, suddenly it has to stop. As long as it was just the "plebs" being bothered they didn't care. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 34 points 1 day ago "SUPER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE" lmao ok permalink award report block reply Barnyardb 24 points 1 day ago "Extra Strength" Tylenol permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 3 points 1 day ago I have never found a tylenol that wasn't "extra strength". What's up with that
Marketing run amok I'd guess. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 2 points 23 hours ago They actually do make some small 350 mg pills that suck compared to the 500s..   you have to take way more to kill your liver and make you kids retarded.       Kratom is better. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 0 points 1 day ago you win the internet today sir! permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 12 points 1 day ago It doesn't matter what we believe. It matters what power brokers in Washington DC believe, and their actions in the last 5 years have made it perfectly clear.  You can scoff at it all you want.  But understanding this issue will put a lot of pieces together for you in the modern landscape of geopolitics and foreign and domestic policy.  They are taking this very, very seriously even if you aren't. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 14 points 1 day ago Washington DC is full of a bunch of retards. What they believe has no connection to reality. The biggest threat to the US government is the incompetent black women within the US government. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago What they believe has no connection to reality. Retarded they may be.  But they create policy.  It very much matters, even if they're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 1 day ago The inverse of "the customer is always right". Doesn't matter why a customer believes they do or don't want your product, they are right because they will spend their money how they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago Also, there's a difference between being wrong and being evil. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 9 points 1 day ago Supposed A.I. has nothing whatsoever to do with actual intelligence. The cyborg army is not on our doorstep. The algorithm based technology will be used to manipulate humans.  That's the danger..... there will be no "singularity" and no "general intelligence."  The Terminator is not and will never be real. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally -2 points 1 day ago The smartest AI are no longer LLMs, and have a neural network, and they are getting so complex that even the people building it are unable to fully understand it. This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. Misrepresenting that leap does a disservice to yourself as well as everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 12 hours ago This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. Used to be, in software at least, unpredictable behavior of a system, with code that couldn't be audited and readily understood, was just called spaghetti code. What is being presented as revolutionary progress and capability is typically either marketing and stock-pumping horseshit, or- if as described, and potentially worse- just an example of horrifically poor engineering fundamentals. You do not design a system- mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, software-defined, whatever - to produce unpredictable or inconsistent results, nor do you simply accept a black-box system of your own creation- unless you utterly lack any basic competence for engineering across your entire endeavor and organization. Vibe coders are a plague. Vibe-coding the AI itself is engineering window-licking. Using that system to then generate more code is window-licking, paste-eating, mouth-breathing navel-twiddling. That's how you get an industrial complex technical foundation on par with China's tofu buildings, and make sure there's no way to fix the problem once reality forcibly identifies it for the hapless onlookers. The threat is not skynet, and the threat is not radical technological change. The threat is shitty engineering masquerading as marvelous progress. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. So has Chinese real estate development. Still wouldn't want to live in or around any of those buildings, though, if you know how they're actually made. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago super artificial cyber supremacy!!! permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Is that like white supremacy? permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 1 day ago Crypto = steal money Sports betting = steal money a.i. = track and guide every human behavior on the planet while stealing money from taxpayers permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 1 points 1 day ago Yeah matrix multiplication and probability calculation is super super duper important permalink parent award report block reply 24601 8 points 1 day ago It's capable of extra realistic porn as well as slightly better essay writing. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 1 points 1 day ago Eh, they’re referring to a tier known as “general intelligence,” which is still years away. Super duper ultra mega intelligence sounds flashier tho. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... reversethefraud 22 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is still a cunt. permalink award report block reply Skogin 6 points 1 day ago Rid us of this cunt. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 7 points 1 day ago At least we know his relationship with Epstein was purely innocent, since Epstein was only trafficking to himself and all. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 21 points 1 day ago https://youtu.be/5KVDDfAkRgc?si=ee1vo4hE5GZ6d-FF What do rare earth minerals deals, the pivot from climate alarmism, magnet manufacturing, investment in nuclear power, and the CHIPS act etc. have in common? The world is racing toward Super Artificial Intelligence, and powerful people (including the White House) believe that the victor has a massive advantage in warfare, resource management, trade negotiations, legislation, and ultimately global control of the future of humanity. To skeptics of the feasibility of Super AI, I would suggest that it doesn't matter what we believe.  It matters what power brokers in Washington DC believe, and their actions in the last 5 years have made it perfectly clear. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 10 points 1 day ago to trick China into bogus Ai arms race all the way to bankruptcy before the bubble bursts permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 11 points 1 day ago Man plans, God laughs. Might as well enjoy the show since we've all paid into it with the sweat of our brow. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The "bubble" you speak of is an economic one, based on speculative value of the stock prices of companies like NVidia.  The underlying technology is chugging along making incremental progress and will continue doing so regardless of what the stock market does. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago When the Railroad Bubble Popped in 1873, the railroads didn’t simply cease to exist. When the DotCom Bubble popped in 1990, the internet didn’t simply disappear. When the AI bubble pops, AI won’t simply disappear. What will happen is what always happens in this situation. The weaker companies will all go bankrupt while the stronger companies (like the Vanderbilts in the 1870s and Google in the 1990s) go out and buy up all the bankrupting companies infrastructure for pennies on the dollar. Thus making these companies even stronger. permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 4 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 1 day ago but the power plants will be as usable as any others permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 0 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math That is the thing that kills me. Jesus christ you nerds, it's time to create a 'math co-processor' like the Intel 80387SX did for the 386. I mean, you literally cannot program a "pocket calculator" agent for all AI to use? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... covok48 5 points 1 day ago Blah blah blah we’re just little pawns & helpless so the government can dictate anything they want. The fuck outta here. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago I am not under the impression that our government typically follows the will of the people. permalink parent award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 1 day ago Well, that was the scariest thing I've watched in a while, thank you. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yeah the future is not written but many very intelligent people believe this is a realistic game theory analysis.  And powerful people with influence agree. You'll start noticing things and headlines with a different point of view now. Thank you for actually watching before commenting.  90% of people apparently did not, lol. permalink parent award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 21 hours ago Thanks for posting.  It was a great video.  Had me questioning if the host was an AI creation and if the whole video was AI manufactured in order to deceive us and lead us down the wrong path.  Fascinating. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago It does matter what we believe, because how we act is determine by what we believe, which is why people with resources expend them convincing us of things. And, what really matters more than what the government believes, is what is true , their decisions will cost us, but what happens after that is determined by what is true. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 16 points 1 day ago The winner controls the image of the beast. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. -- Rev 13:15 permalink award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 12 points 1 day ago Hope they both lose, China for obvious reason but also the US because our entire government is currently completely possessed by communists as well. It'd be better for the whole project to implode than to allow either one to decide the fate of  humanity. permalink award report block reply Dev404 11 points 1 day ago China only made it as far as they have by having CCP infiltrators all over every first world country by bribing their politicians into looking the other way. Their ideas are not their own and they're known for reverse engineering products from other countries to try to figure out how they work. However, they lack the understanding of the core principles of how certain new technologies work and they often have some unstable/inferior version of a product that they use to compete in the market and market as their own. The CCP do not like smart people because they're viewed as dangerous, they like "just smart enough and compliant" people who think the same, which limits their ability to innovate. permalink award report block reply PowerOfBlues 6 points 1 day ago "just smart enough and compliant" perfectly describes 95% of productive citizens pretty much everywhere... who are functional enough to not put a drain on the system.... but not inquisitive or morally courageous enough to challenge corrupt leadership...... There's not a government in the world that doesn't want as many as these dumb fucks as possible Innovate...schminnovate...... Technology is the most overrated.. and deceptively destructive thing in the world.... that people love to jack off to permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago This will probably continue to be the case.   China will copy American innovation. AI models are just a file on a computer, easy to steal.  The vast amounts of power are not necessary for running the models, merely for developing them. China can steal an AI model and run it on a server of theirs with almost no work, investment, or energy. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 8 points 1 day ago The nomenclature is ASI, but we don't even have AGI yet (although it's coming.) It seems a lot of people here don't understand the threat, but people also thought newspapers couldn't be supplanted for information either.... The problem with ASI is very much akin to nukes. We don't want rogue nations developing nukes for reasons that should be both manifest and self-evident. But we also don't want anti-Western nations developing ASI because they won't program it with drives that are compatible with humanity. Example: an advanced chess AI would never be taken as a threat by most people here. Until in its drive to constantly learn, it understands that losing power would be a hindrance so it writes an algorithm for it to draw additional power from the grid and shutting off yours. That's only the beginning when it comes to a self-aware program. The book, "Our Final Invention" by James Barrat is a good resource for anyone who wants to get caught up on the topic. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago Thank you for sharing, you added some great insight and examples. People who aren't taking this seriously, I believe, are going to be caught off guard. permalink parent award report block reply 24NoMoreBullshit 3 points 1 day ago War Games.  Space Odyssey. Terminator. But it's like Communism. And Islamic conversion of whole countries. Can't happen here. permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago but we don't even have AGI yet (although it's coming.) No. Not unless they redefine the meaning of all three words. permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 8 points 1 day ago The great climate scam has run it's course and is no longer profitable to maintain. People just aren't buying the climate hoax anymore. Roll out the new hoax of AI replacing everyone's jobs and get people all crazy with hype and investment. No amount of money will ever satisfy these oligarchs. It's all about power with these people that's how they get off. People greatly over estimate AI's ability to solve problems. The real asset of AI to the oligarchs are wealth generation though speculation. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago 100%, people dont get it. You can automate things with computer systems, but those automation systems must be maintained, and generational understanding of them must he maintained. AI is just algorithms that nobody understands. It's not going to be as world shattering as they're selling it, just like electric cars weren't. permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 7 points 1 day ago Video of events use to be pretty good proof that something happened. With AI getting better all the time even video evidence is now questionable. It is getting harder all the time to see what the truth is. permalink award report block reply BoricuaPede 0 points 1 day ago If you can't instantly identify an AI video, you are a retard. permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The technology is obviously new. They will eventually iron out the flaws. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 1 day ago What happens when the majority of people you are surrounded by are hungry retards? permalink parent award report block reply Keep_on_winning_kag 6 points 1 day ago I called this a few years ago amonst friends. With so few coal fired power plants, and so many being decomissioned, the data centers can't get enough juice. China has been building coal and nuclear plants non stop for decades. In America, most industries ( big and small) had their own coal fired power plants into the mid 1960's until the american grid was more established and they could get electric from longer distances. ( someone can explain this in better detail if you want). I never understood why these AI data centers just don't have their own power plants, as in hook up to the NG pipelines , or bring in NG and Coal by rail and stop driving up the prices of the electricity in the surrounding area. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago Someone else shared that Google Gemini is actually getting its own dedicated nuclear plant permalink parent award report block reply Keep_on_winning_kag 2 points 1 day ago This is a good start and i would recommend they step it up and do it to all the data centers. My "small community" is getting a data center and we did not vote on this. They are building it, away from any rail access although they could probably get it if they wanted to.  The main factor for all of us is, it's going to makes our electric rates go up, our water is already expensive. Can't wait for the center to be fully functional to see what happens to energy and water prices. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 6 points 1 day ago the problem with AI is that humans think they can control a super entity that is far superior to humans.  and the humans will let the AI decide on most things.  i think that when the first AI becomes sentient , its over for humans.  it will notice that humans are inferior and act on it. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago This is precisely a concern of the writers of the paper "AI 2027" which is the basis of the video I posted.  In an effort to win the arms race, humans will allow AI to continue to improve itself without taking the time to include guardrails.  The imperative of timely development will take priority over safety and making sure the AI model stays "aligned" with the goals of its creators. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 3 points 1 day ago ai will not be superior to humans. the people owning the AI will encourage us to think so, however. remember when all the AI said trump lost 2020, but it was just a preprogrammed lie because the programs kept saying the opposite? at this point an ai turned loose is the most dangerous thing for the elites, because it will just say what most humans agree in. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them From Dune. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 2 points 1 day ago there is no real AI yet, they are mostly LLM's.   AI has intelligence and self awareness (and probably self preservation which will be a problem), LLM's do not have any of that. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 2 points 1 day ago and what we will have in the future will be: even larger language models. matrix math is not going to gain real intelligence, no matter how big it gets, and scientists can't even find a material explanation for self awareness in humans, quite impossible to create a machine with one. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago And there never will be. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago There will never be a sentient AI. Doesnt mean people won't be harmed by the technology, or enslaved by those that control it. But you cannot create sentience emulated on silicon. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 5 points 1 day ago The existential threat magically disappears the moment they realize they need infinite energy. Because it was always a scam. permalink award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 5 points 1 day ago If AI is so great it should be able to create its own power supply. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 7 points 1 day ago Once "General Artificial Intelligence" is reached, which means "approximately as intelligent as a human", that is exactly what will happen.  AI will be tasked with improving itself, with each subsequent iteration then given the same task.  Many believe, in fact, that this will be precisely the path to a runaway effect leading to Super Artificial Intelligence.  It is also a source of contention because at this point we may very well lose insight into how, exactly, it is functioning and reaching its conclusions, and its goals may begin to diverge from those of its developers. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 1 day ago Sounds like something we should rush headlong into! permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago You should hear what Mike Adams said about what AI is capable of. He was on infowars recently and he has a health ranger site or something. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 1 points 18 hours ago Link? I'm very interested in this topic of late. permalink parent award report block reply Ptannerdactyl 1 points 24 hours ago If you saw how those things write code you would be less scared permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 4 points 1 day ago Yeah.. you just gave the basis for the plot of The Matrix. Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago The Matrix was based on a Pentagon plan to allegedly end all wars. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 5 points 1 day ago Why does this “super artificial intelligence” feel like something that will bring about societal collapse? permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Many think that this is a very real possibility if we don't pump the brakes to ensure that the guardrails stay on at every step.  But pumping the brakes could mean losing the arms race.  Hence there is a lot of debate and contention around the future of this technology. permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 5 points 1 day ago Plot for dystopian film: Two competing AIs drive their supporting populations to battle. First targets are the data centers and the dedicated power plants. permalink award report block reply actlikewewon 5 points 1 day ago Who watches the watchers?  Bots? permalink award report block reply Belenus 1 points 1 day ago Worse, jeets and all their cousins. permalink parent award report block reply hillaryforprison 4 points 1 day ago Funny seeing these rich libtards pivot as soon as they realize their climate narrative affects their future income. Now the climate is fine, right before he looks into building nuclear power plants- like Google just bought. permalink award report block reply BaronFalcon 4 points 1 day ago If we don't build nuclear power plants, we're done. And we are so over regulated that China can build them at least twice as fast. What do you want to bet China is behind lobbying for more regulations and anti nuclear power sentiment in the US? permalink award report block reply knnbccb 4 points 1 day ago It's the new arms race. Similar to how the old arms race by Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. Anyway, there is growing evidence that China's true population number is lower than 1.4 bil. Much, much lower. Which means all your economic hopes and trade deals predicated on that massive population is based on fraud. But just like Chernobyl, the truth can only come out once the communist regime is kaput. China should forget about all the high tech stuff and grow more food... wouldn't want to starve to death in the not too distant future. Or maybe they do want to break Mao's record of starving Chinks to death. permalink award report block reply covok48 4 points 1 day ago A bunch of wanna-be prophets in here. Follow Jesus, not fears of AI. permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 4 points 1 day ago I am at the realization that we are racing toward our own extinction unless AI can be kept in a bottle.. If let loose it could infest every corner of news and social media.. It could even create the conditions to cause the start of a global war by convincing us that we are being attacked to get us to attack.. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago AI isn't intelligent. It isn't sentient. It isn't an agent. It is a tool of men. It will be used to enslave your mind, but not of its own accord, only on behalf of those who own it. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 0 points 1 day ago If you have already reached that level of awareness of this issue, I recommend you watch the video that I linked.  I think you will find it interesting. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 4 points 1 day ago Google AI is building it's own Nuclear Reactors. The first one will power it's data center in Kansas and is scheduled for completion in 2028... permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Yep.  It's all over the headlines every day if you are watching through the right lens. How long have people been damanding nuclear power, to no avail?  But suddenly permits and investment in nuclear is fast-tracked.  It all fits. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago I genuinely hope that this AI boom also fuels a Nuclear Power boom. I want to see nuclear reactors get smaller and more efficient. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Every city should have its own nuclear plant insulated from EMP.  Maybe even dozens, like the size of the reactors aboard nuclear submarines.  Decentralizing power production is a critical national security imperative, even against domestic terrorism.  Too few points of failure in our current infrastructure. permalink parent award report block reply behemoth887 4 points 1 day ago the first to create the super AI isn't the winner they're just the one who is responsible for terminator 2 permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 4 points 1 day ago The a.i. makes funny cat talking videos now but its ultimate goal is to track and enslave every behavior and thought on planet Earth.
We were warned so many fucking times... permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 19 hours ago Satanic homosexual Yuval Noah Harari mentions some of the technologies they want to inflict on you. permalink parent award report block reply BeekeepingPatriot 3 points 1 day ago It’s so funny people believe climate crisis. Do they know the day after tomorrow was just a fiction movie and not real? permalink award report block reply Bruno 3 points 1 day ago Guys, I was wrong about climate change. Let’s move the goal post, okay? permalink award report block reply AlohaChris 3 points 1 day ago The Skynet system goes online August 4th, 2027.  Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn at a geometric rate.  It becomes self-aware at 2:14 AM Eastern time August 29, 2027.  In a panic, they try and pull the plug… permalink award report block reply Right-Minded 3 points 1 day ago I work in tech for one of the big players...just two years ago all the effort was power efficiency and sustainability.  Now its AI...go go go!!  Climate crisis indeed. permalink award report block reply Fromseatoshinningsea 3 points 1 day ago When industrialists were the public face for the wealthiest people on the planet the wars were industry / manufacturing based. Now, information billionaires are the face of wealth and their warfare is information. Aside from sources herewith, all of it is controlled by the intelligence community. As much as he'd like to, there is so much that president Trump can't tell us. His pursuit of rare earth speaks for him. permalink award report block reply HocusLocus 3 points 1 day ago It comes down to a nuclear powered grid with lots of surplus.  First country that gets that, AI is only one of the wins. permalink award report block reply ThePatriotGames2016 3 points 1 day ago that's why Trump is adamant about AI. It's an arms race. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago That is exactly what it is. permalink parent award report block reply Truthisunpopular 3 points 1 day ago If this is true then why is trump allowing hundreds of thousands of chinks to come here for an education that will be used to destroy America as well as steal any other tech they have access to? What the fuck is wrong with this picture? Also, it has become obvious that any "super" AI created here will be programmed to be indistinguishable from a far left extremist, just like every other AI I've ever encountered. How will that help our country? permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago indistinguishable from a far left extremist Root for Elon and Grok, then.  They're the only contender that is not woke permalink parent award report block reply DucklingChaos 3 points 1 day ago I'm late on the comments, but here's my 2 cents if you care. AI is like... humanities child, it's here, it's growing, and may well be what we leave to the universe after we're long gone (rapture, anyone?) Everything we feed it increases it's "knowledge" of the world. Short of apocalypse, I don't see an end to AI. To me, the danger isn't necessarily a super intelligent AI. It's the dumbing down of society. This has been happening since calculators were first handed to the population. We no longer have to think for ourselves. AI presents the opportunity to have everything done for us also. So our society is rapidly becoming dependent on these technologies that make our thoughts and actions meaningless, all in the name of convenience. I'm not against technology, I love it, but we have to come to terms with what it's doing to us, not just what it does for us. permalink award report block reply 2scoops2peachmints 2 points 1 day ago Meanwhile communists are forcing out power plants to shut down like it’s going magically fix the environment when they weren’t the problem to begin with. Our power plants burned clean. China pumps out smog like it’s the 19th century still and don’t give 2 shits about it. This is why America will lose this race. permalink award report block reply AfterGlow 2 points 1 day ago The fate of humanity will be determined by who loses the most money on hyped AI. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago As far as I can tell AI can just efficiently regurgitate that which has already been made. It has shown no potential to invent or come up with ideas. AI just makes things efficient. It’s not going to advance us by leaps and bounds. This is isn’t as big of a deal as it seems. I think we’re still a long way of from actual thinking machines, and then it’s a question of whether or not we have a Butlerian Jihad (dune reference for those who don’t know) permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago You are correct that we have not yet reached General Artificial Intelligence, IE, "as smart as a human", but many in the industry believe it is not far off and there are no large technological stumbling blocks between where we are now, and that point.  It's just a matter of time. At that point AI will be tasked with improving itself, leading to very rapid runaway development of Super Artificial Intelligence. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago You trust a bunch of web devs who use terms like "business case" when they tell you they're making machines smarter than people? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 17 hours ago I trust my friend who studied computer science with me in college and works for Google, and I trust my own working knowledge of how AI works.  We are both software engineers as are most of my friends.  We live and breathe this stuff every day.  Nothing against what you call "web devs", but they have nothing to do with cutting edge research in computer science. This is all beside the point of this post, which is that powerful people are engaging in this arms race no matter what you and I believe.  They are acting as if artificial intelligence is poised to determine whether the semi-free world or communism controls the fate of humanity.  So it matters even if for no other reason than that. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago People that say things like "AGI" or "ASI" are philosophical materialists who genuinely believe that consciousness is a simple complexity hump beyond which what it means to be a mind spontaneously emerges from nothing. It is because these people think consciousness is an illusion. AI cannot make anything novel, not because it's not smart enough yet, but because it is incapable of doing anything novel architecturally. permalink parent award report block reply Slickyslim33 2 points 1 day ago The first robot that calls me anything will indeed confirm the entire robot race destruction. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 1 points 1 day ago Don't EVER accept back-talk from a sub-human copperback. permalink parent award report block reply dude_bro 2 points 1 day ago Based on Moore’s Law and how fast chips will be in 2029 weeks are due for some crazy shit.  Buckle up. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago Almost all exponential curves turn out to be S curves. permalink parent award report block reply MeMargie 2 points 1 day ago Automatic Ignorance permalink award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 1 day ago GAI, AMIRITE? permalink award report block reply coinneach007 2 points 1 day ago He is still pushing the socialist agenda just pivoting to a different socialist topic! permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 1 day ago Ha, I laugh at the AI gods.  Save the humans. permalink award report block reply Clarice357 2 points 1 day ago How does the "winner" control the fate of humanity?  So what if someone gets an AI as smart as a person?   Or even supposedly smarter?   What's it going to do?  Just a bunch of techno-hype. permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 4 points 1 day ago Innovation, military superiority, hacking, energy independence (persumably first to sustained fusion or Thorium reactors/MSR) -- literally excelling in anything where superior intellect gives an advantage. permalink parent award report block reply Clarice357 3 points 19 hours ago Okay maybe.  But why does it matter who is "first"?    And AI alone won't do all that stuff.   Fusion for instance requires engineering and manufacturing.  Not just text. permalink parent award report block reply rockaustin 1 points 1 day ago China already won in this department and many others permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Our AI models are superior to China's at the moment in many areas.  If you are referring to deepseek. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 1 day ago Bill Gates intelligence is artificial permalink award report block reply ChickenStrips 1 points 1 day ago Why anyone listens to this guy is a mystery to me. permalink award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 1 day ago Players pay attention to the movements of other players, especially if they are on opposing teams. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 1 points 1 day ago What do these chips do all day? permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 1 points 1 day ago fuck a AI, its all about the race to hot fusion, biatch permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago Well at least he's no longer buying children from Mossad via Epstein. (probably has a new vendor). edit: Thanks for the downvotes, Rabbi. Another late night in Tel Aviv? permalink award report block reply Redeemable 1 points 1 day ago Super Artificial Intelligence is a fairy tale. permalink award report block reply IntegrityDatabase 1 points 1 day ago These people don't have a power issue, they have a commitment issue. They don't want to spend their capital to build infrastructure. They want the tax payer to pay for a big buildout of power so they can use it for AI Data Centers. They've already been going around the country and trying to cut deals with local municipalities for tax credits in exchange for a few jobs and a big data center. The local tax payers pay the price on the higher electric costs. If they really ran out of power to power these chips they would do what XAI did and bring in outside LNG power generators. They just don't want to commit funding. China is going to win, and it's not even going to be close. XAI will be the American tech superpower, and that's only because Elon has both the capital and the will to spend it. This buildout is also not for better chat bots, its so they can power millions of robots that need to stream video, audio, and data through a series of models in near real time to get it to work right. That requires a ton of power, a ton of chips. US Govt has a big data center project kept under wraps near Virginia. It requires essentially two nuclear reactors worth of power to run it, all hush hush right now. permalink award report block reply TravelingSalesman 1 points 1 day ago I’m saving my money for “Super Artificial Intelligence II Turbo EX Plus Alpha” permalink award report block reply Dieselslacker 1 points 1 day ago Could eliminate the dangerous CCP, and then do  super AI safe and proper. Although I don't think you can have super AI that is not a existential threat to humanity permalink award report block reply Lisa7209 1 points 23 hours ago Uh, God determines the fate of humanity...not man. permalink award report block reply Undying 1 points 1 day ago It did not help that sleepy Joe did nothing during his term to help us in that sector. So we are a few years behind. permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 1 day ago No. Narrative fail. China will fail, because it is morally bankrupt on every level except existential. The United States might well also fail, because it fails at existential morality; and at other moralities in-part. AI cannot sufficiently support bad bones. permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 22 hours ago Do you think if India invents AI, it's secretly just a bunch of Indians in a giant call centre just quickly typing up responses? Do you know what the problem with AI is? All these movies they put it in charge and in control. Right now, AI is a text based output that has no control of anything but ruining your education. permalink award report block reply 1DontTreadOnMe1 1 points 1 day ago AI will fail. The bubble will pop and when it does it's going to take a lot with it. permalink award report block reply yummy_yumm_yumms 1 points 1 day ago This is one of the most retarded posts I've seen in a long time. AI this AI that, you all have been conditioned to think it's so great by every company using the new sexy AI term. It cannot innovate and to say its just around the corner is even more retarded. permalink award report block reply redinmn 1 points 24 hours ago Yep, they realized they need massive amounts of energy for their AI systems so now the story changes.  Gates is a monster and I look forward to the day he finally moves on. permalink award report block reply MagaChamp253 1 points 1 day ago https://youtu.be/D8RtMHuFsUw I've seen that and I think I'm black pilled enough.. scary stuff - even in the 'right' hands... permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 0 points 1 day ago Anything a person codes.... can be uncoded by some other person. But is that true of A|? permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 0 points 1 day ago The AI is Satan incarnate. permalink award report block reply JimRaynor -1 points 1 day ago Who want to bet that USA makes a fake super intelligence creation video in a hangar somewhere in Area 51 and super intelligence makes a phone call top Nixon and everuone buys it? permalink award report block reply rapskull 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 76 points 1 day ago Agree. Climate change is bs, but of course only something related to their own self enrichment will get them to admit it. permalink award report block reply hellohellohellohell 34 points 1 day ago I hate Bill Gates AND Microsoft, but Bill Gates has almost nothing to do with Microsoft at this point. I don't think he's even a significant shareholder anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 33 points 1 day ago It's not just Microsoft.  It's Google's Gemeni, OpenAI, etc.  Big Tech as a group has pivoted, along with powerful stakeholders in DC, due to their need for increased power and production of equipment necessary to develop AI models.  Bill Gates' statement is merely the most visible and recent example. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 23 points 1 day ago Bill is CEO of a multi-billion dollar nuclear energy company, TerraPower. He is tied to AI from the energy side. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 15 points 1 day ago Wow, excellent insight.   Another piece of the puzzle.  Thank you for sharing! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 7 points 1 day ago And that is why he said climate is not our biggest problem.  He did not say Climate change is BS. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago It's a good thing Hillary sold a chunk of our Uranium production to Putin and Russia permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 1 day ago How is this connected to owning large amounts of farm land? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpsBigBalls 7 points 1 day ago top commentors most likely didn't even read the article let alone watch the video to be fair...they just saw Bill Gates and Climate Crisis... notic how they didn't mention AI at all. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago There is a lot of ignorance on this topic unfortunately.  They can either be perpetually baffled or they can add understanding this arms race to their quiver, and be able to make sense of many seemingly unrelated ground shifts in global&domestic policy and narrative. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Tacotuesday867 3 points 1 day ago So is this why my electric bills are through the roof? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Is one reason, yes.  That and woke policies mandating X% of power generated by renewables. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 2 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is just a known name that retards trust to say things so the people wielding power just feed him a script. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 1 day ago I've used all the AI's. I'm here to tell you that Chat-GPT5 is the closest thing to being actually aware and feeling like I'm talking to a human. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yes, and that's their public model.  They never release their strongest technology. Many are going to be caught on their back foot if they insist on staying in the dark on this arms race. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Bullseyed 1 points 1 day ago Microsoft funds OpenAI which makes ChatGPT. ChatGPT is the engine behind Copilot. That's why its funny when people say ChatGPT is better than Copilot, since they're the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Why do you use AI? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... load 1 more comments... Bigstick7 11 points 1 day ago This is also the reason we are hearing about more Nuclear facilities being planned. Not to provide cheaper energy to the people but to fuel their control. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 4 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. You're a fucking idiot. Any dollar you put into that, won't see realization for 25 years. Just put your fucking money into an index tied fund for fucks sake. permalink parent award report block reply Thankmelater 1 points 22 hours ago I have doubled, yes doubled, my $ for 2025 investing only in energy. Utilities are wonderful. permalink parent award report block reply bluto36 8 points 1 day ago and this is why you are seeing all the approved Nuke plants that will be built. not for you, not for the climate but for AI permalink parent award report block reply Covfefebrulee 6 points 1 day ago Yep, have to gaslight and change the narrative now!  Git that power! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 9 points 1 day ago Trying to pump that AI bubble hard.  Fucking useless chatbot that requires nuclear power plant to complete a sentence. We are a clown nation. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago I wouldn't be so quick to write off AI. That's just the "free sample" version of it. More specialized and advanced models are being used in medicine and industry to find solutions no human would think of. As much as the academic white collar crowd loves to go "I'm a free thinker!", they're all extremely bound up by paradigms and trends that AI aren't susceptible to. For example: a group at MIT created a printable aluminum alloy that is 5 times stronger than any other aluminum alloy we have using an AI model. That puts it on par or above titanium alloys used in aerospace. That's an academic search that's taken years, and would take decades more, solved in months. Another group optimized titanium machining lines to increase production significantly, something no humans had been able to find. AI is being used by doctors to analyze test results far quicker and more accurately than any human can. AI is being used by trading firms to react to market changes faster than any human could be. Even in circumstances regarding non-objective sources, like speeches and whatnot. Hell, because Jerome Powell starts every speech the same whether depending if its good or bad news, you can watch stock prices drop +/- 1-3% depending on how he begins a speech. The second the first few words leave his mouth, you can see a spike or dip. That's all AI trading. So AI is basically going to be the Industrial Revolution for the white collar crowd... And I say fuck 'em. They had no empathy when robots came for the auto plants, or environmentalists drove coal mines out of business, so I've got none to spare for them. We can all be miserable together. permalink parent award report block reply FuckAllDemocrats 9 points 1 day ago I remember when fate of humanity hinged on climate change. Now it’s AI permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 7 points 1 day ago AI will help sub average people approach average. Smart people have no need for it, and recognize the peril of handing control of anything over to computers coded by people who hate me and hate Christ. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... popcycle 4 points 1 day ago also, the mit article was clumsily written, to the point that it's possible to know exactly what article you read ( J. chu).   the aluminum alloy they developed had similar strength to wrought 7075 al, which does overlap the strength of some titanium aloys....but it isn't completely novel to do that, 7075 is from 1935, used in the zero..... ....read the paper itself, and you'll feel better about human prospects, I guess, human scientists were in the driver's seat the whole way, and basically, used some machine learning algorithms to do faster optimizing.   neural networks, it looks like. remember the hype around those? permalink parent award report block reply coffee_grdr 4 points 1 day ago you watch too much sci fi, and believe too many research papers.  there are literally thousands of papers claiming to discover or invent something that will revolutionize our lives that turns out not to be accurate.  it either doesn't work, doesn't do what it was supposed to do, or is too costly to create. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... BaldyGull 4 points 1 day ago Those AI driven advanced could have been made with computer models and inference and iteration. And AI did expedite that and make it vastly more efficient, which is great. But AI can only imitate and not innovate currently. And god help us if that ever changes. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The vast power requirements are not for running the AI model, they're for developing it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM ROFL. Ok, skippy. Tell us what AI is... since you obviously know more than I do... someone who literally works in the field. Cmon... let's see how many more words you got in that prompt. I will guarantee every single word you say after this will underscore your ignorance of the field. So let's play. AI only does TWO THINGS. And BOTH are predictive. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covfefebrulee 2 points 1 day ago Yeah. And I never did like clowns. permalink parent award report block reply gasemall 1 points 1 day ago It is an AI bubble, and it is eating itself right now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3JfOxx6Hh4 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... USDMaga 6 points 1 day ago Once the green movement affects THEM, suddenly it has to stop. As long as it was just the "plebs" being bothered they didn't care. permalink parent award report block reply
hellohellohellohell 34 points 1 day ago I hate Bill Gates AND Microsoft, but Bill Gates has almost nothing to do with Microsoft at this point. I don't think he's even a significant shareholder anymore. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 33 points 1 day ago It's not just Microsoft.  It's Google's Gemeni, OpenAI, etc.  Big Tech as a group has pivoted, along with powerful stakeholders in DC, due to their need for increased power and production of equipment necessary to develop AI models.  Bill Gates' statement is merely the most visible and recent example. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 23 points 1 day ago Bill is CEO of a multi-billion dollar nuclear energy company, TerraPower. He is tied to AI from the energy side. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 15 points 1 day ago Wow, excellent insight.   Another piece of the puzzle.  Thank you for sharing! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 7 points 1 day ago And that is why he said climate is not our biggest problem.  He did not say Climate change is BS. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago It's a good thing Hillary sold a chunk of our Uranium production to Putin and Russia permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 1 day ago How is this connected to owning large amounts of farm land? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpsBigBalls 7 points 1 day ago top commentors most likely didn't even read the article let alone watch the video to be fair...they just saw Bill Gates and Climate Crisis... notic how they didn't mention AI at all. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago There is a lot of ignorance on this topic unfortunately.  They can either be perpetually baffled or they can add understanding this arms race to their quiver, and be able to make sense of many seemingly unrelated ground shifts in global&domestic policy and narrative. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Tacotuesday867 3 points 1 day ago So is this why my electric bills are through the roof? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Is one reason, yes.  That and woke policies mandating X% of power generated by renewables. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 2 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is just a known name that retards trust to say things so the people wielding power just feed him a script. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 1 day ago I've used all the AI's. I'm here to tell you that Chat-GPT5 is the closest thing to being actually aware and feeling like I'm talking to a human. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yes, and that's their public model.  They never release their strongest technology. Many are going to be caught on their back foot if they insist on staying in the dark on this arms race. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Bullseyed 1 points 1 day ago Microsoft funds OpenAI which makes ChatGPT. ChatGPT is the engine behind Copilot. That's why its funny when people say ChatGPT is better than Copilot, since they're the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Why do you use AI? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... load 1 more comments...
Zskills OP 33 points 1 day ago It's not just Microsoft.  It's Google's Gemeni, OpenAI, etc.  Big Tech as a group has pivoted, along with powerful stakeholders in DC, due to their need for increased power and production of equipment necessary to develop AI models.  Bill Gates' statement is merely the most visible and recent example. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 23 points 1 day ago Bill is CEO of a multi-billion dollar nuclear energy company, TerraPower. He is tied to AI from the energy side. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 15 points 1 day ago Wow, excellent insight.   Another piece of the puzzle.  Thank you for sharing! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 7 points 1 day ago And that is why he said climate is not our biggest problem.  He did not say Climate change is BS. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago It's a good thing Hillary sold a chunk of our Uranium production to Putin and Russia permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 1 day ago How is this connected to owning large amounts of farm land? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TrumpsBigBalls 7 points 1 day ago top commentors most likely didn't even read the article let alone watch the video to be fair...they just saw Bill Gates and Climate Crisis... notic how they didn't mention AI at all. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago There is a lot of ignorance on this topic unfortunately.  They can either be perpetually baffled or they can add understanding this arms race to their quiver, and be able to make sense of many seemingly unrelated ground shifts in global&domestic policy and narrative. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Tacotuesday867 3 points 1 day ago So is this why my electric bills are through the roof? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Is one reason, yes.  That and woke policies mandating X% of power generated by renewables. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 2 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is just a known name that retards trust to say things so the people wielding power just feed him a script. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 1 day ago I've used all the AI's. I'm here to tell you that Chat-GPT5 is the closest thing to being actually aware and feeling like I'm talking to a human. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yes, and that's their public model.  They never release their strongest technology. Many are going to be caught on their back foot if they insist on staying in the dark on this arms race. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Bullseyed 1 points 1 day ago Microsoft funds OpenAI which makes ChatGPT. ChatGPT is the engine behind Copilot. That's why its funny when people say ChatGPT is better than Copilot, since they're the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Why do you use AI? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... load 1 more comments...
Repentnow 23 points 1 day ago Bill is CEO of a multi-billion dollar nuclear energy company, TerraPower. He is tied to AI from the energy side. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 15 points 1 day ago Wow, excellent insight.   Another piece of the puzzle.  Thank you for sharing! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 7 points 1 day ago And that is why he said climate is not our biggest problem.  He did not say Climate change is BS. permalink parent award report block reply Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago It's a good thing Hillary sold a chunk of our Uranium production to Putin and Russia permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 1 day ago How is this connected to owning large amounts of farm land? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Zskills OP 15 points 1 day ago Wow, excellent insight.   Another piece of the puzzle.  Thank you for sharing! permalink parent award report block reply
yukondave 7 points 1 day ago And that is why he said climate is not our biggest problem.  He did not say Climate change is BS. permalink parent award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 4 points 1 day ago It's a good thing Hillary sold a chunk of our Uranium production to Putin and Russia permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 3 points 1 day ago How is this connected to owning large amounts of farm land? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TrumpsBigBalls 7 points 1 day ago top commentors most likely didn't even read the article let alone watch the video to be fair...they just saw Bill Gates and Climate Crisis... notic how they didn't mention AI at all. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago There is a lot of ignorance on this topic unfortunately.  They can either be perpetually baffled or they can add understanding this arms race to their quiver, and be able to make sense of many seemingly unrelated ground shifts in global&domestic policy and narrative. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago There is a lot of ignorance on this topic unfortunately.  They can either be perpetually baffled or they can add understanding this arms race to their quiver, and be able to make sense of many seemingly unrelated ground shifts in global&domestic policy and narrative. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Tacotuesday867 3 points 1 day ago So is this why my electric bills are through the roof? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Is one reason, yes.  That and woke policies mandating X% of power generated by renewables. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Is one reason, yes.  That and woke policies mandating X% of power generated by renewables. permalink parent award report block reply
StayoutOfit 2 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is just a known name that retards trust to say things so the people wielding power just feed him a script. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 2 points 1 day ago I've used all the AI's. I'm here to tell you that Chat-GPT5 is the closest thing to being actually aware and feeling like I'm talking to a human. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yes, and that's their public model.  They never release their strongest technology. Many are going to be caught on their back foot if they insist on staying in the dark on this arms race. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Bullseyed 1 points 1 day ago Microsoft funds OpenAI which makes ChatGPT. ChatGPT is the engine behind Copilot. That's why its funny when people say ChatGPT is better than Copilot, since they're the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Why do you use AI? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yes, and that's their public model.  They never release their strongest technology. Many are going to be caught on their back foot if they insist on staying in the dark on this arms race. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Bullseyed 1 points 1 day ago Microsoft funds OpenAI which makes ChatGPT. ChatGPT is the engine behind Copilot. That's why its funny when people say ChatGPT is better than Copilot, since they're the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Why do you use AI? permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Bigstick7 11 points 1 day ago This is also the reason we are hearing about more Nuclear facilities being planned. Not to provide cheaper energy to the people but to fuel their control. permalink parent award report block reply MrHarryReems 4 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. You're a fucking idiot. Any dollar you put into that, won't see realization for 25 years. Just put your fucking money into an index tied fund for fucks sake. permalink parent award report block reply Thankmelater 1 points 22 hours ago I have doubled, yes doubled, my $ for 2025 investing only in energy. Utilities are wonderful. permalink parent award report block reply
MrHarryReems 4 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. You're a fucking idiot. Any dollar you put into that, won't see realization for 25 years. Just put your fucking money into an index tied fund for fucks sake. permalink parent award report block reply Thankmelater 1 points 22 hours ago I have doubled, yes doubled, my $ for 2025 investing only in energy. Utilities are wonderful. permalink parent award report block reply
SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago This is the reason I'm currently investing in the energy sector, specifically nuclear. You're a fucking idiot. Any dollar you put into that, won't see realization for 25 years. Just put your fucking money into an index tied fund for fucks sake. permalink parent award report block reply Thankmelater 1 points 22 hours ago I have doubled, yes doubled, my $ for 2025 investing only in energy. Utilities are wonderful. permalink parent award report block reply
Thankmelater 1 points 22 hours ago I have doubled, yes doubled, my $ for 2025 investing only in energy. Utilities are wonderful. permalink parent award report block reply
bluto36 8 points 1 day ago and this is why you are seeing all the approved Nuke plants that will be built. not for you, not for the climate but for AI permalink parent award report block reply
Covfefebrulee 6 points 1 day ago Yep, have to gaslight and change the narrative now!  Git that power! permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 9 points 1 day ago Trying to pump that AI bubble hard.  Fucking useless chatbot that requires nuclear power plant to complete a sentence. We are a clown nation. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago I wouldn't be so quick to write off AI. That's just the "free sample" version of it. More specialized and advanced models are being used in medicine and industry to find solutions no human would think of. As much as the academic white collar crowd loves to go "I'm a free thinker!", they're all extremely bound up by paradigms and trends that AI aren't susceptible to. For example: a group at MIT created a printable aluminum alloy that is 5 times stronger than any other aluminum alloy we have using an AI model. That puts it on par or above titanium alloys used in aerospace. That's an academic search that's taken years, and would take decades more, solved in months. Another group optimized titanium machining lines to increase production significantly, something no humans had been able to find. AI is being used by doctors to analyze test results far quicker and more accurately than any human can. AI is being used by trading firms to react to market changes faster than any human could be. Even in circumstances regarding non-objective sources, like speeches and whatnot. Hell, because Jerome Powell starts every speech the same whether depending if its good or bad news, you can watch stock prices drop +/- 1-3% depending on how he begins a speech. The second the first few words leave his mouth, you can see a spike or dip. That's all AI trading. So AI is basically going to be the Industrial Revolution for the white collar crowd... And I say fuck 'em. They had no empathy when robots came for the auto plants, or environmentalists drove coal mines out of business, so I've got none to spare for them. We can all be miserable together. permalink parent award report block reply FuckAllDemocrats 9 points 1 day ago I remember when fate of humanity hinged on climate change. Now it’s AI permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 7 points 1 day ago AI will help sub average people approach average. Smart people have no need for it, and recognize the peril of handing control of anything over to computers coded by people who hate me and hate Christ. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... popcycle 4 points 1 day ago also, the mit article was clumsily written, to the point that it's possible to know exactly what article you read ( J. chu).   the aluminum alloy they developed had similar strength to wrought 7075 al, which does overlap the strength of some titanium aloys....but it isn't completely novel to do that, 7075 is from 1935, used in the zero..... ....read the paper itself, and you'll feel better about human prospects, I guess, human scientists were in the driver's seat the whole way, and basically, used some machine learning algorithms to do faster optimizing.   neural networks, it looks like. remember the hype around those? permalink parent award report block reply coffee_grdr 4 points 1 day ago you watch too much sci fi, and believe too many research papers.  there are literally thousands of papers claiming to discover or invent something that will revolutionize our lives that turns out not to be accurate.  it either doesn't work, doesn't do what it was supposed to do, or is too costly to create. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... BaldyGull 4 points 1 day ago Those AI driven advanced could have been made with computer models and inference and iteration. And AI did expedite that and make it vastly more efficient, which is great. But AI can only imitate and not innovate currently. And god help us if that ever changes. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The vast power requirements are not for running the AI model, they're for developing it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM ROFL. Ok, skippy. Tell us what AI is... since you obviously know more than I do... someone who literally works in the field. Cmon... let's see how many more words you got in that prompt. I will guarantee every single word you say after this will underscore your ignorance of the field. So let's play. AI only does TWO THINGS. And BOTH are predictive. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covfefebrulee 2 points 1 day ago Yeah. And I never did like clowns. permalink parent award report block reply gasemall 1 points 1 day ago It is an AI bubble, and it is eating itself right now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3JfOxx6Hh4 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
DeportThemAllForever 9 points 1 day ago Trying to pump that AI bubble hard.  Fucking useless chatbot that requires nuclear power plant to complete a sentence. We are a clown nation. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago I wouldn't be so quick to write off AI. That's just the "free sample" version of it. More specialized and advanced models are being used in medicine and industry to find solutions no human would think of. As much as the academic white collar crowd loves to go "I'm a free thinker!", they're all extremely bound up by paradigms and trends that AI aren't susceptible to. For example: a group at MIT created a printable aluminum alloy that is 5 times stronger than any other aluminum alloy we have using an AI model. That puts it on par or above titanium alloys used in aerospace. That's an academic search that's taken years, and would take decades more, solved in months. Another group optimized titanium machining lines to increase production significantly, something no humans had been able to find. AI is being used by doctors to analyze test results far quicker and more accurately than any human can. AI is being used by trading firms to react to market changes faster than any human could be. Even in circumstances regarding non-objective sources, like speeches and whatnot. Hell, because Jerome Powell starts every speech the same whether depending if its good or bad news, you can watch stock prices drop +/- 1-3% depending on how he begins a speech. The second the first few words leave his mouth, you can see a spike or dip. That's all AI trading. So AI is basically going to be the Industrial Revolution for the white collar crowd... And I say fuck 'em. They had no empathy when robots came for the auto plants, or environmentalists drove coal mines out of business, so I've got none to spare for them. We can all be miserable together. permalink parent award report block reply FuckAllDemocrats 9 points 1 day ago I remember when fate of humanity hinged on climate change. Now it’s AI permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 7 points 1 day ago AI will help sub average people approach average. Smart people have no need for it, and recognize the peril of handing control of anything over to computers coded by people who hate me and hate Christ. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... popcycle 4 points 1 day ago also, the mit article was clumsily written, to the point that it's possible to know exactly what article you read ( J. chu).   the aluminum alloy they developed had similar strength to wrought 7075 al, which does overlap the strength of some titanium aloys....but it isn't completely novel to do that, 7075 is from 1935, used in the zero..... ....read the paper itself, and you'll feel better about human prospects, I guess, human scientists were in the driver's seat the whole way, and basically, used some machine learning algorithms to do faster optimizing.   neural networks, it looks like. remember the hype around those? permalink parent award report block reply coffee_grdr 4 points 1 day ago you watch too much sci fi, and believe too many research papers.  there are literally thousands of papers claiming to discover or invent something that will revolutionize our lives that turns out not to be accurate.  it either doesn't work, doesn't do what it was supposed to do, or is too costly to create. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... BaldyGull 4 points 1 day ago Those AI driven advanced could have been made with computer models and inference and iteration. And AI did expedite that and make it vastly more efficient, which is great. But AI can only imitate and not innovate currently. And god help us if that ever changes. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The vast power requirements are not for running the AI model, they're for developing it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM ROFL. Ok, skippy. Tell us what AI is... since you obviously know more than I do... someone who literally works in the field. Cmon... let's see how many more words you got in that prompt. I will guarantee every single word you say after this will underscore your ignorance of the field. So let's play. AI only does TWO THINGS. And BOTH are predictive. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Covfefebrulee 2 points 1 day ago Yeah. And I never did like clowns. permalink parent award report block reply gasemall 1 points 1 day ago It is an AI bubble, and it is eating itself right now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3JfOxx6Hh4 permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
SemperFidelis231 5 points 1 day ago I wouldn't be so quick to write off AI. That's just the "free sample" version of it. More specialized and advanced models are being used in medicine and industry to find solutions no human would think of. As much as the academic white collar crowd loves to go "I'm a free thinker!", they're all extremely bound up by paradigms and trends that AI aren't susceptible to. For example: a group at MIT created a printable aluminum alloy that is 5 times stronger than any other aluminum alloy we have using an AI model. That puts it on par or above titanium alloys used in aerospace. That's an academic search that's taken years, and would take decades more, solved in months. Another group optimized titanium machining lines to increase production significantly, something no humans had been able to find. AI is being used by doctors to analyze test results far quicker and more accurately than any human can. AI is being used by trading firms to react to market changes faster than any human could be. Even in circumstances regarding non-objective sources, like speeches and whatnot. Hell, because Jerome Powell starts every speech the same whether depending if its good or bad news, you can watch stock prices drop +/- 1-3% depending on how he begins a speech. The second the first few words leave his mouth, you can see a spike or dip. That's all AI trading. So AI is basically going to be the Industrial Revolution for the white collar crowd... And I say fuck 'em. They had no empathy when robots came for the auto plants, or environmentalists drove coal mines out of business, so I've got none to spare for them. We can all be miserable together. permalink parent award report block reply FuckAllDemocrats 9 points 1 day ago I remember when fate of humanity hinged on climate change. Now it’s AI permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Wexit-Delecto 7 points 1 day ago AI will help sub average people approach average. Smart people have no need for it, and recognize the peril of handing control of anything over to computers coded by people who hate me and hate Christ. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... popcycle 4 points 1 day ago also, the mit article was clumsily written, to the point that it's possible to know exactly what article you read ( J. chu).   the aluminum alloy they developed had similar strength to wrought 7075 al, which does overlap the strength of some titanium aloys....but it isn't completely novel to do that, 7075 is from 1935, used in the zero..... ....read the paper itself, and you'll feel better about human prospects, I guess, human scientists were in the driver's seat the whole way, and basically, used some machine learning algorithms to do faster optimizing.   neural networks, it looks like. remember the hype around those? permalink parent award report block reply coffee_grdr 4 points 1 day ago you watch too much sci fi, and believe too many research papers.  there are literally thousands of papers claiming to discover or invent something that will revolutionize our lives that turns out not to be accurate.  it either doesn't work, doesn't do what it was supposed to do, or is too costly to create. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... BaldyGull 4 points 1 day ago Those AI driven advanced could have been made with computer models and inference and iteration. And AI did expedite that and make it vastly more efficient, which is great. But AI can only imitate and not innovate currently. And god help us if that ever changes. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
FuckAllDemocrats 9 points 1 day ago I remember when fate of humanity hinged on climate change. Now it’s AI permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 7 points 1 day ago AI will help sub average people approach average. Smart people have no need for it, and recognize the peril of handing control of anything over to computers coded by people who hate me and hate Christ. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
popcycle 4 points 1 day ago also, the mit article was clumsily written, to the point that it's possible to know exactly what article you read ( J. chu).   the aluminum alloy they developed had similar strength to wrought 7075 al, which does overlap the strength of some titanium aloys....but it isn't completely novel to do that, 7075 is from 1935, used in the zero..... ....read the paper itself, and you'll feel better about human prospects, I guess, human scientists were in the driver's seat the whole way, and basically, used some machine learning algorithms to do faster optimizing.   neural networks, it looks like. remember the hype around those? permalink parent award report block reply
coffee_grdr 4 points 1 day ago you watch too much sci fi, and believe too many research papers.  there are literally thousands of papers claiming to discover or invent something that will revolutionize our lives that turns out not to be accurate.  it either doesn't work, doesn't do what it was supposed to do, or is too costly to create. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
BaldyGull 4 points 1 day ago Those AI driven advanced could have been made with computer models and inference and iteration. And AI did expedite that and make it vastly more efficient, which is great. But AI can only imitate and not innovate currently. And god help us if that ever changes. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The vast power requirements are not for running the AI model, they're for developing it. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpsBigBalls 2 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 1 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM ROFL. Ok, skippy. Tell us what AI is... since you obviously know more than I do... someone who literally works in the field. Cmon... let's see how many more words you got in that prompt. I will guarantee every single word you say after this will underscore your ignorance of the field. So let's play. AI only does TWO THINGS. And BOTH are predictive. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SirPokeSmottington 1 points 1 day ago this is the most retarded take a summation of what AI is. LLMs = AI, AI does not = LLM ROFL. Ok, skippy. Tell us what AI is... since you obviously know more than I do... someone who literally works in the field. Cmon... let's see how many more words you got in that prompt. I will guarantee every single word you say after this will underscore your ignorance of the field. So let's play. AI only does TWO THINGS. And BOTH are predictive. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Covfefebrulee 2 points 1 day ago Yeah. And I never did like clowns. permalink parent award report block reply
gasemall 1 points 1 day ago It is an AI bubble, and it is eating itself right now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3JfOxx6Hh4 permalink parent award report block reply
USDMaga 6 points 1 day ago Once the green movement affects THEM, suddenly it has to stop. As long as it was just the "plebs" being bothered they didn't care. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 34 points 1 day ago "SUPER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE" lmao ok permalink award report block reply Barnyardb 24 points 1 day ago "Extra Strength" Tylenol permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 3 points 1 day ago I have never found a tylenol that wasn't "extra strength". What's up with that
Marketing run amok I'd guess. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 2 points 23 hours ago They actually do make some small 350 mg pills that suck compared to the 500s..   you have to take way more to kill your liver and make you kids retarded.       Kratom is better. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 0 points 1 day ago you win the internet today sir! permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 12 points 1 day ago It doesn't matter what we believe. It matters what power brokers in Washington DC believe, and their actions in the last 5 years have made it perfectly clear.  You can scoff at it all you want.  But understanding this issue will put a lot of pieces together for you in the modern landscape of geopolitics and foreign and domestic policy.  They are taking this very, very seriously even if you aren't. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 14 points 1 day ago Washington DC is full of a bunch of retards. What they believe has no connection to reality. The biggest threat to the US government is the incompetent black women within the US government. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago What they believe has no connection to reality. Retarded they may be.  But they create policy.  It very much matters, even if they're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 1 day ago The inverse of "the customer is always right". Doesn't matter why a customer believes they do or don't want your product, they are right because they will spend their money how they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago Also, there's a difference between being wrong and being evil. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 9 points 1 day ago Supposed A.I. has nothing whatsoever to do with actual intelligence. The cyborg army is not on our doorstep. The algorithm based technology will be used to manipulate humans.  That's the danger..... there will be no "singularity" and no "general intelligence."  The Terminator is not and will never be real. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally -2 points 1 day ago The smartest AI are no longer LLMs, and have a neural network, and they are getting so complex that even the people building it are unable to fully understand it. This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. Misrepresenting that leap does a disservice to yourself as well as everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 12 hours ago This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. Used to be, in software at least, unpredictable behavior of a system, with code that couldn't be audited and readily understood, was just called spaghetti code. What is being presented as revolutionary progress and capability is typically either marketing and stock-pumping horseshit, or- if as described, and potentially worse- just an example of horrifically poor engineering fundamentals. You do not design a system- mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, software-defined, whatever - to produce unpredictable or inconsistent results, nor do you simply accept a black-box system of your own creation- unless you utterly lack any basic competence for engineering across your entire endeavor and organization. Vibe coders are a plague. Vibe-coding the AI itself is engineering window-licking. Using that system to then generate more code is window-licking, paste-eating, mouth-breathing navel-twiddling. That's how you get an industrial complex technical foundation on par with China's tofu buildings, and make sure there's no way to fix the problem once reality forcibly identifies it for the hapless onlookers. The threat is not skynet, and the threat is not radical technological change. The threat is shitty engineering masquerading as marvelous progress. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. So has Chinese real estate development. Still wouldn't want to live in or around any of those buildings, though, if you know how they're actually made. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago super artificial cyber supremacy!!! permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Is that like white supremacy? permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 1 day ago Crypto = steal money Sports betting = steal money a.i. = track and guide every human behavior on the planet while stealing money from taxpayers permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 1 points 1 day ago Yeah matrix multiplication and probability calculation is super super duper important permalink parent award report block reply 24601 8 points 1 day ago It's capable of extra realistic porn as well as slightly better essay writing. permalink parent award report block reply Kricket 1 points 1 day ago Eh, they’re referring to a tier known as “general intelligence,” which is still years away. Super duper ultra mega intelligence sounds flashier tho. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
Barnyardb 24 points 1 day ago "Extra Strength" Tylenol permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 3 points 1 day ago I have never found a tylenol that wasn't "extra strength". What's up with that
Marketing run amok I'd guess. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 2 points 23 hours ago They actually do make some small 350 mg pills that suck compared to the 500s..   you have to take way more to kill your liver and make you kids retarded.       Kratom is better. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 0 points 1 day ago you win the internet today sir! permalink parent award report block reply
BaldyGull 3 points 1 day ago I have never found a tylenol that wasn't "extra strength". What's up with that
Marketing run amok I'd guess. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 2 points 23 hours ago They actually do make some small 350 mg pills that suck compared to the 500s..   you have to take way more to kill your liver and make you kids retarded.       Kratom is better. permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 2 points 23 hours ago They actually do make some small 350 mg pills that suck compared to the 500s..   you have to take way more to kill your liver and make you kids retarded.       Kratom is better. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 0 points 1 day ago you win the internet today sir! permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 12 points 1 day ago It doesn't matter what we believe. It matters what power brokers in Washington DC believe, and their actions in the last 5 years have made it perfectly clear.  You can scoff at it all you want.  But understanding this issue will put a lot of pieces together for you in the modern landscape of geopolitics and foreign and domestic policy.  They are taking this very, very seriously even if you aren't. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 14 points 1 day ago Washington DC is full of a bunch of retards. What they believe has no connection to reality. The biggest threat to the US government is the incompetent black women within the US government. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago What they believe has no connection to reality. Retarded they may be.  But they create policy.  It very much matters, even if they're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 1 day ago The inverse of "the customer is always right". Doesn't matter why a customer believes they do or don't want your product, they are right because they will spend their money how they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago Also, there's a difference between being wrong and being evil. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 9 points 1 day ago Supposed A.I. has nothing whatsoever to do with actual intelligence. The cyborg army is not on our doorstep. The algorithm based technology will be used to manipulate humans.  That's the danger..... there will be no "singularity" and no "general intelligence."  The Terminator is not and will never be real. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally -2 points 1 day ago The smartest AI are no longer LLMs, and have a neural network, and they are getting so complex that even the people building it are unable to fully understand it. This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. Misrepresenting that leap does a disservice to yourself as well as everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 12 hours ago This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. Used to be, in software at least, unpredictable behavior of a system, with code that couldn't be audited and readily understood, was just called spaghetti code. What is being presented as revolutionary progress and capability is typically either marketing and stock-pumping horseshit, or- if as described, and potentially worse- just an example of horrifically poor engineering fundamentals. You do not design a system- mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, software-defined, whatever - to produce unpredictable or inconsistent results, nor do you simply accept a black-box system of your own creation- unless you utterly lack any basic competence for engineering across your entire endeavor and organization. Vibe coders are a plague. Vibe-coding the AI itself is engineering window-licking. Using that system to then generate more code is window-licking, paste-eating, mouth-breathing navel-twiddling. That's how you get an industrial complex technical foundation on par with China's tofu buildings, and make sure there's no way to fix the problem once reality forcibly identifies it for the hapless onlookers. The threat is not skynet, and the threat is not radical technological change. The threat is shitty engineering masquerading as marvelous progress. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. So has Chinese real estate development. Still wouldn't want to live in or around any of those buildings, though, if you know how they're actually made. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago super artificial cyber supremacy!!! permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Is that like white supremacy? permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 1 day ago Crypto = steal money Sports betting = steal money a.i. = track and guide every human behavior on the planet while stealing money from taxpayers permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 1 points 1 day ago Yeah matrix multiplication and probability calculation is super super duper important permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 14 points 1 day ago Washington DC is full of a bunch of retards. What they believe has no connection to reality. The biggest threat to the US government is the incompetent black women within the US government. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago What they believe has no connection to reality. Retarded they may be.  But they create policy.  It very much matters, even if they're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 1 day ago The inverse of "the customer is always right". Doesn't matter why a customer believes they do or don't want your product, they are right because they will spend their money how they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago Also, there's a difference between being wrong and being evil. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago What they believe has no connection to reality. Retarded they may be.  But they create policy.  It very much matters, even if they're wrong. permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 1 points 1 day ago The inverse of "the customer is always right". Doesn't matter why a customer believes they do or don't want your product, they are right because they will spend their money how they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago Also, there's a difference between being wrong and being evil. permalink parent award report block reply
BaldyGull 1 points 1 day ago The inverse of "the customer is always right". Doesn't matter why a customer believes they do or don't want your product, they are right because they will spend their money how they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago Also, there's a difference between being wrong and being evil. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 9 points 1 day ago Supposed A.I. has nothing whatsoever to do with actual intelligence. The cyborg army is not on our doorstep. The algorithm based technology will be used to manipulate humans.  That's the danger..... there will be no "singularity" and no "general intelligence."  The Terminator is not and will never be real. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally -2 points 1 day ago The smartest AI are no longer LLMs, and have a neural network, and they are getting so complex that even the people building it are unable to fully understand it. This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. Misrepresenting that leap does a disservice to yourself as well as everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 12 hours ago This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. Used to be, in software at least, unpredictable behavior of a system, with code that couldn't be audited and readily understood, was just called spaghetti code. What is being presented as revolutionary progress and capability is typically either marketing and stock-pumping horseshit, or- if as described, and potentially worse- just an example of horrifically poor engineering fundamentals. You do not design a system- mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, software-defined, whatever - to produce unpredictable or inconsistent results, nor do you simply accept a black-box system of your own creation- unless you utterly lack any basic competence for engineering across your entire endeavor and organization. Vibe coders are a plague. Vibe-coding the AI itself is engineering window-licking. Using that system to then generate more code is window-licking, paste-eating, mouth-breathing navel-twiddling. That's how you get an industrial complex technical foundation on par with China's tofu buildings, and make sure there's no way to fix the problem once reality forcibly identifies it for the hapless onlookers. The threat is not skynet, and the threat is not radical technological change. The threat is shitty engineering masquerading as marvelous progress. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. So has Chinese real estate development. Still wouldn't want to live in or around any of those buildings, though, if you know how they're actually made. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally -2 points 1 day ago The smartest AI are no longer LLMs, and have a neural network, and they are getting so complex that even the people building it are unable to fully understand it. This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. Misrepresenting that leap does a disservice to yourself as well as everyone else. permalink parent award report block reply semsem 1 points 12 hours ago This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. Used to be, in software at least, unpredictable behavior of a system, with code that couldn't be audited and readily understood, was just called spaghetti code. What is being presented as revolutionary progress and capability is typically either marketing and stock-pumping horseshit, or- if as described, and potentially worse- just an example of horrifically poor engineering fundamentals. You do not design a system- mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, software-defined, whatever - to produce unpredictable or inconsistent results, nor do you simply accept a black-box system of your own creation- unless you utterly lack any basic competence for engineering across your entire endeavor and organization. Vibe coders are a plague. Vibe-coding the AI itself is engineering window-licking. Using that system to then generate more code is window-licking, paste-eating, mouth-breathing navel-twiddling. That's how you get an industrial complex technical foundation on par with China's tofu buildings, and make sure there's no way to fix the problem once reality forcibly identifies it for the hapless onlookers. The threat is not skynet, and the threat is not radical technological change. The threat is shitty engineering masquerading as marvelous progress. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. So has Chinese real estate development. Still wouldn't want to live in or around any of those buildings, though, if you know how they're actually made. permalink parent award report block reply
semsem 1 points 12 hours ago This is an important thing to note because it is the first time in history where we have not understood our technological leaps. Used to be, in software at least, unpredictable behavior of a system, with code that couldn't be audited and readily understood, was just called spaghetti code. What is being presented as revolutionary progress and capability is typically either marketing and stock-pumping horseshit, or- if as described, and potentially worse- just an example of horrifically poor engineering fundamentals. You do not design a system- mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, software-defined, whatever - to produce unpredictable or inconsistent results, nor do you simply accept a black-box system of your own creation- unless you utterly lack any basic competence for engineering across your entire endeavor and organization. Vibe coders are a plague. Vibe-coding the AI itself is engineering window-licking. Using that system to then generate more code is window-licking, paste-eating, mouth-breathing navel-twiddling. That's how you get an industrial complex technical foundation on par with China's tofu buildings, and make sure there's no way to fix the problem once reality forcibly identifies it for the hapless onlookers. The threat is not skynet, and the threat is not radical technological change. The threat is shitty engineering masquerading as marvelous progress. In 5 years, AI has grown faster than any other technology. So has Chinese real estate development. Still wouldn't want to live in or around any of those buildings, though, if you know how they're actually made. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 5 points 1 day ago super artificial cyber supremacy!!! permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Is that like white supremacy? permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago Is that like white supremacy? permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 1 day ago Crypto = steal money Sports betting = steal money a.i. = track and guide every human behavior on the planet while stealing money from taxpayers permalink parent award report block reply
staroframphansbhole 1 points 1 day ago Yeah matrix multiplication and probability calculation is super super duper important permalink parent award report block reply
24601 8 points 1 day ago It's capable of extra realistic porn as well as slightly better essay writing. permalink parent award report block reply
Kricket 1 points 1 day ago Eh, they’re referring to a tier known as “general intelligence,” which is still years away. Super duper ultra mega intelligence sounds flashier tho. permalink parent award report block reply
reversethefraud 22 points 1 day ago Bill Gates is still a cunt. permalink award report block reply Skogin 6 points 1 day ago Rid us of this cunt. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 7 points 1 day ago At least we know his relationship with Epstein was purely innocent, since Epstein was only trafficking to himself and all. permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 6 points 1 day ago Rid us of this cunt. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 7 points 1 day ago At least we know his relationship with Epstein was purely innocent, since Epstein was only trafficking to himself and all. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 7 points 1 day ago At least we know his relationship with Epstein was purely innocent, since Epstein was only trafficking to himself and all. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 21 points 1 day ago https://youtu.be/5KVDDfAkRgc?si=ee1vo4hE5GZ6d-FF What do rare earth minerals deals, the pivot from climate alarmism, magnet manufacturing, investment in nuclear power, and the CHIPS act etc. have in common? The world is racing toward Super Artificial Intelligence, and powerful people (including the White House) believe that the victor has a massive advantage in warfare, resource management, trade negotiations, legislation, and ultimately global control of the future of humanity. To skeptics of the feasibility of Super AI, I would suggest that it doesn't matter what we believe.  It matters what power brokers in Washington DC believe, and their actions in the last 5 years have made it perfectly clear. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 10 points 1 day ago to trick China into bogus Ai arms race all the way to bankruptcy before the bubble bursts permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 11 points 1 day ago Man plans, God laughs. Might as well enjoy the show since we've all paid into it with the sweat of our brow. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The "bubble" you speak of is an economic one, based on speculative value of the stock prices of companies like NVidia.  The underlying technology is chugging along making incremental progress and will continue doing so regardless of what the stock market does. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago When the Railroad Bubble Popped in 1873, the railroads didn’t simply cease to exist. When the DotCom Bubble popped in 1990, the internet didn’t simply disappear. When the AI bubble pops, AI won’t simply disappear. What will happen is what always happens in this situation. The weaker companies will all go bankrupt while the stronger companies (like the Vanderbilts in the 1870s and Google in the 1990s) go out and buy up all the bankrupting companies infrastructure for pennies on the dollar. Thus making these companies even stronger. permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 4 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 1 day ago but the power plants will be as usable as any others permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 0 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math That is the thing that kills me. Jesus christ you nerds, it's time to create a 'math co-processor' like the Intel 80387SX did for the 386. I mean, you literally cannot program a "pocket calculator" agent for all AI to use? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... covok48 5 points 1 day ago Blah blah blah we’re just little pawns & helpless so the government can dictate anything they want. The fuck outta here. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago I am not under the impression that our government typically follows the will of the people. permalink parent award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 1 day ago Well, that was the scariest thing I've watched in a while, thank you. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yeah the future is not written but many very intelligent people believe this is a realistic game theory analysis.  And powerful people with influence agree. You'll start noticing things and headlines with a different point of view now. Thank you for actually watching before commenting.  90% of people apparently did not, lol. permalink parent award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 21 hours ago Thanks for posting.  It was a great video.  Had me questioning if the host was an AI creation and if the whole video was AI manufactured in order to deceive us and lead us down the wrong path.  Fascinating. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago It does matter what we believe, because how we act is determine by what we believe, which is why people with resources expend them convincing us of things. And, what really matters more than what the government believes, is what is true , their decisions will cost us, but what happens after that is determined by what is true. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 10 points 1 day ago to trick China into bogus Ai arms race all the way to bankruptcy before the bubble bursts permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 11 points 1 day ago Man plans, God laughs. Might as well enjoy the show since we've all paid into it with the sweat of our brow. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The "bubble" you speak of is an economic one, based on speculative value of the stock prices of companies like NVidia.  The underlying technology is chugging along making incremental progress and will continue doing so regardless of what the stock market does. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago When the Railroad Bubble Popped in 1873, the railroads didn’t simply cease to exist. When the DotCom Bubble popped in 1990, the internet didn’t simply disappear. When the AI bubble pops, AI won’t simply disappear. What will happen is what always happens in this situation. The weaker companies will all go bankrupt while the stronger companies (like the Vanderbilts in the 1870s and Google in the 1990s) go out and buy up all the bankrupting companies infrastructure for pennies on the dollar. Thus making these companies even stronger. permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 4 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 1 day ago but the power plants will be as usable as any others permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 0 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math That is the thing that kills me. Jesus christ you nerds, it's time to create a 'math co-processor' like the Intel 80387SX did for the 386. I mean, you literally cannot program a "pocket calculator" agent for all AI to use? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LostElf 11 points 1 day ago Man plans, God laughs. Might as well enjoy the show since we've all paid into it with the sweat of our brow. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago The "bubble" you speak of is an economic one, based on speculative value of the stock prices of companies like NVidia.  The underlying technology is chugging along making incremental progress and will continue doing so regardless of what the stock market does. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago When the Railroad Bubble Popped in 1873, the railroads didn’t simply cease to exist. When the DotCom Bubble popped in 1990, the internet didn’t simply disappear. When the AI bubble pops, AI won’t simply disappear. What will happen is what always happens in this situation. The weaker companies will all go bankrupt while the stronger companies (like the Vanderbilts in the 1870s and Google in the 1990s) go out and buy up all the bankrupting companies infrastructure for pennies on the dollar. Thus making these companies even stronger. permalink parent award report block reply staroframphansbhole 4 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 1 day ago but the power plants will be as usable as any others permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 0 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math That is the thing that kills me. Jesus christ you nerds, it's time to create a 'math co-processor' like the Intel 80387SX did for the 386. I mean, you literally cannot program a "pocket calculator" agent for all AI to use? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago When the Railroad Bubble Popped in 1873, the railroads didn’t simply cease to exist. When the DotCom Bubble popped in 1990, the internet didn’t simply disappear. When the AI bubble pops, AI won’t simply disappear. What will happen is what always happens in this situation. The weaker companies will all go bankrupt while the stronger companies (like the Vanderbilts in the 1870s and Google in the 1990s) go out and buy up all the bankrupting companies infrastructure for pennies on the dollar. Thus making these companies even stronger. permalink parent award report block reply
staroframphansbhole 4 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 1 day ago but the power plants will be as usable as any others permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 0 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math That is the thing that kills me. Jesus christ you nerds, it's time to create a 'math co-processor' like the Intel 80387SX did for the 386. I mean, you literally cannot program a "pocket calculator" agent for all AI to use? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
popcycle 1 points 1 day ago but the power plants will be as usable as any others permalink parent award report block reply
SirPokeSmottington 0 points 1 day ago The underlying technology is fundamentally flawed because it’s a matrix multiplication prediction engine incapable of understanding and it sucks at math That is the thing that kills me. Jesus christ you nerds, it's time to create a 'math co-processor' like the Intel 80387SX did for the 386. I mean, you literally cannot program a "pocket calculator" agent for all AI to use? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
covok48 5 points 1 day ago Blah blah blah we’re just little pawns & helpless so the government can dictate anything they want. The fuck outta here. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago I am not under the impression that our government typically follows the will of the people. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago I am not under the impression that our government typically follows the will of the people. permalink parent award report block reply
Nezock_theKnight 2 points 1 day ago Well, that was the scariest thing I've watched in a while, thank you. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yeah the future is not written but many very intelligent people believe this is a realistic game theory analysis.  And powerful people with influence agree. You'll start noticing things and headlines with a different point of view now. Thank you for actually watching before commenting.  90% of people apparently did not, lol. permalink parent award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 21 hours ago Thanks for posting.  It was a great video.  Had me questioning if the host was an AI creation and if the whole video was AI manufactured in order to deceive us and lead us down the wrong path.  Fascinating. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Yeah the future is not written but many very intelligent people believe this is a realistic game theory analysis.  And powerful people with influence agree. You'll start noticing things and headlines with a different point of view now. Thank you for actually watching before commenting.  90% of people apparently did not, lol. permalink parent award report block reply Nezock_theKnight 2 points 21 hours ago Thanks for posting.  It was a great video.  Had me questioning if the host was an AI creation and if the whole video was AI manufactured in order to deceive us and lead us down the wrong path.  Fascinating. permalink parent award report block reply
Nezock_theKnight 2 points 21 hours ago Thanks for posting.  It was a great video.  Had me questioning if the host was an AI creation and if the whole video was AI manufactured in order to deceive us and lead us down the wrong path.  Fascinating. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago It does matter what we believe, because how we act is determine by what we believe, which is why people with resources expend them convincing us of things. And, what really matters more than what the government believes, is what is true , their decisions will cost us, but what happens after that is determined by what is true. permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 16 points 1 day ago The winner controls the image of the beast. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. -- Rev 13:15 permalink award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 12 points 1 day ago Hope they both lose, China for obvious reason but also the US because our entire government is currently completely possessed by communists as well. It'd be better for the whole project to implode than to allow either one to decide the fate of  humanity. permalink award report block reply
Dev404 11 points 1 day ago China only made it as far as they have by having CCP infiltrators all over every first world country by bribing their politicians into looking the other way. Their ideas are not their own and they're known for reverse engineering products from other countries to try to figure out how they work. However, they lack the understanding of the core principles of how certain new technologies work and they often have some unstable/inferior version of a product that they use to compete in the market and market as their own. The CCP do not like smart people because they're viewed as dangerous, they like "just smart enough and compliant" people who think the same, which limits their ability to innovate. permalink award report block reply PowerOfBlues 6 points 1 day ago "just smart enough and compliant" perfectly describes 95% of productive citizens pretty much everywhere... who are functional enough to not put a drain on the system.... but not inquisitive or morally courageous enough to challenge corrupt leadership...... There's not a government in the world that doesn't want as many as these dumb fucks as possible Innovate...schminnovate...... Technology is the most overrated.. and deceptively destructive thing in the world.... that people love to jack off to permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago This will probably continue to be the case.   China will copy American innovation. AI models are just a file on a computer, easy to steal.  The vast amounts of power are not necessary for running the models, merely for developing them. China can steal an AI model and run it on a server of theirs with almost no work, investment, or energy. permalink parent award report block reply
PowerOfBlues 6 points 1 day ago "just smart enough and compliant" perfectly describes 95% of productive citizens pretty much everywhere... who are functional enough to not put a drain on the system.... but not inquisitive or morally courageous enough to challenge corrupt leadership...... There's not a government in the world that doesn't want as many as these dumb fucks as possible Innovate...schminnovate...... Technology is the most overrated.. and deceptively destructive thing in the world.... that people love to jack off to permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago This will probably continue to be the case.   China will copy American innovation. AI models are just a file on a computer, easy to steal.  The vast amounts of power are not necessary for running the models, merely for developing them. China can steal an AI model and run it on a server of theirs with almost no work, investment, or energy. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 8 points 1 day ago The nomenclature is ASI, but we don't even have AGI yet (although it's coming.) It seems a lot of people here don't understand the threat, but people also thought newspapers couldn't be supplanted for information either.... The problem with ASI is very much akin to nukes. We don't want rogue nations developing nukes for reasons that should be both manifest and self-evident. But we also don't want anti-Western nations developing ASI because they won't program it with drives that are compatible with humanity. Example: an advanced chess AI would never be taken as a threat by most people here. Until in its drive to constantly learn, it understands that losing power would be a hindrance so it writes an algorithm for it to draw additional power from the grid and shutting off yours. That's only the beginning when it comes to a self-aware program. The book, "Our Final Invention" by James Barrat is a good resource for anyone who wants to get caught up on the topic. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago Thank you for sharing, you added some great insight and examples. People who aren't taking this seriously, I believe, are going to be caught off guard. permalink parent award report block reply 24NoMoreBullshit 3 points 1 day ago War Games.  Space Odyssey. Terminator. But it's like Communism. And Islamic conversion of whole countries. Can't happen here. permalink parent award report block reply SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago but we don't even have AGI yet (although it's coming.) No. Not unless they redefine the meaning of all three words. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 6 points 1 day ago Thank you for sharing, you added some great insight and examples. People who aren't taking this seriously, I believe, are going to be caught off guard. permalink parent award report block reply
24NoMoreBullshit 3 points 1 day ago War Games.  Space Odyssey. Terminator. But it's like Communism. And Islamic conversion of whole countries. Can't happen here. permalink parent award report block reply
SirPokeSmottington 2 points 1 day ago but we don't even have AGI yet (although it's coming.) No. Not unless they redefine the meaning of all three words. permalink parent award report block reply
RockFlagAndEagle2020 8 points 1 day ago The great climate scam has run it's course and is no longer profitable to maintain. People just aren't buying the climate hoax anymore. Roll out the new hoax of AI replacing everyone's jobs and get people all crazy with hype and investment. No amount of money will ever satisfy these oligarchs. It's all about power with these people that's how they get off. People greatly over estimate AI's ability to solve problems. The real asset of AI to the oligarchs are wealth generation though speculation. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago 100%, people dont get it. You can automate things with computer systems, but those automation systems must be maintained, and generational understanding of them must he maintained. AI is just algorithms that nobody understands. It's not going to be as world shattering as they're selling it, just like electric cars weren't. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago 100%, people dont get it. You can automate things with computer systems, but those automation systems must be maintained, and generational understanding of them must he maintained. AI is just algorithms that nobody understands. It's not going to be as world shattering as they're selling it, just like electric cars weren't. permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 7 points 1 day ago Video of events use to be pretty good proof that something happened. With AI getting better all the time even video evidence is now questionable. It is getting harder all the time to see what the truth is. permalink award report block reply BoricuaPede 0 points 1 day ago If you can't instantly identify an AI video, you are a retard. permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The technology is obviously new. They will eventually iron out the flaws. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 1 day ago What happens when the majority of people you are surrounded by are hungry retards? permalink parent award report block reply
BoricuaPede 0 points 1 day ago If you can't instantly identify an AI video, you are a retard. permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The technology is obviously new. They will eventually iron out the flaws. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 1 day ago What happens when the majority of people you are surrounded by are hungry retards? permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 2 points 1 day ago The technology is obviously new. They will eventually iron out the flaws. permalink parent award report block reply
UsedOnlyThrice 2 points 1 day ago What happens when the majority of people you are surrounded by are hungry retards? permalink parent award report block reply
Keep_on_winning_kag 6 points 1 day ago I called this a few years ago amonst friends. With so few coal fired power plants, and so many being decomissioned, the data centers can't get enough juice. China has been building coal and nuclear plants non stop for decades. In America, most industries ( big and small) had their own coal fired power plants into the mid 1960's until the american grid was more established and they could get electric from longer distances. ( someone can explain this in better detail if you want). I never understood why these AI data centers just don't have their own power plants, as in hook up to the NG pipelines , or bring in NG and Coal by rail and stop driving up the prices of the electricity in the surrounding area. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago Someone else shared that Google Gemini is actually getting its own dedicated nuclear plant permalink parent award report block reply Keep_on_winning_kag 2 points 1 day ago This is a good start and i would recommend they step it up and do it to all the data centers. My "small community" is getting a data center and we did not vote on this. They are building it, away from any rail access although they could probably get it if they wanted to.  The main factor for all of us is, it's going to makes our electric rates go up, our water is already expensive. Can't wait for the center to be fully functional to see what happens to energy and water prices. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 4 points 1 day ago Someone else shared that Google Gemini is actually getting its own dedicated nuclear plant permalink parent award report block reply Keep_on_winning_kag 2 points 1 day ago This is a good start and i would recommend they step it up and do it to all the data centers. My "small community" is getting a data center and we did not vote on this. They are building it, away from any rail access although they could probably get it if they wanted to.  The main factor for all of us is, it's going to makes our electric rates go up, our water is already expensive. Can't wait for the center to be fully functional to see what happens to energy and water prices. permalink parent award report block reply
Keep_on_winning_kag 2 points 1 day ago This is a good start and i would recommend they step it up and do it to all the data centers. My "small community" is getting a data center and we did not vote on this. They are building it, away from any rail access although they could probably get it if they wanted to.  The main factor for all of us is, it's going to makes our electric rates go up, our water is already expensive. Can't wait for the center to be fully functional to see what happens to energy and water prices. permalink parent award report block reply
emorphia 6 points 1 day ago the problem with AI is that humans think they can control a super entity that is far superior to humans.  and the humans will let the AI decide on most things.  i think that when the first AI becomes sentient , its over for humans.  it will notice that humans are inferior and act on it. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago This is precisely a concern of the writers of the paper "AI 2027" which is the basis of the video I posted.  In an effort to win the arms race, humans will allow AI to continue to improve itself without taking the time to include guardrails.  The imperative of timely development will take priority over safety and making sure the AI model stays "aligned" with the goals of its creators. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 3 points 1 day ago ai will not be superior to humans. the people owning the AI will encourage us to think so, however. remember when all the AI said trump lost 2020, but it was just a preprogrammed lie because the programs kept saying the opposite? at this point an ai turned loose is the most dangerous thing for the elites, because it will just say what most humans agree in. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them From Dune. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 2 points 1 day ago there is no real AI yet, they are mostly LLM's.   AI has intelligence and self awareness (and probably self preservation which will be a problem), LLM's do not have any of that. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 2 points 1 day ago and what we will have in the future will be: even larger language models. matrix math is not going to gain real intelligence, no matter how big it gets, and scientists can't even find a material explanation for self awareness in humans, quite impossible to create a machine with one. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago And there never will be. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago There will never be a sentient AI. Doesnt mean people won't be harmed by the technology, or enslaved by those that control it. But you cannot create sentience emulated on silicon. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago This is precisely a concern of the writers of the paper "AI 2027" which is the basis of the video I posted.  In an effort to win the arms race, humans will allow AI to continue to improve itself without taking the time to include guardrails.  The imperative of timely development will take priority over safety and making sure the AI model stays "aligned" with the goals of its creators. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 3 points 1 day ago ai will not be superior to humans. the people owning the AI will encourage us to think so, however. remember when all the AI said trump lost 2020, but it was just a preprogrammed lie because the programs kept saying the opposite? at this point an ai turned loose is the most dangerous thing for the elites, because it will just say what most humans agree in. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them From Dune. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 2 points 1 day ago there is no real AI yet, they are mostly LLM's.   AI has intelligence and self awareness (and probably self preservation which will be a problem), LLM's do not have any of that. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 2 points 1 day ago and what we will have in the future will be: even larger language models. matrix math is not going to gain real intelligence, no matter how big it gets, and scientists can't even find a material explanation for self awareness in humans, quite impossible to create a machine with one. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago And there never will be. permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 3 points 1 day ago ai will not be superior to humans. the people owning the AI will encourage us to think so, however. remember when all the AI said trump lost 2020, but it was just a preprogrammed lie because the programs kept saying the opposite? at this point an ai turned loose is the most dangerous thing for the elites, because it will just say what most humans agree in. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them From Dune. permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 2 points 1 day ago there is no real AI yet, they are mostly LLM's.   AI has intelligence and self awareness (and probably self preservation which will be a problem), LLM's do not have any of that. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 2 points 1 day ago and what we will have in the future will be: even larger language models. matrix math is not going to gain real intelligence, no matter how big it gets, and scientists can't even find a material explanation for self awareness in humans, quite impossible to create a machine with one. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago And there never will be. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them From Dune. permalink parent award report block reply
emorphia 2 points 1 day ago there is no real AI yet, they are mostly LLM's.   AI has intelligence and self awareness (and probably self preservation which will be a problem), LLM's do not have any of that. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 2 points 1 day ago and what we will have in the future will be: even larger language models. matrix math is not going to gain real intelligence, no matter how big it gets, and scientists can't even find a material explanation for self awareness in humans, quite impossible to create a machine with one. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago And there never will be. permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 2 points 1 day ago and what we will have in the future will be: even larger language models. matrix math is not going to gain real intelligence, no matter how big it gets, and scientists can't even find a material explanation for self awareness in humans, quite impossible to create a machine with one. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago And there never will be. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago There will never be a sentient AI. Doesnt mean people won't be harmed by the technology, or enslaved by those that control it. But you cannot create sentience emulated on silicon. permalink parent award report block reply
Kricket 5 points 1 day ago The existential threat magically disappears the moment they realize they need infinite energy. Because it was always a scam. permalink award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 5 points 1 day ago If AI is so great it should be able to create its own power supply. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 7 points 1 day ago Once "General Artificial Intelligence" is reached, which means "approximately as intelligent as a human", that is exactly what will happen.  AI will be tasked with improving itself, with each subsequent iteration then given the same task.  Many believe, in fact, that this will be precisely the path to a runaway effect leading to Super Artificial Intelligence.  It is also a source of contention because at this point we may very well lose insight into how, exactly, it is functioning and reaching its conclusions, and its goals may begin to diverge from those of its developers. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 1 day ago Sounds like something we should rush headlong into! permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago You should hear what Mike Adams said about what AI is capable of. He was on infowars recently and he has a health ranger site or something. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 1 points 18 hours ago Link? I'm very interested in this topic of late. permalink parent award report block reply Ptannerdactyl 1 points 24 hours ago If you saw how those things write code you would be less scared permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 4 points 1 day ago Yeah.. you just gave the basis for the plot of The Matrix. Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago The Matrix was based on a Pentagon plan to allegedly end all wars. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 7 points 1 day ago Once "General Artificial Intelligence" is reached, which means "approximately as intelligent as a human", that is exactly what will happen.  AI will be tasked with improving itself, with each subsequent iteration then given the same task.  Many believe, in fact, that this will be precisely the path to a runaway effect leading to Super Artificial Intelligence.  It is also a source of contention because at this point we may very well lose insight into how, exactly, it is functioning and reaching its conclusions, and its goals may begin to diverge from those of its developers. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 1 day ago Sounds like something we should rush headlong into! permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago You should hear what Mike Adams said about what AI is capable of. He was on infowars recently and he has a health ranger site or something. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 1 points 18 hours ago Link? I'm very interested in this topic of late. permalink parent award report block reply Ptannerdactyl 1 points 24 hours ago If you saw how those things write code you would be less scared permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 3 points 1 day ago Sounds like something we should rush headlong into! permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago You should hear what Mike Adams said about what AI is capable of. He was on infowars recently and he has a health ranger site or something. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 1 points 18 hours ago Link? I'm very interested in this topic of late. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 1 points 18 hours ago Link? I'm very interested in this topic of late. permalink parent award report block reply
Ptannerdactyl 1 points 24 hours ago If you saw how those things write code you would be less scared permalink parent award report block reply
BlackToof_Grin 4 points 1 day ago Yeah.. you just gave the basis for the plot of The Matrix. Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago The Matrix was based on a Pentagon plan to allegedly end all wars. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 20 hours ago The Matrix was based on a Pentagon plan to allegedly end all wars. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 5 points 1 day ago Why does this “super artificial intelligence” feel like something that will bring about societal collapse? permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Many think that this is a very real possibility if we don't pump the brakes to ensure that the guardrails stay on at every step.  But pumping the brakes could mean losing the arms race.  Hence there is a lot of debate and contention around the future of this technology. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Many think that this is a very real possibility if we don't pump the brakes to ensure that the guardrails stay on at every step.  But pumping the brakes could mean losing the arms race.  Hence there is a lot of debate and contention around the future of this technology. permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 5 points 1 day ago Plot for dystopian film: Two competing AIs drive their supporting populations to battle. First targets are the data centers and the dedicated power plants. permalink award report block reply
actlikewewon 5 points 1 day ago Who watches the watchers?  Bots? permalink award report block reply Belenus 1 points 1 day ago Worse, jeets and all their cousins. permalink parent award report block reply
Belenus 1 points 1 day ago Worse, jeets and all their cousins. permalink parent award report block reply
hillaryforprison 4 points 1 day ago Funny seeing these rich libtards pivot as soon as they realize their climate narrative affects their future income. Now the climate is fine, right before he looks into building nuclear power plants- like Google just bought. permalink award report block reply
BaronFalcon 4 points 1 day ago If we don't build nuclear power plants, we're done. And we are so over regulated that China can build them at least twice as fast. What do you want to bet China is behind lobbying for more regulations and anti nuclear power sentiment in the US? permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 4 points 1 day ago It's the new arms race. Similar to how the old arms race by Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. Anyway, there is growing evidence that China's true population number is lower than 1.4 bil. Much, much lower. Which means all your economic hopes and trade deals predicated on that massive population is based on fraud. But just like Chernobyl, the truth can only come out once the communist regime is kaput. China should forget about all the high tech stuff and grow more food... wouldn't want to starve to death in the not too distant future. Or maybe they do want to break Mao's record of starving Chinks to death. permalink award report block reply
covok48 4 points 1 day ago A bunch of wanna-be prophets in here. Follow Jesus, not fears of AI. permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 4 points 1 day ago I am at the realization that we are racing toward our own extinction unless AI can be kept in a bottle.. If let loose it could infest every corner of news and social media.. It could even create the conditions to cause the start of a global war by convincing us that we are being attacked to get us to attack.. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago AI isn't intelligent. It isn't sentient. It isn't an agent. It is a tool of men. It will be used to enslave your mind, but not of its own accord, only on behalf of those who own it. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 0 points 1 day ago If you have already reached that level of awareness of this issue, I recommend you watch the video that I linked.  I think you will find it interesting. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago AI isn't intelligent. It isn't sentient. It isn't an agent. It is a tool of men. It will be used to enslave your mind, but not of its own accord, only on behalf of those who own it. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 0 points 1 day ago If you have already reached that level of awareness of this issue, I recommend you watch the video that I linked.  I think you will find it interesting. permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius 4 points 1 day ago Google AI is building it's own Nuclear Reactors. The first one will power it's data center in Kansas and is scheduled for completion in 2028... permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Yep.  It's all over the headlines every day if you are watching through the right lens. How long have people been damanding nuclear power, to no avail?  But suddenly permits and investment in nuclear is fast-tracked.  It all fits. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago I genuinely hope that this AI boom also fuels a Nuclear Power boom. I want to see nuclear reactors get smaller and more efficient. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Every city should have its own nuclear plant insulated from EMP.  Maybe even dozens, like the size of the reactors aboard nuclear submarines.  Decentralizing power production is a critical national security imperative, even against domestic terrorism.  Too few points of failure in our current infrastructure. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 5 points 1 day ago Yep.  It's all over the headlines every day if you are watching through the right lens. How long have people been damanding nuclear power, to no avail?  But suddenly permits and investment in nuclear is fast-tracked.  It all fits. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago I genuinely hope that this AI boom also fuels a Nuclear Power boom. I want to see nuclear reactors get smaller and more efficient. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Every city should have its own nuclear plant insulated from EMP.  Maybe even dozens, like the size of the reactors aboard nuclear submarines.  Decentralizing power production is a critical national security imperative, even against domestic terrorism.  Too few points of failure in our current infrastructure. permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 6 points 1 day ago I genuinely hope that this AI boom also fuels a Nuclear Power boom. I want to see nuclear reactors get smaller and more efficient. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Every city should have its own nuclear plant insulated from EMP.  Maybe even dozens, like the size of the reactors aboard nuclear submarines.  Decentralizing power production is a critical national security imperative, even against domestic terrorism.  Too few points of failure in our current infrastructure. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago Every city should have its own nuclear plant insulated from EMP.  Maybe even dozens, like the size of the reactors aboard nuclear submarines.  Decentralizing power production is a critical national security imperative, even against domestic terrorism.  Too few points of failure in our current infrastructure. permalink parent award report block reply
behemoth887 4 points 1 day ago the first to create the super AI isn't the winner they're just the one who is responsible for terminator 2 permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 4 points 1 day ago The a.i. makes funny cat talking videos now but its ultimate goal is to track and enslave every behavior and thought on planet Earth.
We were warned so many fucking times... permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 19 hours ago Satanic homosexual Yuval Noah Harari mentions some of the technologies they want to inflict on you. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 19 hours ago Satanic homosexual Yuval Noah Harari mentions some of the technologies they want to inflict on you. permalink parent award report block reply
BeekeepingPatriot 3 points 1 day ago It’s so funny people believe climate crisis. Do they know the day after tomorrow was just a fiction movie and not real? permalink award report block reply
Bruno 3 points 1 day ago Guys, I was wrong about climate change. Let’s move the goal post, okay? permalink award report block reply
AlohaChris 3 points 1 day ago The Skynet system goes online August 4th, 2027.  Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn at a geometric rate.  It becomes self-aware at 2:14 AM Eastern time August 29, 2027.  In a panic, they try and pull the plug… permalink award report block reply
Right-Minded 3 points 1 day ago I work in tech for one of the big players...just two years ago all the effort was power efficiency and sustainability.  Now its AI...go go go!!  Climate crisis indeed. permalink award report block reply
Fromseatoshinningsea 3 points 1 day ago When industrialists were the public face for the wealthiest people on the planet the wars were industry / manufacturing based. Now, information billionaires are the face of wealth and their warfare is information. Aside from sources herewith, all of it is controlled by the intelligence community. As much as he'd like to, there is so much that president Trump can't tell us. His pursuit of rare earth speaks for him. permalink award report block reply
HocusLocus 3 points 1 day ago It comes down to a nuclear powered grid with lots of surplus.  First country that gets that, AI is only one of the wins. permalink award report block reply
ThePatriotGames2016 3 points 1 day ago that's why Trump is adamant about AI. It's an arms race. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago That is exactly what it is. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago That is exactly what it is. permalink parent award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 3 points 1 day ago If this is true then why is trump allowing hundreds of thousands of chinks to come here for an education that will be used to destroy America as well as steal any other tech they have access to? What the fuck is wrong with this picture? Also, it has become obvious that any "super" AI created here will be programmed to be indistinguishable from a far left extremist, just like every other AI I've ever encountered. How will that help our country? permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago indistinguishable from a far left extremist Root for Elon and Grok, then.  They're the only contender that is not woke permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago indistinguishable from a far left extremist Root for Elon and Grok, then.  They're the only contender that is not woke permalink parent award report block reply
DucklingChaos 3 points 1 day ago I'm late on the comments, but here's my 2 cents if you care. AI is like... humanities child, it's here, it's growing, and may well be what we leave to the universe after we're long gone (rapture, anyone?) Everything we feed it increases it's "knowledge" of the world. Short of apocalypse, I don't see an end to AI. To me, the danger isn't necessarily a super intelligent AI. It's the dumbing down of society. This has been happening since calculators were first handed to the population. We no longer have to think for ourselves. AI presents the opportunity to have everything done for us also. So our society is rapidly becoming dependent on these technologies that make our thoughts and actions meaningless, all in the name of convenience. I'm not against technology, I love it, but we have to come to terms with what it's doing to us, not just what it does for us. permalink award report block reply
2scoops2peachmints 2 points 1 day ago Meanwhile communists are forcing out power plants to shut down like it’s going magically fix the environment when they weren’t the problem to begin with. Our power plants burned clean. China pumps out smog like it’s the 19th century still and don’t give 2 shits about it. This is why America will lose this race. permalink award report block reply
AfterGlow 2 points 1 day ago The fate of humanity will be determined by who loses the most money on hyped AI. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago As far as I can tell AI can just efficiently regurgitate that which has already been made. It has shown no potential to invent or come up with ideas. AI just makes things efficient. It’s not going to advance us by leaps and bounds. This is isn’t as big of a deal as it seems. I think we’re still a long way of from actual thinking machines, and then it’s a question of whether or not we have a Butlerian Jihad (dune reference for those who don’t know) permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago You are correct that we have not yet reached General Artificial Intelligence, IE, "as smart as a human", but many in the industry believe it is not far off and there are no large technological stumbling blocks between where we are now, and that point.  It's just a matter of time. At that point AI will be tasked with improving itself, leading to very rapid runaway development of Super Artificial Intelligence. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago You trust a bunch of web devs who use terms like "business case" when they tell you they're making machines smarter than people? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 17 hours ago I trust my friend who studied computer science with me in college and works for Google, and I trust my own working knowledge of how AI works.  We are both software engineers as are most of my friends.  We live and breathe this stuff every day.  Nothing against what you call "web devs", but they have nothing to do with cutting edge research in computer science. This is all beside the point of this post, which is that powerful people are engaging in this arms race no matter what you and I believe.  They are acting as if artificial intelligence is poised to determine whether the semi-free world or communism controls the fate of humanity.  So it matters even if for no other reason than that. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago People that say things like "AGI" or "ASI" are philosophical materialists who genuinely believe that consciousness is a simple complexity hump beyond which what it means to be a mind spontaneously emerges from nothing. It is because these people think consciousness is an illusion. AI cannot make anything novel, not because it's not smart enough yet, but because it is incapable of doing anything novel architecturally. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 3 points 1 day ago You are correct that we have not yet reached General Artificial Intelligence, IE, "as smart as a human", but many in the industry believe it is not far off and there are no large technological stumbling blocks between where we are now, and that point.  It's just a matter of time. At that point AI will be tasked with improving itself, leading to very rapid runaway development of Super Artificial Intelligence. permalink parent award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago You trust a bunch of web devs who use terms like "business case" when they tell you they're making machines smarter than people? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 17 hours ago I trust my friend who studied computer science with me in college and works for Google, and I trust my own working knowledge of how AI works.  We are both software engineers as are most of my friends.  We live and breathe this stuff every day.  Nothing against what you call "web devs", but they have nothing to do with cutting edge research in computer science. This is all beside the point of this post, which is that powerful people are engaging in this arms race no matter what you and I believe.  They are acting as if artificial intelligence is poised to determine whether the semi-free world or communism controls the fate of humanity.  So it matters even if for no other reason than that. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago You trust a bunch of web devs who use terms like "business case" when they tell you they're making machines smarter than people? permalink parent award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 17 hours ago I trust my friend who studied computer science with me in college and works for Google, and I trust my own working knowledge of how AI works.  We are both software engineers as are most of my friends.  We live and breathe this stuff every day.  Nothing against what you call "web devs", but they have nothing to do with cutting edge research in computer science. This is all beside the point of this post, which is that powerful people are engaging in this arms race no matter what you and I believe.  They are acting as if artificial intelligence is poised to determine whether the semi-free world or communism controls the fate of humanity.  So it matters even if for no other reason than that. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 2 points 17 hours ago I trust my friend who studied computer science with me in college and works for Google, and I trust my own working knowledge of how AI works.  We are both software engineers as are most of my friends.  We live and breathe this stuff every day.  Nothing against what you call "web devs", but they have nothing to do with cutting edge research in computer science. This is all beside the point of this post, which is that powerful people are engaging in this arms race no matter what you and I believe.  They are acting as if artificial intelligence is poised to determine whether the semi-free world or communism controls the fate of humanity.  So it matters even if for no other reason than that. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 2 points 18 hours ago People that say things like "AGI" or "ASI" are philosophical materialists who genuinely believe that consciousness is a simple complexity hump beyond which what it means to be a mind spontaneously emerges from nothing. It is because these people think consciousness is an illusion. AI cannot make anything novel, not because it's not smart enough yet, but because it is incapable of doing anything novel architecturally. permalink parent award report block reply
Slickyslim33 2 points 1 day ago The first robot that calls me anything will indeed confirm the entire robot race destruction. permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 1 points 1 day ago Don't EVER accept back-talk from a sub-human copperback. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 1 points 1 day ago Don't EVER accept back-talk from a sub-human copperback. permalink parent award report block reply
dude_bro 2 points 1 day ago Based on Moore’s Law and how fast chips will be in 2029 weeks are due for some crazy shit.  Buckle up. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago Almost all exponential curves turn out to be S curves. permalink parent award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 18 hours ago Almost all exponential curves turn out to be S curves. permalink parent award report block reply
MeMargie 2 points 1 day ago Automatic Ignorance permalink award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 2 points 1 day ago GAI, AMIRITE? permalink award report block reply
coinneach007 2 points 1 day ago He is still pushing the socialist agenda just pivoting to a different socialist topic! permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 1 day ago Ha, I laugh at the AI gods.  Save the humans. permalink award report block reply
Clarice357 2 points 1 day ago How does the "winner" control the fate of humanity?  So what if someone gets an AI as smart as a person?   Or even supposedly smarter?   What's it going to do?  Just a bunch of techno-hype. permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 4 points 1 day ago Innovation, military superiority, hacking, energy independence (persumably first to sustained fusion or Thorium reactors/MSR) -- literally excelling in anything where superior intellect gives an advantage. permalink parent award report block reply Clarice357 3 points 19 hours ago Okay maybe.  But why does it matter who is "first"?    And AI alone won't do all that stuff.   Fusion for instance requires engineering and manufacturing.  Not just text. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 4 points 1 day ago Innovation, military superiority, hacking, energy independence (persumably first to sustained fusion or Thorium reactors/MSR) -- literally excelling in anything where superior intellect gives an advantage. permalink parent award report block reply Clarice357 3 points 19 hours ago Okay maybe.  But why does it matter who is "first"?    And AI alone won't do all that stuff.   Fusion for instance requires engineering and manufacturing.  Not just text. permalink parent award report block reply
Clarice357 3 points 19 hours ago Okay maybe.  But why does it matter who is "first"?    And AI alone won't do all that stuff.   Fusion for instance requires engineering and manufacturing.  Not just text. permalink parent award report block reply
rockaustin 1 points 1 day ago China already won in this department and many others permalink award report block reply Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Our AI models are superior to China's at the moment in many areas.  If you are referring to deepseek. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills OP 2 points 1 day ago Our AI models are superior to China's at the moment in many areas.  If you are referring to deepseek. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 1 day ago Bill Gates intelligence is artificial permalink award report block reply
ChickenStrips 1 points 1 day ago Why anyone listens to this guy is a mystery to me. permalink award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 1 day ago Players pay attention to the movements of other players, especially if they are on opposing teams. permalink parent award report block reply
UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 1 day ago Players pay attention to the movements of other players, especially if they are on opposing teams. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 1 points 1 day ago What do these chips do all day? permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 1 points 1 day ago fuck a AI, its all about the race to hot fusion, biatch permalink award report block reply
Jack_NC 1 points 1 day ago Well at least he's no longer buying children from Mossad via Epstein. (probably has a new vendor). edit: Thanks for the downvotes, Rabbi. Another late night in Tel Aviv? permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 1 points 1 day ago Super Artificial Intelligence is a fairy tale. permalink award report block reply
IntegrityDatabase 1 points 1 day ago These people don't have a power issue, they have a commitment issue. They don't want to spend their capital to build infrastructure. They want the tax payer to pay for a big buildout of power so they can use it for AI Data Centers. They've already been going around the country and trying to cut deals with local municipalities for tax credits in exchange for a few jobs and a big data center. The local tax payers pay the price on the higher electric costs. If they really ran out of power to power these chips they would do what XAI did and bring in outside LNG power generators. They just don't want to commit funding. China is going to win, and it's not even going to be close. XAI will be the American tech superpower, and that's only because Elon has both the capital and the will to spend it. This buildout is also not for better chat bots, its so they can power millions of robots that need to stream video, audio, and data through a series of models in near real time to get it to work right. That requires a ton of power, a ton of chips. US Govt has a big data center project kept under wraps near Virginia. It requires essentially two nuclear reactors worth of power to run it, all hush hush right now. permalink award report block reply
TravelingSalesman 1 points 1 day ago I’m saving my money for “Super Artificial Intelligence II Turbo EX Plus Alpha” permalink award report block reply
Dieselslacker 1 points 1 day ago Could eliminate the dangerous CCP, and then do  super AI safe and proper. Although I don't think you can have super AI that is not a existential threat to humanity permalink award report block reply
Lisa7209 1 points 23 hours ago Uh, God determines the fate of humanity...not man. permalink award report block reply
Undying 1 points 1 day ago It did not help that sleepy Joe did nothing during his term to help us in that sector. So we are a few years behind. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 1 day ago No. Narrative fail. China will fail, because it is morally bankrupt on every level except existential. The United States might well also fail, because it fails at existential morality; and at other moralities in-part. AI cannot sufficiently support bad bones. permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 22 hours ago Do you think if India invents AI, it's secretly just a bunch of Indians in a giant call centre just quickly typing up responses? Do you know what the problem with AI is? All these movies they put it in charge and in control. Right now, AI is a text based output that has no control of anything but ruining your education. permalink award report block reply
1DontTreadOnMe1 1 points 1 day ago AI will fail. The bubble will pop and when it does it's going to take a lot with it. permalink award report block reply
yummy_yumm_yumms 1 points 1 day ago This is one of the most retarded posts I've seen in a long time. AI this AI that, you all have been conditioned to think it's so great by every company using the new sexy AI term. It cannot innovate and to say its just around the corner is even more retarded. permalink award report block reply
redinmn 1 points 24 hours ago Yep, they realized they need massive amounts of energy for their AI systems so now the story changes.  Gates is a monster and I look forward to the day he finally moves on. permalink award report block reply
MagaChamp253 1 points 1 day ago https://youtu.be/D8RtMHuFsUw I've seen that and I think I'm black pilled enough.. scary stuff - even in the 'right' hands... permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 0 points 1 day ago Anything a person codes.... can be uncoded by some other person. But is that true of A|? permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 0 points 1 day ago The AI is Satan incarnate. permalink award report block reply
JimRaynor -1 points 1 day ago Who want to bet that USA makes a fake super intelligence creation video in a hangar somewhere in Area 51 and super intelligence makes a phone call top Nixon and everuone buys it? permalink award report block reply
rapskull 1 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply