475 ICE please make a program where I can donate money to ‘sponsor’ a deportee so I donate $100 or whatever and I get a little rap sheet of who *I* deported that I can HANG ON MY FRIDGE with their stats and records and stuff 💩   SHITPOST   💩 posted 2 days ago by blue5707 13 comments award share report block Conan, Esq @conan_esq • 3d ICE please make a program where I can donate money to ‘sponsor’ a deportee so I donate $100 or whatever and I get a little rap sheet of who *I* deported that I can hang on my fridge with their stats and records and stuff
13 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style schism 16 points 2 days ago Why did you put a shitpost flair on this, pede?  Think about it, ICE could make it a tiered program.  Like you could have categories with different sponsorship levels - i.e. pedo, murderer, drug trafficker, social benefits fraudster, CDL abuser, on down to a rando "just for the fun of it" sponsorship... And for an extra 20 you get it in one of those keepsake frames. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 3 points 2 days ago YEAH and with the current ICE social media team I bet they would do it. Extra credit if they start the ad out with the tatood gang members looking sad while "Arms of The Angels"  plays..... permalink parent award report block reply FreedomLubber 10 points 2 days ago I have a friend that works in one of the local jails. They deported a guy for the seventh time last month. He asked the jailers,  do you want anything? I’ll be back in a week or so he told them. He showed back up with box of Cuban cigars that they requested. And he was reported to ice for a more permanent solution. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 9 points 2 days ago "José Hernandez
Age 24
Deported 8 times
Utilized $25,000 in fraudulently obtained welfare Arrested and charged on 6 counts:
2 seperate incidents of car jacking constituting 2 theft of a motor vehicle and 2 robbery with a deadly weapon charges
2 additional and seperate incidents of theft of motor vehicle for stealing parked cars White" permalink award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 4 points 2 days ago Hell yes.  I want to receive the 'Stephen Miller Award' during the annual ICE Gala and Deportation Festival.  The award shall be granted annually to the US Citizen whose reports lead to the largest number of deported abuelas, pregnant women, mothers with newborns, and other deportation force multipliers. Enough with this worst of the worst shit!  Let's get after the breeders, that's how we start putting a dent in this thing. permalink award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 3 points 2 days ago No, please don't do this! I'd be broke indefinitely. permalink award report block reply worldowedexplanation 3 points 2 days ago I vote they just let people shoot them instead permalink award report block reply Your-personal-FBI 3 points 2 days ago Mug shot? permalink award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 2 days ago If they really did this and it got an illegal out of the country I'd kick in my hundred bucks... permalink award report block reply Assault-Covfefe 2 points 2 days ago During Trump 1.0 my buddy and I came up with the idea that Trump should have done that fundraising thing where you donate X dollars and get a personalized brick in a wall or sidewalk.  And the more money you gave, the bigger your piece/block would be.  I said that I'd donate enough to have my own tower/sniper's nest. permalink award report block reply dres3 1 points 2 days ago So we take this idea and stick it on leftie shops.. permalink award report block reply TeeRoyAL 1 points 2 days ago I'd do it, frame it on the wall and pass it down for generations to come permalink award report block reply Mintap 1 points 2 days ago Send a kid back to see their abuela. permalink award report block reply
schism 16 points 2 days ago Why did you put a shitpost flair on this, pede?  Think about it, ICE could make it a tiered program.  Like you could have categories with different sponsorship levels - i.e. pedo, murderer, drug trafficker, social benefits fraudster, CDL abuser, on down to a rando "just for the fun of it" sponsorship... And for an extra 20 you get it in one of those keepsake frames. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 3 points 2 days ago YEAH and with the current ICE social media team I bet they would do it. Extra credit if they start the ad out with the tatood gang members looking sad while "Arms of The Angels"  plays..... permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 3 points 2 days ago YEAH and with the current ICE social media team I bet they would do it. Extra credit if they start the ad out with the tatood gang members looking sad while "Arms of The Angels"  plays..... permalink parent award report block reply
FreedomLubber 10 points 2 days ago I have a friend that works in one of the local jails. They deported a guy for the seventh time last month. He asked the jailers,  do you want anything? I’ll be back in a week or so he told them. He showed back up with box of Cuban cigars that they requested. And he was reported to ice for a more permanent solution. permalink award report block reply
Dangerous 9 points 2 days ago "José Hernandez
Age 24
Deported 8 times
Utilized $25,000 in fraudulently obtained welfare Arrested and charged on 6 counts:
2 seperate incidents of car jacking constituting 2 theft of a motor vehicle and 2 robbery with a deadly weapon charges
2 additional and seperate incidents of theft of motor vehicle for stealing parked cars White" permalink award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs 4 points 2 days ago Hell yes.  I want to receive the 'Stephen Miller Award' during the annual ICE Gala and Deportation Festival.  The award shall be granted annually to the US Citizen whose reports lead to the largest number of deported abuelas, pregnant women, mothers with newborns, and other deportation force multipliers. Enough with this worst of the worst shit!  Let's get after the breeders, that's how we start putting a dent in this thing. permalink award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 3 points 2 days ago No, please don't do this! I'd be broke indefinitely. permalink award report block reply
worldowedexplanation 3 points 2 days ago I vote they just let people shoot them instead permalink award report block reply
Your-personal-FBI 3 points 2 days ago Mug shot? permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 2 points 2 days ago If they really did this and it got an illegal out of the country I'd kick in my hundred bucks... permalink award report block reply
Assault-Covfefe 2 points 2 days ago During Trump 1.0 my buddy and I came up with the idea that Trump should have done that fundraising thing where you donate X dollars and get a personalized brick in a wall or sidewalk.  And the more money you gave, the bigger your piece/block would be.  I said that I'd donate enough to have my own tower/sniper's nest. permalink award report block reply
dres3 1 points 2 days ago So we take this idea and stick it on leftie shops.. permalink award report block reply
TeeRoyAL 1 points 2 days ago I'd do it, frame it on the wall and pass it down for generations to come permalink award report block reply
Mintap 1 points 2 days ago Send a kid back to see their abuela. permalink award report block reply