240 Explosive 'Clinton Corruption Files' Unveiled: Bondi and Patel Drop Bombshell Evidence of Pay-to-Play Schemes! posted 11 hours ago by Matehmateh 29 comments award share report block Benny Johnson @bennyjohnson • 1d BREAKING: AG Pam Bondi and FBI Director Kash Patel have reportedly submitted documents to Congress revealing the Clinton Foundation took donations from foreign and domestic sources seeking influence. “Officials told Just the News that the documents were transmitted to the Senate
29 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web One Piece Kills All Parasites in Your Body! Paratoxil loooooof 11 points 11 hours ago 14 more days! permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 11 hours ago probably none of these are crimes, same playbook they used against trump permalink parent award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 3 points 9 hours ago Two weeks! permalink parent award report block reply EvJohn 2 points 9 hours ago Charles Ortel has been yelling this from the rooftops for 14 years.  To deaf ears. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 6 hours ago Yesterday is better. But as long as I see her jailed in my lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 8 points 11 hours ago BREAKING EXPLOSIVE BOMBSHELL SLAMMED!!!🚨 permalink award report block reply Lordfred1993 8 points 11 hours ago Yawn... permalink award report block reply JerryNadlerBeltFund 4 points 10 hours ago What happened? Did these investigators read Clinton Cash, from 12 years ago, and realize that the Clintons were corrupt?  What a "breaking bombshell!"   It's Happening!!! So Kash arrested them right away, right?   What?  He didn't?   Oh. . .  he handed some info to Congress. . . wake me up when those dusty old farts are in jumpsuits and chains. permalink parent award report block reply BrokenWolf2022 5 points 10 hours ago Ah, so the "drain the swamp without arresting anyone" plan moves forward another half step. permalink award report block reply Spinedoc 4 points 10 hours ago ARREST SOMEONE! Looks like we’re all being played. I listened to Kash for 4 years on how they were all criminals and needed to be in jail. NOW WITH POWER NOTHING permalink award report block reply Pissonit 4 points 10 hours ago 🔥🔥🔥Bombshell, Breaking, Hot off the Presses🔥🔥🔥......In just Two More Weeks!!! permalink award report block reply SpeekFreely 4 points 11 hours ago Redirection away from the FBI concealing the J6 pipe bomber permalink award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 4 points 11 hours ago So useful now that the statute of limitations has expired. I don't think it will even be useful to drive her into hiding. She has no shame. permalink award report block reply 19American62Woman 3 points 10 hours ago Whenever it says explosive, bombshell, breaking, etc. it’s nap time🥱😴 permalink award report block reply PenguinOfDoom 3 points 9 hours ago WHY THE FUCK is it that crimes by the likes of the Clintons, etc. are "handed off" to the Senate Judiciary Committee? Why can't the FBI and DOJ investigate and arrest these assholes without the Senate playing gatekeeper? I guess the Senate must have greater investigative and prosecutorial capabilities than the FBI and DOJ. We're being scammed. permalink award report block reply Justjayce 3 points 10 hours ago Nothing will be done permalink award report block reply friarfox 2 points 10 hours ago Odd they are not dressed in orange suits. Maybe a strongly worded letter in two weeks. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 8 hours ago Has anyone told Bondi that she has the power to arrest people? permalink award report block reply T471 2 points 10 hours ago while simultaneously not blocking the very thing they were doing. What a fucking joke. permalink award report block reply Sivispacem 2 points 10 hours ago All I have to do is see Benny's face and know that whatever he is about to say will amount to nothing. permalink award report block reply MAPatriot1966 1 points 10 hours ago 2 weeks…business days only…excluding federal holidays…add a day for leap year…. permalink award report block reply TheDevilMonkey 1 points 6 hours ago Ghey permalink award report block reply cosmos411 1 points 6 hours ago It doesn't mean shit if the people involved aren't punished for their actions. If anything it's worse to catch them and do nothing because that shows you're aware of the crimes but don't care enough to do anything about it. permalink award report block reply airborne3502 1 points 11 hours ago Hopefully, paving away for indictments. Softening up the target before the main assault. permalink award report block reply Chad_Prime 1 points 7 hours ago I love hearing about all of the BOMBSHELLS associated with all of the hyper corrupted criminals in DC who won't see a day in jail! How about you? permalink award report block reply 62jawbill 1 points 7 hours ago DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!ARREST SOMEONE. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 1 points 3 hours ago No shit, really?  When Clinton was Secretary of State and then prepping for her run for president they would host fund raisers for the Clinton Initiative during the UN General Assembly.  It was a shakedown. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald -2 points 11 hours ago What?  No jewish or Qatar or Putin or Kirk or Sweeney or Tucker or Epstein twist to this story.   Or Bondi bad or Trump not MAGA. Come on.  Send Candace something juicy permalink award report block reply
loooooof 11 points 11 hours ago 14 more days! permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 11 hours ago probably none of these are crimes, same playbook they used against trump permalink parent award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 3 points 9 hours ago Two weeks! permalink parent award report block reply EvJohn 2 points 9 hours ago Charles Ortel has been yelling this from the rooftops for 14 years.  To deaf ears. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 6 hours ago Yesterday is better. But as long as I see her jailed in my lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 3 points 11 hours ago probably none of these are crimes, same playbook they used against trump permalink parent award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 3 points 9 hours ago Two weeks! permalink parent award report block reply
EvJohn 2 points 9 hours ago Charles Ortel has been yelling this from the rooftops for 14 years.  To deaf ears. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 6 hours ago Yesterday is better. But as long as I see her jailed in my lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 8 points 11 hours ago BREAKING EXPLOSIVE BOMBSHELL SLAMMED!!!🚨 permalink award report block reply
Lordfred1993 8 points 11 hours ago Yawn... permalink award report block reply JerryNadlerBeltFund 4 points 10 hours ago What happened? Did these investigators read Clinton Cash, from 12 years ago, and realize that the Clintons were corrupt?  What a "breaking bombshell!"   It's Happening!!! So Kash arrested them right away, right?   What?  He didn't?   Oh. . .  he handed some info to Congress. . . wake me up when those dusty old farts are in jumpsuits and chains. permalink parent award report block reply
JerryNadlerBeltFund 4 points 10 hours ago What happened? Did these investigators read Clinton Cash, from 12 years ago, and realize that the Clintons were corrupt?  What a "breaking bombshell!"   It's Happening!!! So Kash arrested them right away, right?   What?  He didn't?   Oh. . .  he handed some info to Congress. . . wake me up when those dusty old farts are in jumpsuits and chains. permalink parent award report block reply
BrokenWolf2022 5 points 10 hours ago Ah, so the "drain the swamp without arresting anyone" plan moves forward another half step. permalink award report block reply
Spinedoc 4 points 10 hours ago ARREST SOMEONE! Looks like we’re all being played. I listened to Kash for 4 years on how they were all criminals and needed to be in jail. NOW WITH POWER NOTHING permalink award report block reply
Pissonit 4 points 10 hours ago 🔥🔥🔥Bombshell, Breaking, Hot off the Presses🔥🔥🔥......In just Two More Weeks!!! permalink award report block reply
SpeekFreely 4 points 11 hours ago Redirection away from the FBI concealing the J6 pipe bomber permalink award report block reply
SisterCovfefeToo 4 points 11 hours ago So useful now that the statute of limitations has expired. I don't think it will even be useful to drive her into hiding. She has no shame. permalink award report block reply
19American62Woman 3 points 10 hours ago Whenever it says explosive, bombshell, breaking, etc. it’s nap time🥱😴 permalink award report block reply
PenguinOfDoom 3 points 9 hours ago WHY THE FUCK is it that crimes by the likes of the Clintons, etc. are "handed off" to the Senate Judiciary Committee? Why can't the FBI and DOJ investigate and arrest these assholes without the Senate playing gatekeeper? I guess the Senate must have greater investigative and prosecutorial capabilities than the FBI and DOJ. We're being scammed. permalink award report block reply
Justjayce 3 points 10 hours ago Nothing will be done permalink award report block reply
friarfox 2 points 10 hours ago Odd they are not dressed in orange suits. Maybe a strongly worded letter in two weeks. permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 8 hours ago Has anyone told Bondi that she has the power to arrest people? permalink award report block reply
T471 2 points 10 hours ago while simultaneously not blocking the very thing they were doing. What a fucking joke. permalink award report block reply
Sivispacem 2 points 10 hours ago All I have to do is see Benny's face and know that whatever he is about to say will amount to nothing. permalink award report block reply
MAPatriot1966 1 points 10 hours ago 2 weeks…business days only…excluding federal holidays…add a day for leap year…. permalink award report block reply
TheDevilMonkey 1 points 6 hours ago Ghey permalink award report block reply
cosmos411 1 points 6 hours ago It doesn't mean shit if the people involved aren't punished for their actions. If anything it's worse to catch them and do nothing because that shows you're aware of the crimes but don't care enough to do anything about it. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 1 points 11 hours ago Hopefully, paving away for indictments. Softening up the target before the main assault. permalink award report block reply
Chad_Prime 1 points 7 hours ago I love hearing about all of the BOMBSHELLS associated with all of the hyper corrupted criminals in DC who won't see a day in jail! How about you? permalink award report block reply
62jawbill 1 points 7 hours ago DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!ARREST SOMEONE. permalink award report block reply
Induceddrag 1 points 3 hours ago No shit, really?  When Clinton was Secretary of State and then prepping for her run for president they would host fund raisers for the Clinton Initiative during the UN General Assembly.  It was a shakedown. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald -2 points 11 hours ago What?  No jewish or Qatar or Putin or Kirk or Sweeney or Tucker or Epstein twist to this story.   Or Bondi bad or Trump not MAGA. Come on.  Send Candace something juicy permalink award report block reply