28 US Troops Train For Jungle Warfare In Panama, First Time In Decades (www.zerohedge.com) posted 14 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 3 comments award share report block US Troops Train For Jungle Warfare In Panama, First Time In Decades ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
3 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style MasterChief08 2 points 14 hours ago They should be trained for Democrat judges' courthouses. permalink award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 14 hours ago Glad to see they're bringing back the Jungle Operations Training Center. It says the soldiers are training at Fort Sherman Panama, but from what I've seen on the internet lately that place looks rough. Most likely they're staying in tents. I don't think that barracks is even habitable anymore. permalink award report block reply BrokenWolf2022 1 points 12 hours ago Still, that was by far the coolest patch available in the Army. I remember some of the nightmare stories from senior NCOs when I was a baby Private. I know more about poisonous crap I'll never encounter from them. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 2 points 14 hours ago They should be trained for Democrat judges' courthouses. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 2 points 14 hours ago Glad to see they're bringing back the Jungle Operations Training Center. It says the soldiers are training at Fort Sherman Panama, but from what I've seen on the internet lately that place looks rough. Most likely they're staying in tents. I don't think that barracks is even habitable anymore. permalink award report block reply BrokenWolf2022 1 points 12 hours ago Still, that was by far the coolest patch available in the Army. I remember some of the nightmare stories from senior NCOs when I was a baby Private. I know more about poisonous crap I'll never encounter from them. permalink parent award report block reply
BrokenWolf2022 1 points 12 hours ago Still, that was by far the coolest patch available in the Army. I remember some of the nightmare stories from senior NCOs when I was a baby Private. I know more about poisonous crap I'll never encounter from them. permalink parent award report block reply