29 Reddit is such a shithole posted 8 hours ago by OGPede2112 8 comments award share download report block
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save SummTingWong 3 points 8 hours ago I won't be repeating this.  My wife and I have sold our engagement rings to buy whistles and whistle training.  I was a cheesemaker! permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 2 points 8 hours ago I was thinking of buying some whistle vending machines and setting them up on college campuses and other places liberals congregate. Im gonna be rich! Maybe we can work together. permalink parent award report block reply Batdon 1 points 8 hours ago The post is in English. How clueless are these people? permalink award report block reply Wyatt_T_Rash 1 points 7 hours ago Cool story, shitwhistle. permalink award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 8 hours ago get your whistle! The rapists, drug dealers and murderers NEEP OUR HELP! GFY reddit permalink award report block reply Username_here 1 points 7 hours ago Here is what you need to understand about these people. They don't actually care about illegals being rounded up. They care that they make others think they care. Everything they do is to try and gain higher status in their leftist peer groups. If there was no social media, none of these people would care. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 8 hours ago I’m helping! Oh yeah? How so? I show up and blow my whistle with a bunch of other retards to fight ICE when they detain illegals. smug smile Oh, does that stop them from being detained? No. But I got to blow something and I felt better. Retards. permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 7 hours ago Yes they do the gay whistle thing. But in this case “whistle” means gun. So they are telling people to arm up, if not actually incite them to go and shoot ICE agents. permalink parent award report block reply
SummTingWong 3 points 8 hours ago I won't be repeating this.  My wife and I have sold our engagement rings to buy whistles and whistle training.  I was a cheesemaker! permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 2 points 8 hours ago I was thinking of buying some whistle vending machines and setting them up on college campuses and other places liberals congregate. Im gonna be rich! Maybe we can work together. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 2 points 8 hours ago I was thinking of buying some whistle vending machines and setting them up on college campuses and other places liberals congregate. Im gonna be rich! Maybe we can work together. permalink parent award report block reply
Batdon 1 points 8 hours ago The post is in English. How clueless are these people? permalink award report block reply
Wyatt_T_Rash 1 points 7 hours ago Cool story, shitwhistle. permalink award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 1 points 8 hours ago get your whistle! The rapists, drug dealers and murderers NEEP OUR HELP! GFY reddit permalink award report block reply
Username_here 1 points 7 hours ago Here is what you need to understand about these people. They don't actually care about illegals being rounded up. They care that they make others think they care. Everything they do is to try and gain higher status in their leftist peer groups. If there was no social media, none of these people would care. permalink award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 1 points 8 hours ago I’m helping! Oh yeah? How so? I show up and blow my whistle with a bunch of other retards to fight ICE when they detain illegals. smug smile Oh, does that stop them from being detained? No. But I got to blow something and I felt better. Retards. permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 7 hours ago Yes they do the gay whistle thing. But in this case “whistle” means gun. So they are telling people to arm up, if not actually incite them to go and shoot ICE agents. permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 2 points 7 hours ago Yes they do the gay whistle thing. But in this case “whistle” means gun. So they are telling people to arm up, if not actually incite them to go and shoot ICE agents. permalink parent award report block reply