449 Can you say ELECTION FRAUD ❓ posted 6 days ago by grannylovestrump 15 comments award share report block Sidney Powell 🇺🇸 Attorney, Author, Gladiator @SidneyPowell1 • 7d Can you say ELECTION FRAUD ❓ Liz Harrington @realLizUSA • 7d Democrats have never been more unpopular. Yet, magically, they are still able to flip districts Trump won just 1 year ago and run CIA agents who win by 15 points. It’s a mystery!
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save canadianhere 10 points 6 days ago There is a big difference between favourability and voting. Lots of people hate the uniparty, but are still going to vote for one or the other. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 2 points 6 days ago Yes. We are all waiting for a hero to rise and remove the criminals. permalink parent award report block reply DoMagnum 1 points 6 days ago Another way of saying they're retarded. Only1 side appears to be fighting the uniparty, while 1 side denies it exists. permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 8 points 6 days ago Also a 22% increase in turnout in NJ vs the last gubernatorial election.  Which, also had the highest turnout ever at the time. permalink award report block reply Odyssey 4 points 6 days ago Time after time we have been saying to Trump that we deserve to lose if he doesn't go after election workers who rigged the previous elections. Does Trump realise how much experience they have gained in committing voter fraud in the past 5 years? permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 4 points 6 days ago Time to get the DOGE guys, the military or NSA intel tech guys and Omega4America to audit every election including primaries and funding. permalink award report block reply Darkpoisonousshaddow 3 points 6 days ago I thought Trump was going to blow the whole voter fraud shit to pieces? permalink award report block reply ceva 1 points 6 days ago I think we proved looooooong ago that these approval polls are terrible predictions for election results. Remember when the polls showed Hillary at a 98% chance of winning? permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 1 points 6 days ago You're not reading the room. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 6 days ago https://x.com/SidneyPowell1/status/1986287215232831907 permalink award report block reply Chancho69 1 points 6 days ago There is clear and blatant cheating in every election. Fix it or we’re fucked. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 1 points 6 days ago I can say kraken smellz permalink award report block reply WeHappyDeplorable 1 points 6 days ago Hey, it's kraken lady who didn't do anything but twitter! permalink award report block reply Dev404 1 points 6 days ago Maricopa. Audit. That's where there is court admissible evidence of election fraud. Until evidence that's on par with Maricopa's audit is presented to a court, every case will be thrown out. Again. You can argue logic and statistical impossibilities all you like, but a judge doesn't give a damn about theories UNTIL evidence, like a full forensic audit, is presented first and then you can present your theory, afterwards. It is up to the ACCUSER to present evidence, NOT the accused. It's only the ACCUSED when it's a feminist accusing a man of something he allegedly did, because feminism is ass-backwards and a marxist tool to destroy a functioning civiliation. permalink award report block reply
canadianhere 10 points 6 days ago There is a big difference between favourability and voting. Lots of people hate the uniparty, but are still going to vote for one or the other. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 2 points 6 days ago Yes. We are all waiting for a hero to rise and remove the criminals. permalink parent award report block reply DoMagnum 1 points 6 days ago Another way of saying they're retarded. Only1 side appears to be fighting the uniparty, while 1 side denies it exists. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 2 points 6 days ago Yes. We are all waiting for a hero to rise and remove the criminals. permalink parent award report block reply
DoMagnum 1 points 6 days ago Another way of saying they're retarded. Only1 side appears to be fighting the uniparty, while 1 side denies it exists. permalink parent award report block reply
NamendaBiden 8 points 6 days ago Also a 22% increase in turnout in NJ vs the last gubernatorial election.  Which, also had the highest turnout ever at the time. permalink award report block reply
Odyssey 4 points 6 days ago Time after time we have been saying to Trump that we deserve to lose if he doesn't go after election workers who rigged the previous elections. Does Trump realise how much experience they have gained in committing voter fraud in the past 5 years? permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 4 points 6 days ago Time to get the DOGE guys, the military or NSA intel tech guys and Omega4America to audit every election including primaries and funding. permalink award report block reply
Darkpoisonousshaddow 3 points 6 days ago I thought Trump was going to blow the whole voter fraud shit to pieces? permalink award report block reply
ceva 1 points 6 days ago I think we proved looooooong ago that these approval polls are terrible predictions for election results. Remember when the polls showed Hillary at a 98% chance of winning? permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 1 points 6 days ago You're not reading the room. permalink award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 1 points 6 days ago https://x.com/SidneyPowell1/status/1986287215232831907 permalink award report block reply
Chancho69 1 points 6 days ago There is clear and blatant cheating in every election. Fix it or we’re fucked. permalink award report block reply
trumpORbust 1 points 6 days ago I can say kraken smellz permalink award report block reply
WeHappyDeplorable 1 points 6 days ago Hey, it's kraken lady who didn't do anything but twitter! permalink award report block reply
Dev404 1 points 6 days ago Maricopa. Audit. That's where there is court admissible evidence of election fraud. Until evidence that's on par with Maricopa's audit is presented to a court, every case will be thrown out. Again. You can argue logic and statistical impossibilities all you like, but a judge doesn't give a damn about theories UNTIL evidence, like a full forensic audit, is presented first and then you can present your theory, afterwards. It is up to the ACCUSER to present evidence, NOT the accused. It's only the ACCUSED when it's a feminist accusing a man of something he allegedly did, because feminism is ass-backwards and a marxist tool to destroy a functioning civiliation. permalink award report block reply