157 White House Says Trump Committed To $2,000 Tariff Dividend Payments For Many Americans (www.zerohedge.com) posted 32 minutes ago by Sea_Still 61 comments award share report block White House Says Trump Committed To $2,000 Tariff Dividend Payments For Many Americans ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
61 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Cakes4077 29 points 26 minutes ago Now imagine how much of a dividend we could get if those universities that require foreigners to be students to be able to continue to operate were shut down? permalink award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 6 points 18 minutes ago wtf suddenly I love socialism? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 11 minutes ago (people who are not dedicated to populism will call just retribution socialism) permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 26 points 28 minutes ago This is like a democrat bribery scheme. he wants to pay famlies making less than $100k annually. So shaniqua from da hood with 8 children from 7 different dads gets $18k and Joe and Jane who have 2 or 3 kids and each make $51k a year get jack shit. Most people making under $100k a year are democrats. This is a garbage plan. permalink award report block reply MagaJay02 25 points 26 minutes ago Most people making under $100k a year are democrats? No offense, but it's red states that have lower average incomes and costs of living. I make much less than $100k . It's hard for me to argue against getting my own tax dollars back in my pocket. I fully understand why people are against this though. Basically, only taxpayers should be eligible. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 14 points 21 minutes ago The vast majority of people with no income or near poverty-level income are democrats. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 8 points 19 minutes ago Now that is true. Mainly because brown and black people are mainly democrats, and many choose to be on the system. My dad has a Puerto Rican friend he's known for decades. The guy, every woman he's dated, his siblings, his mother... all live on the system. Not one has ever really worked. Total joke. It's our fault for allowing it. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 3 minutes ago poverty-level income is a funny statistic.... permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 1 minute ago No income on the record. Some of them have income they keep a secret. permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 8 points 21 minutes ago A lot of red states with blue cities. See Missouri with Kansas City, Springfield, and St Louis. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 2 points 5 minutes ago If you work I am fine with you getting this payment. Anyone on SNAP or EBT should not get this payment. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 5 minutes ago Yeah, this right here.  We are not at 100k, neither was dad.  and we have always been conservative, and we manage. Seriously agree.  anyone on any type of welfare should not be eligible for this.  they got endless gibs during covid. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 minutes ago Maybe lower taxes? This is just going to be the next snap fiasco. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 21 points 26 minutes ago its also bullshit that american citizens making over 100k get nothing how is that even fair?  just because "they dont need it" or "they dont deserve it" ?? permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 21 points 25 minutes ago yeah $100k is barely middle class anymore thanks to endless inflation permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 3 points 13 minutes ago Right it would make more sense if it was $100k individual and $200k family income. The beneficiary of this $2k is mostly going to lower class while middle class (I would consider $150k as middle class income for a family of 4) is the one paying for it. permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 17 minutes ago If you have 100 thousands, what are you gonna do with 2 more? permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 1 points 57 seconds ago Buy groceries, $100k doesn't get you what it used to back in the day For real though, this summer my power bill was over $500/mo I'm not looking forward to getting that first gas bill now that the cold weather has arrived, probably gonna be paying like $600/mo I wouldn't mind getting my own money back to pay these ridiculous utilities over the winter permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago wtf are you talking about 100k is triple the average wage in east GA you are out of touch saying shit like that permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 8 points 18 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore. It was a lot of money in 2005, you'd have to make 166k today just to make up for 20 years worth of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 minutes ago 100k is more than enough if you are frugal most people are too busy (or too lazy) to do the needful though permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore okay then give me $20k then I wont have to work for an entire year permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 5 minutes ago Its incentive to make just under that number. Just like how the tax brackets are structured. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 2 minutes ago is that tax bracket thing actually true? i guess you are talking above the values in the tax table for 1040 instructions?  because i don't really see where at one point you make 50 dollars more and end up getting less return than if you made 50 dollars less permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 11 points 22 minutes ago Exactly. And for a family too. Meaning a dual income family with 4+ kids doesn't qualify. But single income parasites that are already welfare, get a 2K bonus. Instead of laying down our debt, he is buying parasite votes. This is also encouraging people not to get married. I know a lot of couples that would qualify if they weren't dual income. Absolutely ridiculous. Just punishing white families that don't want to scam and game the system like this: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GZznVGLpJ_4 So if I follow this well known Somali scam, and "divorce" my wife, we will both qualify. Plus she will also qualify for SNAP and WIC. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply Region 3 points 11 minutes ago Even worse. He may be TRYING to buy parasite votes but these people will NEVER vote for a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 4 points 26 minutes ago Shiiiieeeettt is we getting free money permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 3 points 25 minutes ago As long as Ebtisha gets her gibs, fuck you. -Everyone in gubbament permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... MinneMAGA 20 points 25 minutes ago If only he was this committed to ending H1B and deporting ALL illegal aliens permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 14 points 24 minutes ago Best he can do is 15yr car loans and 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 2 points 10 minutes ago Maybe we should just start living in our cars. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 17 points 26 minutes ago $2k and 600000 new spies and h1bs to take away your childrens inheritance birth right to America.  ART OF THE DEAL! 5D CHESS. Still say he brought back those illegal korean battery makers. permalink award report block reply Avenatti2020 14 points 23 minutes ago I got nothing from covid gimmedats and will get nothing this time around. Great. permalink award report block reply NazisWereSocialist 8 points 15 minutes ago Oh no you did get something, a fuck ton of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 10 minutes ago And it's almost tax season again. Pay up so Abdul and his six kids and three wives can eat better permalink parent award report block reply Mitch_WerBell_III 6 points 20 minutes ago Look what integrity gets you. permalink parent award report block reply BooKoo 7 points 22 minutes ago but I thought the economy was doing so well?  I was told grocery prices were going down?  The things I see with my own eyes are just an illusion. permalink award report block reply HellNoKameltoe 1 points 10 minutes ago they are, but you also have to find a way to counteract any retaliatory measures blue states will use to inflate prices back up, like gas taxes. When they see prices for this stuff go down, they find ways to push the cost back up to meet any decreases because: "TDS" or "Nooo! we don't want you to use gas and want to force you on EVs with limited range, long charging time and high electric bills so you don't travel as much!" permalink parent award report block reply PissJuggernaut 6 points 19 minutes ago No. Just no permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 5 points 21 minutes ago That's extra $40 per month for your 50 year mortgage! permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 26 seconds ago no,  its 3.33 per month permalink parent award report block reply NazisWereSocialist 4 points 16 minutes ago Fucking retarded permalink award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 2 points 6 minutes ago Anyone already on government subsidy such as SNAP or EBT should be excluded unless they pay more than $2000/yr in taxes (they dont) permalink award report block reply Cuetardian 2 points 6 minutes ago Is this 2k per household, or 2k per individual person/social security number? permalink award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 5 minutes ago IF this money is from tariffs then it has nothing to do with who pays taxes or not because it's not coming from what people are forced to pay the government just for living here. Which then begs the question why condition it on income anyway? If you're going to do a giveaway just do one. Everyone already knows that while it's good for people to get SOMETHING from the government, it's clearly a political stunt after a lackluster first year of Trump. To put it mildly. If tariffs are for the country, the tariff giveaway is for the country too. permalink award report block reply BadManOrange 2 points 3 minutes ago I'd rather a permanent tax cut. permalink award report block reply UncleSlayton 2 points 11 minutes ago Devalue the dollar more. Don't make $2k the new $0. permalink award report block reply Mrwhitepants 1 points 5 minutes ago Sure more buy stuff, more stock go up, more money in globohomo's pocket, and more more more inflation.
Fucking Insane, as bad as 50 year mortgage. Here is an idea how about 99 year leases.
#endthefed permalink award report block reply Badfinz_FL 1 points 3 minutes ago It will be taxed at 15% at federal level, and whatever state income tax you will pay.  Most states that do income tax their rate is around on average 6%. So you will end up with about $1580 after the feds and state take their bite. permalink award report block reply Riehlpissed 1 points 1 second ago Many, but not all. permalink award report block reply 42rle 1 points 10 minutes ago How about ending H1B to elevate wages instead permalink award report block reply Pats5x 1 points 9 minutes ago Jfc...limited to those making under 100k per Bessent?  This admin is completely fucking tone deaf and has fucking lost the plot permalink award report block reply ebuy123 1 points 8 minutes ago this is to fight the dem and media narratives and to save the tariffs.   would be doing this if the country was not under constant attack by communists permalink award report block reply ebuy123 1 points 8 minutes ago its not good policy, its necessary self defense permalink parent award report block reply Purple_Drank 1 points 7 minutes ago he is buying votes for the midterms.  I hate this so much. permalink award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 1 points 6 minutes ago Another Trump blunder. Man this guys been rolling straight 0's for weeks now. 3 more years of this shit. Damn I would have rather had Kamala at least we wouldn't have to pretend this bullshit is acceptable. permalink award report block reply barwhack 0 points 23 minutes ago Trump to stim the anesthenation. MAGA instead . Your epstardation us showing. permalink award report block reply new_guy2 3 points 20 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply new_guy2 1 points 20 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Cakes4077 29 points 26 minutes ago Now imagine how much of a dividend we could get if those universities that require foreigners to be students to be able to continue to operate were shut down? permalink award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 6 points 18 minutes ago wtf suddenly I love socialism? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 11 minutes ago (people who are not dedicated to populism will call just retribution socialism) permalink parent award report block reply
GEOTUS4POTUS 6 points 18 minutes ago wtf suddenly I love socialism? permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 11 minutes ago (people who are not dedicated to populism will call just retribution socialism) permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 2 points 11 minutes ago (people who are not dedicated to populism will call just retribution socialism) permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 26 points 28 minutes ago This is like a democrat bribery scheme. he wants to pay famlies making less than $100k annually. So shaniqua from da hood with 8 children from 7 different dads gets $18k and Joe and Jane who have 2 or 3 kids and each make $51k a year get jack shit. Most people making under $100k a year are democrats. This is a garbage plan. permalink award report block reply MagaJay02 25 points 26 minutes ago Most people making under $100k a year are democrats? No offense, but it's red states that have lower average incomes and costs of living. I make much less than $100k . It's hard for me to argue against getting my own tax dollars back in my pocket. I fully understand why people are against this though. Basically, only taxpayers should be eligible. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 14 points 21 minutes ago The vast majority of people with no income or near poverty-level income are democrats. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 8 points 19 minutes ago Now that is true. Mainly because brown and black people are mainly democrats, and many choose to be on the system. My dad has a Puerto Rican friend he's known for decades. The guy, every woman he's dated, his siblings, his mother... all live on the system. Not one has ever really worked. Total joke. It's our fault for allowing it. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 3 minutes ago poverty-level income is a funny statistic.... permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 1 minute ago No income on the record. Some of them have income they keep a secret. permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 8 points 21 minutes ago A lot of red states with blue cities. See Missouri with Kansas City, Springfield, and St Louis. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 2 points 5 minutes ago If you work I am fine with you getting this payment. Anyone on SNAP or EBT should not get this payment. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 5 minutes ago Yeah, this right here.  We are not at 100k, neither was dad.  and we have always been conservative, and we manage. Seriously agree.  anyone on any type of welfare should not be eligible for this.  they got endless gibs during covid. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 minutes ago Maybe lower taxes? This is just going to be the next snap fiasco. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 21 points 26 minutes ago its also bullshit that american citizens making over 100k get nothing how is that even fair?  just because "they dont need it" or "they dont deserve it" ?? permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 21 points 25 minutes ago yeah $100k is barely middle class anymore thanks to endless inflation permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 3 points 13 minutes ago Right it would make more sense if it was $100k individual and $200k family income. The beneficiary of this $2k is mostly going to lower class while middle class (I would consider $150k as middle class income for a family of 4) is the one paying for it. permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 17 minutes ago If you have 100 thousands, what are you gonna do with 2 more? permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 1 points 57 seconds ago Buy groceries, $100k doesn't get you what it used to back in the day For real though, this summer my power bill was over $500/mo I'm not looking forward to getting that first gas bill now that the cold weather has arrived, probably gonna be paying like $600/mo I wouldn't mind getting my own money back to pay these ridiculous utilities over the winter permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago wtf are you talking about 100k is triple the average wage in east GA you are out of touch saying shit like that permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 8 points 18 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore. It was a lot of money in 2005, you'd have to make 166k today just to make up for 20 years worth of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 minutes ago 100k is more than enough if you are frugal most people are too busy (or too lazy) to do the needful though permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore okay then give me $20k then I wont have to work for an entire year permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 5 minutes ago Its incentive to make just under that number. Just like how the tax brackets are structured. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 2 minutes ago is that tax bracket thing actually true? i guess you are talking above the values in the tax table for 1040 instructions?  because i don't really see where at one point you make 50 dollars more and end up getting less return than if you made 50 dollars less permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 11 points 22 minutes ago Exactly. And for a family too. Meaning a dual income family with 4+ kids doesn't qualify. But single income parasites that are already welfare, get a 2K bonus. Instead of laying down our debt, he is buying parasite votes. This is also encouraging people not to get married. I know a lot of couples that would qualify if they weren't dual income. Absolutely ridiculous. Just punishing white families that don't want to scam and game the system like this: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GZznVGLpJ_4 So if I follow this well known Somali scam, and "divorce" my wife, we will both qualify. Plus she will also qualify for SNAP and WIC. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply Region 3 points 11 minutes ago Even worse. He may be TRYING to buy parasite votes but these people will NEVER vote for a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 4 points 26 minutes ago Shiiiieeeettt is we getting free money permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 3 points 25 minutes ago As long as Ebtisha gets her gibs, fuck you. -Everyone in gubbament permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
MagaJay02 25 points 26 minutes ago Most people making under $100k a year are democrats? No offense, but it's red states that have lower average incomes and costs of living. I make much less than $100k . It's hard for me to argue against getting my own tax dollars back in my pocket. I fully understand why people are against this though. Basically, only taxpayers should be eligible. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 14 points 21 minutes ago The vast majority of people with no income or near poverty-level income are democrats. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 8 points 19 minutes ago Now that is true. Mainly because brown and black people are mainly democrats, and many choose to be on the system. My dad has a Puerto Rican friend he's known for decades. The guy, every woman he's dated, his siblings, his mother... all live on the system. Not one has ever really worked. Total joke. It's our fault for allowing it. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 3 minutes ago poverty-level income is a funny statistic.... permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 1 minute ago No income on the record. Some of them have income they keep a secret. permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 8 points 21 minutes ago A lot of red states with blue cities. See Missouri with Kansas City, Springfield, and St Louis. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 2 points 5 minutes ago If you work I am fine with you getting this payment. Anyone on SNAP or EBT should not get this payment. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 5 minutes ago Yeah, this right here.  We are not at 100k, neither was dad.  and we have always been conservative, and we manage. Seriously agree.  anyone on any type of welfare should not be eligible for this.  they got endless gibs during covid. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 minutes ago Maybe lower taxes? This is just going to be the next snap fiasco. permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 14 points 21 minutes ago The vast majority of people with no income or near poverty-level income are democrats. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 8 points 19 minutes ago Now that is true. Mainly because brown and black people are mainly democrats, and many choose to be on the system. My dad has a Puerto Rican friend he's known for decades. The guy, every woman he's dated, his siblings, his mother... all live on the system. Not one has ever really worked. Total joke. It's our fault for allowing it. permalink parent award report block reply empiretc 1 points 3 minutes ago poverty-level income is a funny statistic.... permalink parent award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 1 minute ago No income on the record. Some of them have income they keep a secret. permalink parent award report block reply
MagaJay02 8 points 19 minutes ago Now that is true. Mainly because brown and black people are mainly democrats, and many choose to be on the system. My dad has a Puerto Rican friend he's known for decades. The guy, every woman he's dated, his siblings, his mother... all live on the system. Not one has ever really worked. Total joke. It's our fault for allowing it. permalink parent award report block reply
empiretc 1 points 3 minutes ago poverty-level income is a funny statistic.... permalink parent award report block reply
ViagraFalls 1 points 1 minute ago No income on the record. Some of them have income they keep a secret. permalink parent award report block reply
nakedjay 8 points 21 minutes ago A lot of red states with blue cities. See Missouri with Kansas City, Springfield, and St Louis. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPatriot84 2 points 5 minutes ago If you work I am fine with you getting this payment. Anyone on SNAP or EBT should not get this payment. permalink parent award report block reply
empiretc 1 points 5 minutes ago Yeah, this right here.  We are not at 100k, neither was dad.  and we have always been conservative, and we manage. Seriously agree.  anyone on any type of welfare should not be eligible for this.  they got endless gibs during covid. permalink parent award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 1 points 2 minutes ago Maybe lower taxes? This is just going to be the next snap fiasco. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 21 points 26 minutes ago its also bullshit that american citizens making over 100k get nothing how is that even fair?  just because "they dont need it" or "they dont deserve it" ?? permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 21 points 25 minutes ago yeah $100k is barely middle class anymore thanks to endless inflation permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 3 points 13 minutes ago Right it would make more sense if it was $100k individual and $200k family income. The beneficiary of this $2k is mostly going to lower class while middle class (I would consider $150k as middle class income for a family of 4) is the one paying for it. permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 17 minutes ago If you have 100 thousands, what are you gonna do with 2 more? permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 1 points 57 seconds ago Buy groceries, $100k doesn't get you what it used to back in the day For real though, this summer my power bill was over $500/mo I'm not looking forward to getting that first gas bill now that the cold weather has arrived, probably gonna be paying like $600/mo I wouldn't mind getting my own money back to pay these ridiculous utilities over the winter permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago wtf are you talking about 100k is triple the average wage in east GA you are out of touch saying shit like that permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 8 points 18 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore. It was a lot of money in 2005, you'd have to make 166k today just to make up for 20 years worth of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 minutes ago 100k is more than enough if you are frugal most people are too busy (or too lazy) to do the needful though permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore okay then give me $20k then I wont have to work for an entire year permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 1 points 5 minutes ago Its incentive to make just under that number. Just like how the tax brackets are structured. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 2 minutes ago is that tax bracket thing actually true? i guess you are talking above the values in the tax table for 1040 instructions?  because i don't really see where at one point you make 50 dollars more and end up getting less return than if you made 50 dollars less permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 21 points 25 minutes ago yeah $100k is barely middle class anymore thanks to endless inflation permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 3 points 13 minutes ago Right it would make more sense if it was $100k individual and $200k family income. The beneficiary of this $2k is mostly going to lower class while middle class (I would consider $150k as middle class income for a family of 4) is the one paying for it. permalink parent award report block reply GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 17 minutes ago If you have 100 thousands, what are you gonna do with 2 more? permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 1 points 57 seconds ago Buy groceries, $100k doesn't get you what it used to back in the day For real though, this summer my power bill was over $500/mo I'm not looking forward to getting that first gas bill now that the cold weather has arrived, probably gonna be paying like $600/mo I wouldn't mind getting my own money back to pay these ridiculous utilities over the winter permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago wtf are you talking about 100k is triple the average wage in east GA you are out of touch saying shit like that permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 3 points 13 minutes ago Right it would make more sense if it was $100k individual and $200k family income. The beneficiary of this $2k is mostly going to lower class while middle class (I would consider $150k as middle class income for a family of 4) is the one paying for it. permalink parent award report block reply
GEOTUS4POTUS 2 points 17 minutes ago If you have 100 thousands, what are you gonna do with 2 more? permalink parent award report block reply UsernameChexOut 1 points 57 seconds ago Buy groceries, $100k doesn't get you what it used to back in the day For real though, this summer my power bill was over $500/mo I'm not looking forward to getting that first gas bill now that the cold weather has arrived, probably gonna be paying like $600/mo I wouldn't mind getting my own money back to pay these ridiculous utilities over the winter permalink parent award report block reply
UsernameChexOut 1 points 57 seconds ago Buy groceries, $100k doesn't get you what it used to back in the day For real though, this summer my power bill was over $500/mo I'm not looking forward to getting that first gas bill now that the cold weather has arrived, probably gonna be paying like $600/mo I wouldn't mind getting my own money back to pay these ridiculous utilities over the winter permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago wtf are you talking about 100k is triple the average wage in east GA you are out of touch saying shit like that permalink parent award report block reply
nakedjay 8 points 18 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore. It was a lot of money in 2005, you'd have to make 166k today just to make up for 20 years worth of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 minutes ago 100k is more than enough if you are frugal most people are too busy (or too lazy) to do the needful though permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore okay then give me $20k then I wont have to work for an entire year permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 11 minutes ago 100k is more than enough if you are frugal most people are too busy (or too lazy) to do the needful though permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 9 minutes ago 100k ain't shit anymore okay then give me $20k then I wont have to work for an entire year permalink parent award report block reply
Electrocutioner 1 points 5 minutes ago Its incentive to make just under that number. Just like how the tax brackets are structured. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 2 minutes ago is that tax bracket thing actually true? i guess you are talking above the values in the tax table for 1040 instructions?  because i don't really see where at one point you make 50 dollars more and end up getting less return than if you made 50 dollars less permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 2 minutes ago is that tax bracket thing actually true? i guess you are talking above the values in the tax table for 1040 instructions?  because i don't really see where at one point you make 50 dollars more and end up getting less return than if you made 50 dollars less permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 11 points 22 minutes ago Exactly. And for a family too. Meaning a dual income family with 4+ kids doesn't qualify. But single income parasites that are already welfare, get a 2K bonus. Instead of laying down our debt, he is buying parasite votes. This is also encouraging people not to get married. I know a lot of couples that would qualify if they weren't dual income. Absolutely ridiculous. Just punishing white families that don't want to scam and game the system like this: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GZznVGLpJ_4 So if I follow this well known Somali scam, and "divorce" my wife, we will both qualify. Plus she will also qualify for SNAP and WIC. Absolutely pathetic. permalink parent award report block reply Region 3 points 11 minutes ago Even worse. He may be TRYING to buy parasite votes but these people will NEVER vote for a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply
Region 3 points 11 minutes ago Even worse. He may be TRYING to buy parasite votes but these people will NEVER vote for a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply
YouEssAye 4 points 26 minutes ago Shiiiieeeettt is we getting free money permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 3 points 25 minutes ago As long as Ebtisha gets her gibs, fuck you. -Everyone in gubbament permalink parent award report block reply
MinneMAGA 20 points 25 minutes ago If only he was this committed to ending H1B and deporting ALL illegal aliens permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 14 points 24 minutes ago Best he can do is 15yr car loans and 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 2 points 10 minutes ago Maybe we should just start living in our cars. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 14 points 24 minutes ago Best he can do is 15yr car loans and 50 year mortgages. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 2 points 10 minutes ago Maybe we should just start living in our cars. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 2 points 10 minutes ago Maybe we should just start living in our cars. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 17 points 26 minutes ago $2k and 600000 new spies and h1bs to take away your childrens inheritance birth right to America.  ART OF THE DEAL! 5D CHESS. Still say he brought back those illegal korean battery makers. permalink award report block reply
Avenatti2020 14 points 23 minutes ago I got nothing from covid gimmedats and will get nothing this time around. Great. permalink award report block reply NazisWereSocialist 8 points 15 minutes ago Oh no you did get something, a fuck ton of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 10 minutes ago And it's almost tax season again. Pay up so Abdul and his six kids and three wives can eat better permalink parent award report block reply Mitch_WerBell_III 6 points 20 minutes ago Look what integrity gets you. permalink parent award report block reply
NazisWereSocialist 8 points 15 minutes ago Oh no you did get something, a fuck ton of inflation. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 10 minutes ago And it's almost tax season again. Pay up so Abdul and his six kids and three wives can eat better permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 10 minutes ago And it's almost tax season again. Pay up so Abdul and his six kids and three wives can eat better permalink parent award report block reply
Mitch_WerBell_III 6 points 20 minutes ago Look what integrity gets you. permalink parent award report block reply
BooKoo 7 points 22 minutes ago but I thought the economy was doing so well?  I was told grocery prices were going down?  The things I see with my own eyes are just an illusion. permalink award report block reply HellNoKameltoe 1 points 10 minutes ago they are, but you also have to find a way to counteract any retaliatory measures blue states will use to inflate prices back up, like gas taxes. When they see prices for this stuff go down, they find ways to push the cost back up to meet any decreases because: "TDS" or "Nooo! we don't want you to use gas and want to force you on EVs with limited range, long charging time and high electric bills so you don't travel as much!" permalink parent award report block reply
HellNoKameltoe 1 points 10 minutes ago they are, but you also have to find a way to counteract any retaliatory measures blue states will use to inflate prices back up, like gas taxes. When they see prices for this stuff go down, they find ways to push the cost back up to meet any decreases because: "TDS" or "Nooo! we don't want you to use gas and want to force you on EVs with limited range, long charging time and high electric bills so you don't travel as much!" permalink parent award report block reply
PissJuggernaut 6 points 19 minutes ago No. Just no permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 5 points 21 minutes ago That's extra $40 per month for your 50 year mortgage! permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 26 seconds ago no,  its 3.33 per month permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 26 seconds ago no,  its 3.33 per month permalink parent award report block reply
NazisWereSocialist 4 points 16 minutes ago Fucking retarded permalink award report block reply
TrumpPatriot84 2 points 6 minutes ago Anyone already on government subsidy such as SNAP or EBT should be excluded unless they pay more than $2000/yr in taxes (they dont) permalink award report block reply
Cuetardian 2 points 6 minutes ago Is this 2k per household, or 2k per individual person/social security number? permalink award report block reply
flashersenpai 2 points 5 minutes ago IF this money is from tariffs then it has nothing to do with who pays taxes or not because it's not coming from what people are forced to pay the government just for living here. Which then begs the question why condition it on income anyway? If you're going to do a giveaway just do one. Everyone already knows that while it's good for people to get SOMETHING from the government, it's clearly a political stunt after a lackluster first year of Trump. To put it mildly. If tariffs are for the country, the tariff giveaway is for the country too. permalink award report block reply
BadManOrange 2 points 3 minutes ago I'd rather a permanent tax cut. permalink award report block reply
UncleSlayton 2 points 11 minutes ago Devalue the dollar more. Don't make $2k the new $0. permalink award report block reply
Mrwhitepants 1 points 5 minutes ago Sure more buy stuff, more stock go up, more money in globohomo's pocket, and more more more inflation.
Fucking Insane, as bad as 50 year mortgage. Here is an idea how about 99 year leases.
#endthefed permalink award report block reply
Badfinz_FL 1 points 3 minutes ago It will be taxed at 15% at federal level, and whatever state income tax you will pay.  Most states that do income tax their rate is around on average 6%. So you will end up with about $1580 after the feds and state take their bite. permalink award report block reply
Riehlpissed 1 points 1 second ago Many, but not all. permalink award report block reply
42rle 1 points 10 minutes ago How about ending H1B to elevate wages instead permalink award report block reply
Pats5x 1 points 9 minutes ago Jfc...limited to those making under 100k per Bessent?  This admin is completely fucking tone deaf and has fucking lost the plot permalink award report block reply
ebuy123 1 points 8 minutes ago this is to fight the dem and media narratives and to save the tariffs.   would be doing this if the country was not under constant attack by communists permalink award report block reply ebuy123 1 points 8 minutes ago its not good policy, its necessary self defense permalink parent award report block reply
ebuy123 1 points 8 minutes ago its not good policy, its necessary self defense permalink parent award report block reply
Purple_Drank 1 points 7 minutes ago he is buying votes for the midterms.  I hate this so much. permalink award report block reply
RockFlagAndEagle2020 1 points 6 minutes ago Another Trump blunder. Man this guys been rolling straight 0's for weeks now. 3 more years of this shit. Damn I would have rather had Kamala at least we wouldn't have to pretend this bullshit is acceptable. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 0 points 23 minutes ago Trump to stim the anesthenation. MAGA instead . Your epstardation us showing. permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 3 points 20 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 20 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply