104 Trump on H1B: The US doesn't have "plenty of talented people" posted 6 hours ago by flashersenpai 36 comments award share report block Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 18h NOW - Trump says that H1B immigrants are necessary since there are not plenty of talented Americans. Laura: "We have plenty of talented people here!" Trump: "No, you don't. No, you don't... No, you don't have... You don't have certain talents and you have to... People have to
36 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save FKH2 24 points 6 hours ago He is 100% compromised permalink award report block reply rightoverthere 7 points 6 hours ago i bet they fabricated epstien evidence implicating him or family. probably holding that over him. he changed around epsiten denial permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 3 points 6 hours ago Yea, ever since then he made a 180 on almost everything. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 59 minutes ago I dont think they fabricated anything. Its obvious with how trump panders to blacks/latinos/asians/pajeets while giving the middle finger to his actual base which was White man. He is antiWhite racist who wants White man replaced and then further humiliated as we wstch White woman brainwashed to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 5 hours ago we're fucked.  we're gonna have to go Bolshevik if we want it to end permalink parent award report block reply negative_entropy 1 points 3 hours ago its the tech right CEOs anyone remember when he said he'd expand h1b and give international students automatic green cards? https://youtu.be/blqIZGXWUpU?si=EIMSP1P9ZbysLfXz&t=2408 the guy asking him the question is david sachs who trump made head of tech policy permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 17 points 6 hours ago Elon got put on the shitlist for the same behavior. Now what? permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 5 hours ago it's called betrayal and Elon is not the only one capable. permalink parent award report block reply Zeleskys_WH_Clothing 15 points 6 hours ago Trump has lost the plot here. I will be glad when someone in Government gets elected and takes this issue seriously. Because Trump certainly is not. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 10 points 5 hours ago I would primary Trump over this.. this is a single vote issue that has affected me and several of my friends.  we can't import foreign labor comprised of a society of scammers and cheaters while talented Americans are skipped and ignored in order to meet their labor quotas or divershitty quotas permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 58 minutes ago Whats even worse is that even Desantos and Haley were on the right of this on trump yet trump  decided to show his hatred of White man by increasing the speed of replacement while doing nothing to stol the racemix propaganda hollywood uses to brainwash White woman to mudshark. Im never voting republican again permalink parent award report block reply sleepinggiant 14 points 6 hours ago Trump just called americans untalented. Lol 2026 was lost with that comment. Where ever Trumps new support is coming from it must outway MAGA permalink award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 13 points 6 hours ago America does its just buried beneath a sea of cheap h1b labor, a flood of foreign students and endless illegals. Hard to get a job when recruiters and the like are also indian and only hire their own smelly brethren. permalink award report block reply couranto 13 points 6 hours ago This interview was such a disaster even the Trump war room and 47 response team accounts are trying to bury it by completely ignoring it. Its indefensible. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 10 points 6 hours ago A big reason people are mad about H1b is because the vast majority of those visas are going to Indians and Chinese. Are people from those two countries vastly smarter than everyone else? Of course not. We’d like to see more people brought in on that visa from Europe, Australia, Japan, and other developed countries permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 57 minutes ago I dont want any foriegners. Stop replacing White man and brainwashed White woman to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply loooooof 10 points 6 hours ago A complete disaster of an interview. permalink award report block reply Lurker404 9 points 6 hours ago The disaster isn't the interview. The disaster is that that's now the policy of the Trump administration from top to bottom. Christi Noem also just held an equally terrifying interview: https://x.com/disclosetv/status/1988591341765525996 permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 4 hours ago damn permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 56 minutes ago How is trump any different from biden now? The only difference is biden worshipped mexicans while trump worships pajeets permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 9 points 6 hours ago Ok, let’s play along with this idiotic logic…… so he’s saying we have to completely replace our workforce with millions every single year when all you need is a few trainers to train our workforce!…… the proportionality of what he’s suggesting is completely false…. Americans can be trained quite easily to build a fcking battery! And to drive a truck, and to clean a Trump hotel!…. I will add, “I HAVE NEVER BEEN MORE INSULTED” permalink award report block reply FKH2 8 points 6 hours ago H1B is a corporate scam, they bring in these temps from India, they work cheap and they do not have to give them any benefits, when the visa expires they just send them back home and replace them with a new batch, it is the in sourcing of cheap labor permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 5 hours ago we know permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 6 points 5 hours ago The fucking tech bros and their we must 'win the AI race with Chi-Na at any cost!'  We must have endless Pajeets.   Fuck them.  They have foisted this STEM shortage for decades. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 3 points 5 hours ago pajeets are literally the worst class of people i have worked with in the past 20 years in tech. maybe 1 out of 100 is hardworking and honest.. and even less regularly bathe or shower.  and some of those guys used to be my best friends.  there are shitty people of every race, color, and creed, but thanks to Cognizant my exposure to jeets is way higher than others permalink parent award report block reply kamalas_knees 5 points 5 hours ago Headed out to the driveway to remove my Trump sticker from my car.  Fuck this orange jew. permalink award report block reply Whoopies_tds 3 points 5 hours ago He needs to be more specific. Yes we have many talented people but in certain areas, we don't have enough people with very specific talent. Probably AI, energy, medical is what he's thinking. For example, back in the 90's when the internet was being built out, we didn't have enough Americans to scale things like BGP and OC-192 and OC-768. Without H1-B's, companies like Cisco never would have been able to scale and survive. Having said that, did the H1-B process get watered down to the point of hiring generic computer science grads? Yes it did and so we need to get back to focusing only on highly skilled specialized talent and the rest can go build Wakanda 2.0 somewhere else permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 55 minutes ago Fuck off. Those are jobs americans want to do. But compabies refuse to hire White man due to dei and h1b. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 3 points 6 hours ago this is what i voted for! ... not permalink award report block reply Bball-gurl 2 points 5 hours ago Wtf I love H1B's now?!? permalink award report block reply StoneRealist 2 points 6 hours ago I think this is both true and untrue. America does have talented people but they've been disenfranchised for so long they've had no choice but to move on to other career paths. All you're left with is college educated liberals that expect everything to be given to them and for their worldview to be coddled. So the available workers now for such jobs these h1b invaders get is largely comprised of the latter, which companies obviously don't want to entertain anymore permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 55 minutes ago More like h1b is mainly dei and hatred of White man permalink parent award report block reply roflcopt0rz_returns 2 points 3 hours ago This is the end of Trump. He literally just called his own base retarded Until someone better than Trump comes along to replace him, this issue alone will hand the dems 2026 and beyond. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 54 minutes ago Jd and his pajeet wife were the first proof. I know desantis is zionist but even he is crackint down on h1b and should be able to defeat vance in the primary on this issue alone permalink parent award report block reply Bjc112 2 points 5 hours ago Cmon Don! permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 5 hours ago i'm sorry but i'm with Ingraham on this one. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 2 points 6 hours ago When the poos take over they only hire their own. permalink award report block reply
FKH2 24 points 6 hours ago He is 100% compromised permalink award report block reply rightoverthere 7 points 6 hours ago i bet they fabricated epstien evidence implicating him or family. probably holding that over him. he changed around epsiten denial permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 3 points 6 hours ago Yea, ever since then he made a 180 on almost everything. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 59 minutes ago I dont think they fabricated anything. Its obvious with how trump panders to blacks/latinos/asians/pajeets while giving the middle finger to his actual base which was White man. He is antiWhite racist who wants White man replaced and then further humiliated as we wstch White woman brainwashed to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 5 hours ago we're fucked.  we're gonna have to go Bolshevik if we want it to end permalink parent award report block reply negative_entropy 1 points 3 hours ago its the tech right CEOs anyone remember when he said he'd expand h1b and give international students automatic green cards? https://youtu.be/blqIZGXWUpU?si=EIMSP1P9ZbysLfXz&t=2408 the guy asking him the question is david sachs who trump made head of tech policy permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 7 points 6 hours ago i bet they fabricated epstien evidence implicating him or family. probably holding that over him. he changed around epsiten denial permalink parent award report block reply Lurker404 3 points 6 hours ago Yea, ever since then he made a 180 on almost everything. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 59 minutes ago I dont think they fabricated anything. Its obvious with how trump panders to blacks/latinos/asians/pajeets while giving the middle finger to his actual base which was White man. He is antiWhite racist who wants White man replaced and then further humiliated as we wstch White woman brainwashed to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply
Lurker404 3 points 6 hours ago Yea, ever since then he made a 180 on almost everything. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 59 minutes ago I dont think they fabricated anything. Its obvious with how trump panders to blacks/latinos/asians/pajeets while giving the middle finger to his actual base which was White man. He is antiWhite racist who wants White man replaced and then further humiliated as we wstch White woman brainwashed to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 5 points 5 hours ago we're fucked.  we're gonna have to go Bolshevik if we want it to end permalink parent award report block reply
negative_entropy 1 points 3 hours ago its the tech right CEOs anyone remember when he said he'd expand h1b and give international students automatic green cards? https://youtu.be/blqIZGXWUpU?si=EIMSP1P9ZbysLfXz&t=2408 the guy asking him the question is david sachs who trump made head of tech policy permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 17 points 6 hours ago Elon got put on the shitlist for the same behavior. Now what? permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 5 points 5 hours ago it's called betrayal and Elon is not the only one capable. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 5 points 5 hours ago it's called betrayal and Elon is not the only one capable. permalink parent award report block reply
Zeleskys_WH_Clothing 15 points 6 hours ago Trump has lost the plot here. I will be glad when someone in Government gets elected and takes this issue seriously. Because Trump certainly is not. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 10 points 5 hours ago I would primary Trump over this.. this is a single vote issue that has affected me and several of my friends.  we can't import foreign labor comprised of a society of scammers and cheaters while talented Americans are skipped and ignored in order to meet their labor quotas or divershitty quotas permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 58 minutes ago Whats even worse is that even Desantos and Haley were on the right of this on trump yet trump  decided to show his hatred of White man by increasing the speed of replacement while doing nothing to stol the racemix propaganda hollywood uses to brainwash White woman to mudshark. Im never voting republican again permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 10 points 5 hours ago I would primary Trump over this.. this is a single vote issue that has affected me and several of my friends.  we can't import foreign labor comprised of a society of scammers and cheaters while talented Americans are skipped and ignored in order to meet their labor quotas or divershitty quotas permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 58 minutes ago Whats even worse is that even Desantos and Haley were on the right of this on trump yet trump  decided to show his hatred of White man by increasing the speed of replacement while doing nothing to stol the racemix propaganda hollywood uses to brainwash White woman to mudshark. Im never voting republican again permalink parent award report block reply
sleepinggiant 14 points 6 hours ago Trump just called americans untalented. Lol 2026 was lost with that comment. Where ever Trumps new support is coming from it must outway MAGA permalink award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 13 points 6 hours ago America does its just buried beneath a sea of cheap h1b labor, a flood of foreign students and endless illegals. Hard to get a job when recruiters and the like are also indian and only hire their own smelly brethren. permalink award report block reply
couranto 13 points 6 hours ago This interview was such a disaster even the Trump war room and 47 response team accounts are trying to bury it by completely ignoring it. Its indefensible. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 10 points 6 hours ago A big reason people are mad about H1b is because the vast majority of those visas are going to Indians and Chinese. Are people from those two countries vastly smarter than everyone else? Of course not. We’d like to see more people brought in on that visa from Europe, Australia, Japan, and other developed countries permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 57 minutes ago I dont want any foriegners. Stop replacing White man and brainwashed White woman to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 57 minutes ago I dont want any foriegners. Stop replacing White man and brainwashed White woman to mudshark permalink parent award report block reply
loooooof 10 points 6 hours ago A complete disaster of an interview. permalink award report block reply Lurker404 9 points 6 hours ago The disaster isn't the interview. The disaster is that that's now the policy of the Trump administration from top to bottom. Christi Noem also just held an equally terrifying interview: https://x.com/disclosetv/status/1988591341765525996 permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 4 hours ago damn permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 56 minutes ago How is trump any different from biden now? The only difference is biden worshipped mexicans while trump worships pajeets permalink parent award report block reply
Lurker404 9 points 6 hours ago The disaster isn't the interview. The disaster is that that's now the policy of the Trump administration from top to bottom. Christi Noem also just held an equally terrifying interview: https://x.com/disclosetv/status/1988591341765525996 permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai OP 4 points 4 hours ago damn permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 56 minutes ago How is trump any different from biden now? The only difference is biden worshipped mexicans while trump worships pajeets permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai OP 4 points 4 hours ago damn permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 2 points 56 minutes ago How is trump any different from biden now? The only difference is biden worshipped mexicans while trump worships pajeets permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 9 points 6 hours ago Ok, let’s play along with this idiotic logic…… so he’s saying we have to completely replace our workforce with millions every single year when all you need is a few trainers to train our workforce!…… the proportionality of what he’s suggesting is completely false…. Americans can be trained quite easily to build a fcking battery! And to drive a truck, and to clean a Trump hotel!…. I will add, “I HAVE NEVER BEEN MORE INSULTED” permalink award report block reply
FKH2 8 points 6 hours ago H1B is a corporate scam, they bring in these temps from India, they work cheap and they do not have to give them any benefits, when the visa expires they just send them back home and replace them with a new batch, it is the in sourcing of cheap labor permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 5 hours ago we know permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 1 points 5 hours ago we know permalink parent award report block reply
rivetjoint2 6 points 5 hours ago The fucking tech bros and their we must 'win the AI race with Chi-Na at any cost!'  We must have endless Pajeets.   Fuck them.  They have foisted this STEM shortage for decades. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 3 points 5 hours ago pajeets are literally the worst class of people i have worked with in the past 20 years in tech. maybe 1 out of 100 is hardworking and honest.. and even less regularly bathe or shower.  and some of those guys used to be my best friends.  there are shitty people of every race, color, and creed, but thanks to Cognizant my exposure to jeets is way higher than others permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 3 points 5 hours ago pajeets are literally the worst class of people i have worked with in the past 20 years in tech. maybe 1 out of 100 is hardworking and honest.. and even less regularly bathe or shower.  and some of those guys used to be my best friends.  there are shitty people of every race, color, and creed, but thanks to Cognizant my exposure to jeets is way higher than others permalink parent award report block reply
kamalas_knees 5 points 5 hours ago Headed out to the driveway to remove my Trump sticker from my car.  Fuck this orange jew. permalink award report block reply
Whoopies_tds 3 points 5 hours ago He needs to be more specific. Yes we have many talented people but in certain areas, we don't have enough people with very specific talent. Probably AI, energy, medical is what he's thinking. For example, back in the 90's when the internet was being built out, we didn't have enough Americans to scale things like BGP and OC-192 and OC-768. Without H1-B's, companies like Cisco never would have been able to scale and survive. Having said that, did the H1-B process get watered down to the point of hiring generic computer science grads? Yes it did and so we need to get back to focusing only on highly skilled specialized talent and the rest can go build Wakanda 2.0 somewhere else permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 55 minutes ago Fuck off. Those are jobs americans want to do. But compabies refuse to hire White man due to dei and h1b. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 55 minutes ago Fuck off. Those are jobs americans want to do. But compabies refuse to hire White man due to dei and h1b. permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 3 points 6 hours ago this is what i voted for! ... not permalink award report block reply
Bball-gurl 2 points 5 hours ago Wtf I love H1B's now?!? permalink award report block reply
StoneRealist 2 points 6 hours ago I think this is both true and untrue. America does have talented people but they've been disenfranchised for so long they've had no choice but to move on to other career paths. All you're left with is college educated liberals that expect everything to be given to them and for their worldview to be coddled. So the available workers now for such jobs these h1b invaders get is largely comprised of the latter, which companies obviously don't want to entertain anymore permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 55 minutes ago More like h1b is mainly dei and hatred of White man permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 55 minutes ago More like h1b is mainly dei and hatred of White man permalink parent award report block reply
roflcopt0rz_returns 2 points 3 hours ago This is the end of Trump. He literally just called his own base retarded Until someone better than Trump comes along to replace him, this issue alone will hand the dems 2026 and beyond. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 54 minutes ago Jd and his pajeet wife were the first proof. I know desantis is zionist but even he is crackint down on h1b and should be able to defeat vance in the primary on this issue alone permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 54 minutes ago Jd and his pajeet wife were the first proof. I know desantis is zionist but even he is crackint down on h1b and should be able to defeat vance in the primary on this issue alone permalink parent award report block reply
Bjc112 2 points 5 hours ago Cmon Don! permalink award report block reply
mty_green_go 2 points 5 hours ago i'm sorry but i'm with Ingraham on this one. permalink award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 2 points 6 hours ago When the poos take over they only hire their own. permalink award report block reply