125 America essentially had an immigration moratorium from 1924 - 1965.

We went through the great depression, won World War II, fought the Korean War, built the U.S. highway system, and developed a space program that landed us on the moon. posted 9 hours ago by IlhansBrother 8 comments award share report block Adam Johnston @adamkjohnston • 1d America essentially had an immigration moratorium from 1924 - 1965. We went through the great depression, won World War II, fought the Korean War, built the U.S. highway system, and developed a space program that landed us on the moon. We need another immigration moratorium. Logan Hall @loganclarkhall • 1d Total. Immigration. Moratorium.
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web ReallyGayMods 3 points 9 hours ago How did we do that without h1bs from the greatest and most talented country in the world, India? permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 9 hours ago And prior to 1924 the immigration system was even worse than today's system. You could immigrate here from 1776-1923 without a passport, without a visa, and without any ID 🤣 Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS, btw permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 9 hours ago While its true the system did have less checks and balances in a modern sense, 1) this was a developing country so no third world leeches were coming here for the gibbs 2) youre conveniently forgetting it was nearly exclusively just the whites coming here Those two things ended up working out very well, as america became the greatest country in the world Who tf is ron the faggot btw lol permalink parent award report block reply tralbolh 3 points 9 hours ago Not to mention that the first census we didn't have a net male adult population(1950) was partially due to it(WWII did a bit of that, but not much because we didn't lose a huge amount of our population to war like Russia and Germany) Which was partially responsible for the late 40s and 50s being considered a family values golden age. (The stories I heard about the early forties and thirties from my grandparents in their old age did not indicate the good old days then or in their WWI generation parents, things were far more lowlife than they ever told their sheltered boomer kids about) permalink award report block reply Stolen 2 points 8 hours ago Population 1923 was 112 million, 140 million in 1945, and 191 million in 1964. We lost 1.3 million from WW1, Spanish Flu, and WW2. Americans aborted since 1973 are estimated at 63 million. Let's Make America Affordable Again. Get rid of the Aborting Progressive Alphabet gay shit and the native born will breed again. permalink award report block reply Crapachino 2 points 8 hours ago So Wernher von Braun worked from his home office in Germany? permalink award report block reply possibletower 1 points 9 hours ago And prior to 1924 the immigration system was even worse than today's system. You could immigrate here from 1776-1923 without a passport, without a visa, and without any ID 🤣 permalink award report block reply tralbolh 3 points 9 hours ago You find it shocking that they didn't require ID in a time when photographs were nonexistent(1776)? The first photo IDs appeared (and not government issued ones) in 1876. Immigration wasn't much of an issue before the steamship either. Also states originally had their own restrictions on top of the federal ones, they didn't preempt them until later. permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 3 points 9 hours ago How did we do that without h1bs from the greatest and most talented country in the world, India? permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 9 hours ago And prior to 1924 the immigration system was even worse than today's system. You could immigrate here from 1776-1923 without a passport, without a visa, and without any ID 🤣 Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS, btw permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 9 hours ago While its true the system did have less checks and balances in a modern sense, 1) this was a developing country so no third world leeches were coming here for the gibbs 2) youre conveniently forgetting it was nearly exclusively just the whites coming here Those two things ended up working out very well, as america became the greatest country in the world Who tf is ron the faggot btw lol permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -1 points 9 hours ago And prior to 1924 the immigration system was even worse than today's system. You could immigrate here from 1776-1923 without a passport, without a visa, and without any ID 🤣 Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS, btw permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 9 hours ago While its true the system did have less checks and balances in a modern sense, 1) this was a developing country so no third world leeches were coming here for the gibbs 2) youre conveniently forgetting it was nearly exclusively just the whites coming here Those two things ended up working out very well, as america became the greatest country in the world Who tf is ron the faggot btw lol permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 2 points 9 hours ago While its true the system did have less checks and balances in a modern sense, 1) this was a developing country so no third world leeches were coming here for the gibbs 2) youre conveniently forgetting it was nearly exclusively just the whites coming here Those two things ended up working out very well, as america became the greatest country in the world Who tf is ron the faggot btw lol permalink parent award report block reply
tralbolh 3 points 9 hours ago Not to mention that the first census we didn't have a net male adult population(1950) was partially due to it(WWII did a bit of that, but not much because we didn't lose a huge amount of our population to war like Russia and Germany) Which was partially responsible for the late 40s and 50s being considered a family values golden age. (The stories I heard about the early forties and thirties from my grandparents in their old age did not indicate the good old days then or in their WWI generation parents, things were far more lowlife than they ever told their sheltered boomer kids about) permalink award report block reply
Stolen 2 points 8 hours ago Population 1923 was 112 million, 140 million in 1945, and 191 million in 1964. We lost 1.3 million from WW1, Spanish Flu, and WW2. Americans aborted since 1973 are estimated at 63 million. Let's Make America Affordable Again. Get rid of the Aborting Progressive Alphabet gay shit and the native born will breed again. permalink award report block reply
Crapachino 2 points 8 hours ago So Wernher von Braun worked from his home office in Germany? permalink award report block reply
possibletower 1 points 9 hours ago And prior to 1924 the immigration system was even worse than today's system. You could immigrate here from 1776-1923 without a passport, without a visa, and without any ID 🤣 permalink award report block reply tralbolh 3 points 9 hours ago You find it shocking that they didn't require ID in a time when photographs were nonexistent(1776)? The first photo IDs appeared (and not government issued ones) in 1876. Immigration wasn't much of an issue before the steamship either. Also states originally had their own restrictions on top of the federal ones, they didn't preempt them until later. permalink parent award report block reply
tralbolh 3 points 9 hours ago You find it shocking that they didn't require ID in a time when photographs were nonexistent(1776)? The first photo IDs appeared (and not government issued ones) in 1876. Immigration wasn't much of an issue before the steamship either. Also states originally had their own restrictions on top of the federal ones, they didn't preempt them until later. permalink parent award report block reply