25 Black pill: “America is just like Weimar Germany”
Red pill: “America is just like Weimar Germany…” posted 4 hours ago by Redpilled2Depression 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Glory-Unto-God 4 points 4 hours ago Well we haven't reached child sex brothels and beastiality parlors yet but the trend line is certainly there. permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 4 hours ago Germany already has brothels that got raided for sex trafficking minors and plenty of sex trafficking is happening in the US. Weimar saw the first transgender surgeries and an explosion in drug use and depravity. I hope that when the US gets sick of it, we choose to just deport all the problem people. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 2 points 4 hours ago Yes but these were in the open and known with total legal protection. As for the ideology that carries it that would be the Frankfurt school which came here to the US during hitlers rise. Side note.
Deport? permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 1 points 4 hours ago Mass deportations have more public support, so long term it’ll be easier to implement permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 1 points 4 hours ago Until its bad enough all we have is half measures anyway. Fair enough. permalink parent award report block reply MrCuriousGuy513 1 points 4 hours ago I think we are far from Weimar Republic.
Only reason, no one forced these other countries to price their own mess in USD, thus we own financial plumbing for now. permalink award report block reply BonginosRac1stCowboy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 4 points 4 hours ago Well we haven't reached child sex brothels and beastiality parlors yet but the trend line is certainly there. permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 4 hours ago Germany already has brothels that got raided for sex trafficking minors and plenty of sex trafficking is happening in the US. Weimar saw the first transgender surgeries and an explosion in drug use and depravity. I hope that when the US gets sick of it, we choose to just deport all the problem people. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 2 points 4 hours ago Yes but these were in the open and known with total legal protection. As for the ideology that carries it that would be the Frankfurt school which came here to the US during hitlers rise. Side note.
Deport? permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 1 points 4 hours ago Mass deportations have more public support, so long term it’ll be easier to implement permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 1 points 4 hours ago Until its bad enough all we have is half measures anyway. Fair enough. permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 2 points 4 hours ago Germany already has brothels that got raided for sex trafficking minors and plenty of sex trafficking is happening in the US. Weimar saw the first transgender surgeries and an explosion in drug use and depravity. I hope that when the US gets sick of it, we choose to just deport all the problem people. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 2 points 4 hours ago Yes but these were in the open and known with total legal protection. As for the ideology that carries it that would be the Frankfurt school which came here to the US during hitlers rise. Side note.
Deport? permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 1 points 4 hours ago Mass deportations have more public support, so long term it’ll be easier to implement permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 1 points 4 hours ago Until its bad enough all we have is half measures anyway. Fair enough. permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 2 points 4 hours ago Yes but these were in the open and known with total legal protection. As for the ideology that carries it that would be the Frankfurt school which came here to the US during hitlers rise. Side note.
Deport? permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 1 points 4 hours ago Mass deportations have more public support, so long term it’ll be easier to implement permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 1 points 4 hours ago Until its bad enough all we have is half measures anyway. Fair enough. permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 1 points 4 hours ago Mass deportations have more public support, so long term it’ll be easier to implement permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 1 points 4 hours ago Until its bad enough all we have is half measures anyway. Fair enough. permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 1 points 4 hours ago Until its bad enough all we have is half measures anyway. Fair enough. permalink parent award report block reply
MrCuriousGuy513 1 points 4 hours ago I think we are far from Weimar Republic.
Only reason, no one forced these other countries to price their own mess in USD, thus we own financial plumbing for now. permalink award report block reply BonginosRac1stCowboy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
BonginosRac1stCowboy 1 points 4 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply