554 MAGA America blamed after Disney pulls out of Doctor Who deal (www.thenewdaily.com.au) posted 2 days ago by geekesmind 81 comments award share report block MAGA America blamed after Disney pulls out of Doctor Who deal MAGA American and so-called 'woke' casting have been blamed for Disney's decision to end its association with cult sci-fi show Doctor Who. www.thenewdaily.com.au
81 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Shitsbrokeyo 100 points 2 days ago Gay, trans and black in Dr. Who.   No one wants that shit, ratings down but it's MAGA's fault. permalink award report block reply DefKon1 50 points 2 days ago Fault? I doubt it was MAGA, but I'll take the Win! 🐸👍 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 2 days ago Satire exists permalink parent award report block reply Saltyminer11 7 points 1 day ago Me too. I say, not my fault  but thank you for the credit! permalink parent award report block reply bananaguard62 3 points 1 day ago We rubbed feces all over our sandwiches, and now THAT guy won't eat them. He's ruining our sandwich shop. Let's get him! permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 32 points 2 days ago By the way, Disney is an evil corporation. They hate Christianity, America, Trump, White people, and much more. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 10 points 1 day ago If Walt were still alive, he'd have none of that shit. Pity they villify him,  but the dead can't defend themselves. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 9 points 1 day ago Cohencidence! permalink parent award report block reply t-bone 4 points 1 day ago Who nose? permalink parent award report block reply they-see-me-trollin 9 points 1 day ago it was never about MAGA.  it was always about totalitarian power.  communism infects culture/media parasitically, and poisons it from the inside.  if the host survives, great, it's captured ground.  if the host fails, great, one less thing to compete with for attention in narratives. it's why they don't give a fuck that none of their own people even watch this shit. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 8 points 1 day ago Where's that black lesbian James Bond 007 we've been promised? Oh, that's right -- CANCELLED. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 1 day ago Dr. Who was always a kindly grandfatherly professorial nerd.  That's the character.   Different actors can play him, and have some deviation from that core.  Having athletic, hypersexual, or confrontational Doctors makes it a different tale. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... ColonelKlink 58 points 2 days ago Nah, it's the writers and faggots who ruined the show. permalink award report block reply JanOctSept 8 points 1 day ago Stephen Moffag is at least four or five Stephen Kings. That’s how stupidly woke he is. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 7 points 1 day ago I think you mean Russel T Davis. Moffat seemed to actually care about the show and resisted a lot of the bullshit ... RTD is the "we took Davros out of the wheelchair because we didn't want people to see 'disabled' as 'evil'" (paraphrasing). Next level idiotic bullshit. There was an interview with Moffat and RTD and RTD is arguing that the Tardis control panel could be put on the side, on a wall, and Moffat is basically saying that no, you idiot, it's in the center. Always. It was a friendly interview, so it was far more subtle than that, but it was there. Moffat cares about the legacy of the show. RTD did "The Timeless Child". Enough said. Edit: To be clear. Moffat is not some saint. The writing was taking a hit during Capaldi (despite him being a great Doctor), and he is in no way perfect, but he's far better than RTD v2. permalink parent award report block reply JanOctSept 2 points 1 day ago Ah shit my bad permalink parent award report block reply MissileToad 7 points 1 day ago Moffat was the head showrunner for Matt Smith's run (my favorite) which I didn't feel was all that woke, but I haven't really kept up. Isn't it more Russel T Davies? permalink parent award report block reply D__1 6 points 1 day ago ReTarD has totally ruined Dr. Who. permalink parent award report block reply Tulkas71 3 points 1 day ago Can't believe that that's the same guy that gave us Coupling permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 1 day ago The Screenwriters Guild Strikes Again. permalink parent award report block reply HairSniffer 2 points 1 day ago Do you mean that the writers are not faggots? permalink parent award report block reply no_public_id 32 points 2 days ago The show had become a huge pile of wokecraplesbopedogroomong. Its target audience noticed and left the building. Ordinarily i'd throw in a "go woke, go broke"  comment but it this case "suck shit and dye, Disney management" feels more appropriate permalink award report block reply FBIAREFAGGOTS 30 points 2 days ago "Lets take a sci-fi show with a white male lead role and make them gay black trannies. What could go wrong" permalink award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 1 day ago I'd be a perfect cast for that role! permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 6 points 1 day ago You sure would, Mike. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 9 points 1 day ago I know a famous author. He told me once "Authors either write what they know, or what they wished they knew. It's a fantasy for the writer and the reader." That would mean Disney = groomers and fags. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 6 points 1 day ago Don’t forget the hot woman sidekick. That was the only reason to watch that garbage. permalink parent award report block reply Slothboy 24 points 2 days ago They put a dude in a dress and made him cry constantly. Everyone right of extreme left hated it permalink award report block reply fazaman 11 points 1 day ago For those that don't know, pede is not exaggerating. He wore a skirt on several occasions and cried in almost every episode... Perhaps every. I didn't watch save for mocking reviews. permalink parent award report block reply Saxonlady 23 points 2 days ago If it was making enough money they wouldn't pull out. Blame is firmly at the writers feet. permalink award report block reply Easzq8 17 points 2 days ago Massive gay orgy in an English telephone booth Ok… but what does this have to with SciFi? “SciFi?” permalink award report block reply SoulSnipper 13 points 2 days ago Better headline "Dr Who commits suicide, 43% strikes again" permalink award report block reply PapaPepe 11 points 2 days ago So are we a small vocal minority or not? permalink award report block reply Dred27 9 points 1 day ago One less homo filled show. Disney sure does have a hard on for ruining beloved ips. permalink award report block reply Brandon1776 9 points 2 days ago So, now mods are pinning woke websites that clearly hate us? We are supposed to give a site like that clicks....must have been a jew who pinned it permalink award report block reply The_One_True_Bob 7 points 2 days ago Well, I guess we dodged a bullet on the first ever “Trans” Doctor. permalink award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco 14 points 2 days ago Nope. We got a trans doctor when he became a woman before the black gay doctor. We also had a trans villain Maestro played by Trans drag performer Jinkx Monsoon in 2024 (arguably the worst performance on television in any show ever) permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 5 points 1 day ago They had a full tranny plotline. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 6 points 2 days ago Good. Yes, I helped make this happen. permalink award report block reply Melodicgrog 6 points 1 day ago Dr who ended with Matt’s portrayal. After him the show went way down. permalink award report block reply Nancys_drooping_eye 5 points 1 day ago Yeah.  I couldn't stand the writing even when Capaldi took over.  Checked right tf out. permalink parent award report block reply Gyrfalcon 5 points 1 day ago Couldn't watch the Capaldi episodes. Tennant was my favorite current Who, but Tom Baker was my first and always. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 6 points 1 day ago Gay black transgender trans-Anglo post-human self-deified non-doctor Doctor, tries to add pedo-Disneyze to its credentials, and fails . And this is because "it doesn't Make America Great Again"... Ok. permalink award report block reply FlyCatcher94 4 points 1 day ago Right.  They pulled it because me we don’t want their lame faggot bullshit anymore. permalink parent award report block reply DeploraBen 5 points 2 days ago Now maybe it can be good again.  Maybe. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago MDWGA permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 3 points 1 day ago The first four Doctors were cool. But then the BBC ruined it. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 2 points 1 day ago Nope. The unawe cannot be revoked; even its retrospection cannot be entirely revoked (though it can be ignored). Woke destroys entire timelines of beauty. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 1 day ago Wokelek, daleks but incompetent. DEIleks, if you will. ;) permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 3 points 1 day ago DEIleks is perfect. No more robotic voice distortion, just ebonics. No more "exterminate!" just "racist!" And now they all have bared human butts sticking out. 🏳️‍🌈 Perfectly unwatchable. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 5 points 1 day ago I love Doctor Who. I used to be excited about the coming series, the next episode... I just couldn't stand it anymore. I gave up completely during the Whittaker era. The writing was just awful . The Timeless Child arc was an insult to the history of the show. I came back to watch the Tennant v2 episodes, because Tennant v1 was a great Doctor, but it sullied his legacy, and insulted the audience. After that. I just watched Disapu going over he episodes and laughing at them. Was far more entertaining. The show is dead. Horrible writing and woke bullshit killed it. If "Maga" killed it, then why are the ratings completely tanked? Surely half the country is plenty to keep the ratings up, no? permalink award report block reply FreedomLubber 2 points 1 day ago Not to mention all the UN and climate propaganda permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 2 points 1 day ago The show turned into one giant propaganda mill. There was basically no other story going on. permalink parent award report block reply Matehmateh 5 points 1 day ago The minority which represents less than 5% of the global population are complaining that the rest of the world don’t watch their gay sheeet. Wow permalink award report block reply KilroyJCNJ 4 points 1 day ago It started going to shit after Tom Baker hung up his scarf permalink award report block reply MissileToad 4 points 1 day ago Doctor Who was a very uniquely BRITISH creation and the Doctor should have a very iconic uniquely BRITISH identity as a white hetero British male. Heck, you want to try giving the show a really bold and interesting wrinkle? Make the Doctor also be a Christian... permalink award report block reply redinmn 4 points 1 day ago I got into science, tech, and foreign languages because of Doctor who back in the 80's as a kid.  My doctor was #4 Tom Baker.  I refuse to watch anything of the last couple and I dont feel like I have missed anything.  They destroyed the show, its history, and everything it taught kids. permalink award report block reply Tookens 4 points 1 day ago I used to be a huge Dr. Who fan. Used to be. permalink award report block reply ThouShallNotSteal 3 points 1 day ago Dr. Who Dat Nigga permalink award report block reply UltraMagaWA 3 points 1 day ago Disney is a child trafficking and entertainment company Targeting pedos for big money permalink award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 1 day ago Thank you for Noticing.....you are not wrong! permalink award report block reply Taupkek 3 points 1 day ago Make good TV and people will watch it. Make bad TV and they won't. It's a simple rule, not hard to follow or understand. Laughable that they find a way to blame Trump for this. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 3 points 1 day ago Maga America.... you mean normal everyday Americans? permalink award report block reply Caffeined 2 points 1 day ago Dr Who died when Chibnall took over writing and production. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 1 day ago Am I literally the only person who has never given a single fucking shit about Dr Who? permalink award report block reply MAGA-Fett 2 points 1 day ago “MAGA America”….sounds awesome. permalink award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 1 day ago Dr. What permalink award report block reply sorrytodisagree 2 points 1 day ago Guilty as charged.  You're welcome Britain.  #RIPDrWho permalink award report block reply Justjayce 2 points 1 day ago They put a chick in it and made it gay. I have plenty of non MAGA friends who couldn't stand the crap stories. They never look inward. permalink award report block reply RedCalifornia 1 points 1 day ago It’s afraid! permalink award report block reply schnazzmizzle 1 points 1 day ago "ThE mEsSaGe" https://youtu.be/6R_rl-lr6Y0?si permalink award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 1 day ago Historically Dr. Who has been a great show. The show runners terrible decisions changing that are just that... Their own decisions. People aren't obligated to like and watch crap. Make what people want. permalink award report block reply Bagsmasher 1 points 1 day ago Dr who is flamming Gay and stupid. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Fine. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 1 day ago DISNEY = PEDOPHILE. Walt disney was a pedophile. Do a deep dive. Also a 33° mason. What better way to feed your depravity than to open a "kingdom" for "children" permalink award report block reply geekesmind OP 1 points 1 day ago I mean in the picture what the hell is he even wearing? permalink award report block reply MatterThatMetals 1 points 1 day ago Cool. permalink award report block reply Covfefe_And_Justice 1 points 1 day ago Doctor Spook, he's in an epic battle against the Dayjobs who are bent on making all EBT Americans get a job. His Tardis is just called the Jobless. The interior is just an SSI office. permalink award report block reply Ferzth 1 points 1 day ago Do They say which (financial/cultural) hole MAGA pulled out of?  And did MAGA get checked for an STD? permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 100 points 2 days ago Gay, trans and black in Dr. Who.   No one wants that shit, ratings down but it's MAGA's fault. permalink award report block reply DefKon1 50 points 2 days ago Fault? I doubt it was MAGA, but I'll take the Win! 🐸👍 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 2 days ago Satire exists permalink parent award report block reply Saltyminer11 7 points 1 day ago Me too. I say, not my fault  but thank you for the credit! permalink parent award report block reply bananaguard62 3 points 1 day ago We rubbed feces all over our sandwiches, and now THAT guy won't eat them. He's ruining our sandwich shop. Let's get him! permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 32 points 2 days ago By the way, Disney is an evil corporation. They hate Christianity, America, Trump, White people, and much more. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 10 points 1 day ago If Walt were still alive, he'd have none of that shit. Pity they villify him,  but the dead can't defend themselves. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 9 points 1 day ago Cohencidence! permalink parent award report block reply t-bone 4 points 1 day ago Who nose? permalink parent award report block reply they-see-me-trollin 9 points 1 day ago it was never about MAGA.  it was always about totalitarian power.  communism infects culture/media parasitically, and poisons it from the inside.  if the host survives, great, it's captured ground.  if the host fails, great, one less thing to compete with for attention in narratives. it's why they don't give a fuck that none of their own people even watch this shit. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 8 points 1 day ago Where's that black lesbian James Bond 007 we've been promised? Oh, that's right -- CANCELLED. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 5 points 1 day ago Dr. Who was always a kindly grandfatherly professorial nerd.  That's the character.   Different actors can play him, and have some deviation from that core.  Having athletic, hypersexual, or confrontational Doctors makes it a different tale. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
DefKon1 50 points 2 days ago Fault? I doubt it was MAGA, but I'll take the Win! 🐸👍 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 2 days ago Satire exists permalink parent award report block reply Saltyminer11 7 points 1 day ago Me too. I say, not my fault  but thank you for the credit! permalink parent award report block reply bananaguard62 3 points 1 day ago We rubbed feces all over our sandwiches, and now THAT guy won't eat them. He's ruining our sandwich shop. Let's get him! permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 2 days ago Satire exists permalink parent award report block reply
Saltyminer11 7 points 1 day ago Me too. I say, not my fault  but thank you for the credit! permalink parent award report block reply
bananaguard62 3 points 1 day ago We rubbed feces all over our sandwiches, and now THAT guy won't eat them. He's ruining our sandwich shop. Let's get him! permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 32 points 2 days ago By the way, Disney is an evil corporation. They hate Christianity, America, Trump, White people, and much more. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 10 points 1 day ago If Walt were still alive, he'd have none of that shit. Pity they villify him,  but the dead can't defend themselves. permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 9 points 1 day ago Cohencidence! permalink parent award report block reply t-bone 4 points 1 day ago Who nose? permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 10 points 1 day ago If Walt were still alive, he'd have none of that shit. Pity they villify him,  but the dead can't defend themselves. permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 9 points 1 day ago Cohencidence! permalink parent award report block reply t-bone 4 points 1 day ago Who nose? permalink parent award report block reply
t-bone 4 points 1 day ago Who nose? permalink parent award report block reply
they-see-me-trollin 9 points 1 day ago it was never about MAGA.  it was always about totalitarian power.  communism infects culture/media parasitically, and poisons it from the inside.  if the host survives, great, it's captured ground.  if the host fails, great, one less thing to compete with for attention in narratives. it's why they don't give a fuck that none of their own people even watch this shit. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 8 points 1 day ago Where's that black lesbian James Bond 007 we've been promised? Oh, that's right -- CANCELLED. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 5 points 1 day ago Dr. Who was always a kindly grandfatherly professorial nerd.  That's the character.   Different actors can play him, and have some deviation from that core.  Having athletic, hypersexual, or confrontational Doctors makes it a different tale. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 58 points 2 days ago Nah, it's the writers and faggots who ruined the show. permalink award report block reply JanOctSept 8 points 1 day ago Stephen Moffag is at least four or five Stephen Kings. That’s how stupidly woke he is. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 7 points 1 day ago I think you mean Russel T Davis. Moffat seemed to actually care about the show and resisted a lot of the bullshit ... RTD is the "we took Davros out of the wheelchair because we didn't want people to see 'disabled' as 'evil'" (paraphrasing). Next level idiotic bullshit. There was an interview with Moffat and RTD and RTD is arguing that the Tardis control panel could be put on the side, on a wall, and Moffat is basically saying that no, you idiot, it's in the center. Always. It was a friendly interview, so it was far more subtle than that, but it was there. Moffat cares about the legacy of the show. RTD did "The Timeless Child". Enough said. Edit: To be clear. Moffat is not some saint. The writing was taking a hit during Capaldi (despite him being a great Doctor), and he is in no way perfect, but he's far better than RTD v2. permalink parent award report block reply JanOctSept 2 points 1 day ago Ah shit my bad permalink parent award report block reply MissileToad 7 points 1 day ago Moffat was the head showrunner for Matt Smith's run (my favorite) which I didn't feel was all that woke, but I haven't really kept up. Isn't it more Russel T Davies? permalink parent award report block reply D__1 6 points 1 day ago ReTarD has totally ruined Dr. Who. permalink parent award report block reply Tulkas71 3 points 1 day ago Can't believe that that's the same guy that gave us Coupling permalink parent award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 1 day ago The Screenwriters Guild Strikes Again. permalink parent award report block reply HairSniffer 2 points 1 day ago Do you mean that the writers are not faggots? permalink parent award report block reply
JanOctSept 8 points 1 day ago Stephen Moffag is at least four or five Stephen Kings. That’s how stupidly woke he is. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 7 points 1 day ago I think you mean Russel T Davis. Moffat seemed to actually care about the show and resisted a lot of the bullshit ... RTD is the "we took Davros out of the wheelchair because we didn't want people to see 'disabled' as 'evil'" (paraphrasing). Next level idiotic bullshit. There was an interview with Moffat and RTD and RTD is arguing that the Tardis control panel could be put on the side, on a wall, and Moffat is basically saying that no, you idiot, it's in the center. Always. It was a friendly interview, so it was far more subtle than that, but it was there. Moffat cares about the legacy of the show. RTD did "The Timeless Child". Enough said. Edit: To be clear. Moffat is not some saint. The writing was taking a hit during Capaldi (despite him being a great Doctor), and he is in no way perfect, but he's far better than RTD v2. permalink parent award report block reply JanOctSept 2 points 1 day ago Ah shit my bad permalink parent award report block reply MissileToad 7 points 1 day ago Moffat was the head showrunner for Matt Smith's run (my favorite) which I didn't feel was all that woke, but I haven't really kept up. Isn't it more Russel T Davies? permalink parent award report block reply D__1 6 points 1 day ago ReTarD has totally ruined Dr. Who. permalink parent award report block reply Tulkas71 3 points 1 day ago Can't believe that that's the same guy that gave us Coupling permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 7 points 1 day ago I think you mean Russel T Davis. Moffat seemed to actually care about the show and resisted a lot of the bullshit ... RTD is the "we took Davros out of the wheelchair because we didn't want people to see 'disabled' as 'evil'" (paraphrasing). Next level idiotic bullshit. There was an interview with Moffat and RTD and RTD is arguing that the Tardis control panel could be put on the side, on a wall, and Moffat is basically saying that no, you idiot, it's in the center. Always. It was a friendly interview, so it was far more subtle than that, but it was there. Moffat cares about the legacy of the show. RTD did "The Timeless Child". Enough said. Edit: To be clear. Moffat is not some saint. The writing was taking a hit during Capaldi (despite him being a great Doctor), and he is in no way perfect, but he's far better than RTD v2. permalink parent award report block reply JanOctSept 2 points 1 day ago Ah shit my bad permalink parent award report block reply
JanOctSept 2 points 1 day ago Ah shit my bad permalink parent award report block reply
MissileToad 7 points 1 day ago Moffat was the head showrunner for Matt Smith's run (my favorite) which I didn't feel was all that woke, but I haven't really kept up. Isn't it more Russel T Davies? permalink parent award report block reply D__1 6 points 1 day ago ReTarD has totally ruined Dr. Who. permalink parent award report block reply
D__1 6 points 1 day ago ReTarD has totally ruined Dr. Who. permalink parent award report block reply
Tulkas71 3 points 1 day ago Can't believe that that's the same guy that gave us Coupling permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 3 points 1 day ago The Screenwriters Guild Strikes Again. permalink parent award report block reply
HairSniffer 2 points 1 day ago Do you mean that the writers are not faggots? permalink parent award report block reply
no_public_id 32 points 2 days ago The show had become a huge pile of wokecraplesbopedogroomong. Its target audience noticed and left the building. Ordinarily i'd throw in a "go woke, go broke"  comment but it this case "suck shit and dye, Disney management" feels more appropriate permalink award report block reply
FBIAREFAGGOTS 30 points 2 days ago "Lets take a sci-fi show with a white male lead role and make them gay black trannies. What could go wrong" permalink award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 1 day ago I'd be a perfect cast for that role! permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 6 points 1 day ago You sure would, Mike. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 9 points 1 day ago I know a famous author. He told me once "Authors either write what they know, or what they wished they knew. It's a fantasy for the writer and the reader." That would mean Disney = groomers and fags. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 6 points 1 day ago Don’t forget the hot woman sidekick. That was the only reason to watch that garbage. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 1 day ago I'd be a perfect cast for that role! permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 6 points 1 day ago You sure would, Mike. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 6 points 1 day ago You sure would, Mike. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 9 points 1 day ago I know a famous author. He told me once "Authors either write what they know, or what they wished they knew. It's a fantasy for the writer and the reader." That would mean Disney = groomers and fags. permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 6 points 1 day ago Don’t forget the hot woman sidekick. That was the only reason to watch that garbage. permalink parent award report block reply
Slothboy 24 points 2 days ago They put a dude in a dress and made him cry constantly. Everyone right of extreme left hated it permalink award report block reply fazaman 11 points 1 day ago For those that don't know, pede is not exaggerating. He wore a skirt on several occasions and cried in almost every episode... Perhaps every. I didn't watch save for mocking reviews. permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 11 points 1 day ago For those that don't know, pede is not exaggerating. He wore a skirt on several occasions and cried in almost every episode... Perhaps every. I didn't watch save for mocking reviews. permalink parent award report block reply
Saxonlady 23 points 2 days ago If it was making enough money they wouldn't pull out. Blame is firmly at the writers feet. permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 17 points 2 days ago Massive gay orgy in an English telephone booth Ok… but what does this have to with SciFi? “SciFi?” permalink award report block reply
SoulSnipper 13 points 2 days ago Better headline "Dr Who commits suicide, 43% strikes again" permalink award report block reply
PapaPepe 11 points 2 days ago So are we a small vocal minority or not? permalink award report block reply
Dred27 9 points 1 day ago One less homo filled show. Disney sure does have a hard on for ruining beloved ips. permalink award report block reply
Brandon1776 9 points 2 days ago So, now mods are pinning woke websites that clearly hate us? We are supposed to give a site like that clicks....must have been a jew who pinned it permalink award report block reply
The_One_True_Bob 7 points 2 days ago Well, I guess we dodged a bullet on the first ever “Trans” Doctor. permalink award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco 14 points 2 days ago Nope. We got a trans doctor when he became a woman before the black gay doctor. We also had a trans villain Maestro played by Trans drag performer Jinkx Monsoon in 2024 (arguably the worst performance on television in any show ever) permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 5 points 1 day ago They had a full tranny plotline. permalink parent award report block reply
DemPanicAtTheDisco 14 points 2 days ago Nope. We got a trans doctor when he became a woman before the black gay doctor. We also had a trans villain Maestro played by Trans drag performer Jinkx Monsoon in 2024 (arguably the worst performance on television in any show ever) permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 5 points 1 day ago They had a full tranny plotline. permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 6 points 2 days ago Good. Yes, I helped make this happen. permalink award report block reply
Melodicgrog 6 points 1 day ago Dr who ended with Matt’s portrayal. After him the show went way down. permalink award report block reply Nancys_drooping_eye 5 points 1 day ago Yeah.  I couldn't stand the writing even when Capaldi took over.  Checked right tf out. permalink parent award report block reply Gyrfalcon 5 points 1 day ago Couldn't watch the Capaldi episodes. Tennant was my favorite current Who, but Tom Baker was my first and always. permalink parent award report block reply
Nancys_drooping_eye 5 points 1 day ago Yeah.  I couldn't stand the writing even when Capaldi took over.  Checked right tf out. permalink parent award report block reply Gyrfalcon 5 points 1 day ago Couldn't watch the Capaldi episodes. Tennant was my favorite current Who, but Tom Baker was my first and always. permalink parent award report block reply
Gyrfalcon 5 points 1 day ago Couldn't watch the Capaldi episodes. Tennant was my favorite current Who, but Tom Baker was my first and always. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 6 points 1 day ago Gay black transgender trans-Anglo post-human self-deified non-doctor Doctor, tries to add pedo-Disneyze to its credentials, and fails . And this is because "it doesn't Make America Great Again"... Ok. permalink award report block reply FlyCatcher94 4 points 1 day ago Right.  They pulled it because me we don’t want their lame faggot bullshit anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
FlyCatcher94 4 points 1 day ago Right.  They pulled it because me we don’t want their lame faggot bullshit anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
DeploraBen 5 points 2 days ago Now maybe it can be good again.  Maybe. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago MDWGA permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 3 points 1 day ago The first four Doctors were cool. But then the BBC ruined it. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 2 points 1 day ago Nope. The unawe cannot be revoked; even its retrospection cannot be entirely revoked (though it can be ignored). Woke destroys entire timelines of beauty. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 1 day ago Wokelek, daleks but incompetent. DEIleks, if you will. ;) permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 3 points 1 day ago DEIleks is perfect. No more robotic voice distortion, just ebonics. No more "exterminate!" just "racist!" And now they all have bared human butts sticking out. 🏳️‍🌈 Perfectly unwatchable. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago MDWGA permalink parent award report block reply Calumet57 3 points 1 day ago The first four Doctors were cool. But then the BBC ruined it. permalink parent award report block reply
Calumet57 3 points 1 day ago The first four Doctors were cool. But then the BBC ruined it. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 1 day ago Nope. The unawe cannot be revoked; even its retrospection cannot be entirely revoked (though it can be ignored). Woke destroys entire timelines of beauty. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 1 day ago Wokelek, daleks but incompetent. DEIleks, if you will. ;) permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 3 points 1 day ago DEIleks is perfect. No more robotic voice distortion, just ebonics. No more "exterminate!" just "racist!" And now they all have bared human butts sticking out. 🏳️‍🌈 Perfectly unwatchable. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 1 day ago Wokelek, daleks but incompetent. DEIleks, if you will. ;) permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 3 points 1 day ago DEIleks is perfect. No more robotic voice distortion, just ebonics. No more "exterminate!" just "racist!" And now they all have bared human butts sticking out. 🏳️‍🌈 Perfectly unwatchable. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 3 points 1 day ago DEIleks is perfect. No more robotic voice distortion, just ebonics. No more "exterminate!" just "racist!" And now they all have bared human butts sticking out. 🏳️‍🌈 Perfectly unwatchable. permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 5 points 1 day ago I love Doctor Who. I used to be excited about the coming series, the next episode... I just couldn't stand it anymore. I gave up completely during the Whittaker era. The writing was just awful . The Timeless Child arc was an insult to the history of the show. I came back to watch the Tennant v2 episodes, because Tennant v1 was a great Doctor, but it sullied his legacy, and insulted the audience. After that. I just watched Disapu going over he episodes and laughing at them. Was far more entertaining. The show is dead. Horrible writing and woke bullshit killed it. If "Maga" killed it, then why are the ratings completely tanked? Surely half the country is plenty to keep the ratings up, no? permalink award report block reply FreedomLubber 2 points 1 day ago Not to mention all the UN and climate propaganda permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 2 points 1 day ago The show turned into one giant propaganda mill. There was basically no other story going on. permalink parent award report block reply
FreedomLubber 2 points 1 day ago Not to mention all the UN and climate propaganda permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 2 points 1 day ago The show turned into one giant propaganda mill. There was basically no other story going on. permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 2 points 1 day ago The show turned into one giant propaganda mill. There was basically no other story going on. permalink parent award report block reply
Matehmateh 5 points 1 day ago The minority which represents less than 5% of the global population are complaining that the rest of the world don’t watch their gay sheeet. Wow permalink award report block reply
KilroyJCNJ 4 points 1 day ago It started going to shit after Tom Baker hung up his scarf permalink award report block reply
MissileToad 4 points 1 day ago Doctor Who was a very uniquely BRITISH creation and the Doctor should have a very iconic uniquely BRITISH identity as a white hetero British male. Heck, you want to try giving the show a really bold and interesting wrinkle? Make the Doctor also be a Christian... permalink award report block reply
redinmn 4 points 1 day ago I got into science, tech, and foreign languages because of Doctor who back in the 80's as a kid.  My doctor was #4 Tom Baker.  I refuse to watch anything of the last couple and I dont feel like I have missed anything.  They destroyed the show, its history, and everything it taught kids. permalink award report block reply
Tookens 4 points 1 day ago I used to be a huge Dr. Who fan. Used to be. permalink award report block reply
ThouShallNotSteal 3 points 1 day ago Dr. Who Dat Nigga permalink award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 3 points 1 day ago Disney is a child trafficking and entertainment company Targeting pedos for big money permalink award report block reply
chahn1138 3 points 1 day ago Thank you for Noticing.....you are not wrong! permalink award report block reply
Taupkek 3 points 1 day ago Make good TV and people will watch it. Make bad TV and they won't. It's a simple rule, not hard to follow or understand. Laughable that they find a way to blame Trump for this. permalink award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 3 points 1 day ago Maga America.... you mean normal everyday Americans? permalink award report block reply
Caffeined 2 points 1 day ago Dr Who died when Chibnall took over writing and production. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 1 day ago Am I literally the only person who has never given a single fucking shit about Dr Who? permalink award report block reply
MAGA-Fett 2 points 1 day ago “MAGA America”….sounds awesome. permalink award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 2 points 1 day ago Dr. What permalink award report block reply
sorrytodisagree 2 points 1 day ago Guilty as charged.  You're welcome Britain.  #RIPDrWho permalink award report block reply
Justjayce 2 points 1 day ago They put a chick in it and made it gay. I have plenty of non MAGA friends who couldn't stand the crap stories. They never look inward. permalink award report block reply
RedCalifornia 1 points 1 day ago It’s afraid! permalink award report block reply
schnazzmizzle 1 points 1 day ago "ThE mEsSaGe" https://youtu.be/6R_rl-lr6Y0?si permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 1 day ago Historically Dr. Who has been a great show. The show runners terrible decisions changing that are just that... Their own decisions. People aren't obligated to like and watch crap. Make what people want. permalink award report block reply
Bagsmasher 1 points 1 day ago Dr who is flamming Gay and stupid. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 1 day ago Fine. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 1 points 1 day ago DISNEY = PEDOPHILE. Walt disney was a pedophile. Do a deep dive. Also a 33° mason. What better way to feed your depravity than to open a "kingdom" for "children" permalink award report block reply
geekesmind OP 1 points 1 day ago I mean in the picture what the hell is he even wearing? permalink award report block reply
MatterThatMetals 1 points 1 day ago Cool. permalink award report block reply
Covfefe_And_Justice 1 points 1 day ago Doctor Spook, he's in an epic battle against the Dayjobs who are bent on making all EBT Americans get a job. His Tardis is just called the Jobless. The interior is just an SSI office. permalink award report block reply
Ferzth 1 points 1 day ago Do They say which (financial/cultural) hole MAGA pulled out of?  And did MAGA get checked for an STD? permalink award report block reply