1635 Daily Reminder: Islam is not a race posted 7 days ago by 33KYogaEmails 184 comments award share download report block
184 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save AVeryNakedMan 66 points 7 days ago If they call you racist and you try to defend against it, you've already lost. The media and all the normie retards will just associate you with being racist. Instead, you need to go on the attack and explain all of the terrible shit they are responsible for, and how it's 1000x worse than being racist. permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 39 points 7 days ago "You're just a racist!" Yes, I am a racist.  Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting religion founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. "RRRRREEEEEEEEE!" permalink parent award report block reply midgetpornrocks 25 points 7 days ago The proper response is, "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply BaguettesOfRudysSUB 9 points 7 days ago Or force feeding those ragheads pork products. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 6 days ago And now we change ""ISLAM"" with ""ISRAEL"" or with ""JEWS"", and presto change-o, we are in the wrong again... Right??? But for the exact same reasons.... permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 8 points 7 days ago DEATH TO ISLAM ☠️👉🕋☪️ permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 4 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT!!! permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 4 points 7 days ago Point out how they're deceitfully using name calling to cover up a deep hatred. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 7 days ago The properer response is “Who the fuck isn’t?”. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 2 points 7 days ago And permalink parent award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 7 points 7 days ago “You are racist” Thank you for noticing permalink parent award report block reply PitfallHarry 5 points 7 days ago Dr Oz is very offended. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 4 points 7 days ago Yes, I am a racist. Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting... Political system masquerading as a ...Religion  founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 9 points 7 days ago Call me whatever you want. I.  Do. Not.  Care. I will proudly proclaim my racism and hate for mudslime goat fuckers. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 4 points 7 days ago After all, we’ve seen what makes them cheer. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. The goal is keeping your livelihood in power. Otherwise, they’re to ensure you lose both, and then you’re out of peaceful options for fighting this issue. Some of these response are going to get peoples’ lives ruined, and most of them don’t respond the way they’re telling everyone else to. This is why ANTIFA is stands for “Anti-fascist”. If they said “We’re organized Communist terrorists!”, they’d have been stopped long ago. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. Yes, just dodge the attack and hit them with a bigger one. permalink parent award report block reply ProbablyASockAccount 1 points 7 days ago Communist USA literally still exists openly. Proclaiming themselves Communists would change nothing. permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 4 points 7 days ago Yes.  NEVER RESPOND TO THEIR VERBAL ATTACKS WITH DEFENSE.   Always TAKE THE OFFENSE WITH THESE FUCKERS. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 7 days ago Or, just be a racist like everyone other non-White on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 35 points 7 days ago This meme is fucking gay now. “Stop calling me racist.”
How about stop playing right into the hands of our Alinski trained enemies, you fucking faggots. permalink award report block reply RadicalCovfefe 19 points 7 days ago Exactly right.  Pearl clutching against racism is gay.  "Oh noes, I have to defend my public reputation!"  Meanwhile, Muslims chop off the heads of Americans. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 7 points 7 days ago Or blacks stab you in the neck. Or jews fleece your entire nation and everything in it. Or Mexicans make tacos and have sexy chicks. Or Asians beat you at starcraft. There is nothing wrong with racism. It's a biological survival mechanism. permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 1 points 7 days ago lemao permalink parent award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 8 points 7 days ago I just own it. They call me a racist? Cool. I’m a racist. Big deal. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 7 days ago I just tell them that I'm only as racist as your average black woman. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 7 days ago Just say "You likely don't even know what racism is. You are ignorant on a host of issues." permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 7 points 7 days ago I'd rather just say "I've seen what you guys think isn't racist" and move on. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 7 days ago Even better! Charles was murdered. We should keep that in mind, ALWAYS. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 4 points 7 days ago I’ll stick to “yes”. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 4 points 7 days ago It really shuts them up.  They don't know what to say when you just own it. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 1 points 7 days ago Not to mention people not noticing who opens the gates for invaders. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAfarmer 31 points 7 days ago Same deal with Judaism, I'm not a racist for realizing Christianity and Judaism are antithetical to each other. permalink award report block reply Spindle-spin 7 points 7 days ago Yup, we're not being racist. That's called being antisemitic, and as far as I'm aware, it's perfectly legal. Freedom of speech. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 13 points 7 days ago Countersemitic permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 8 points 7 days ago Arabs are semites, too. It's based on the descendants of Shem. It's the people who are from the Middle East. But the Ashkenazis are actually not semites, as they are actually Caucasian. They are from Ashkenaz. Yiddish isn't even a Hebrew dialect, it's a Germanic language often written in the Hebrew script. It's like writing Japanese in English script: it's still Japanese, not English. permalink parent award report block reply Brother_Bill 2 points 6 days ago Sons of Japheth UNITE! permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago I'm an adopted brother of Jesus Christ, Yeshua of Nazareth. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -10 points 7 days ago This is false. Arabs are not semites. Only leftists believe that. Askhenazis are part of Judaism, like mizrahis and sephardis, Hebrew is still a spoken language in the world and the legal language of Israel. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 8 points 7 days ago Oh look, it's this faggot again. Look JIDF, fuck off. We're against non-Christian religions. This includes you . You have lost. Your employers have lost. All you had to do was not try to work hand-in-hand with the mudslimes to destroy western civilization. So yes, I'm an antisemite and I include the other subhumans in that classification - Arabs too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gustodog 6 points 7 days ago So why did many of them choose to change their names when moving to Israel? Why Netanyahu rather than Mileikowsky? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Megaboom2025 2 points 7 days ago We are racist for realizing it and I’m tired of pretending that we’re not. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 7 days ago Judaism is literally an ethnicity. No one thinks atheist Woody Allen isn’t Jewish. No one thinks convert Ivanka Trump is Jewish. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -9 points 7 days ago Judaism is an ethnoreligion. DNA proves that Jews are a subset of Caucasians who has specific genetic markers. Judaism and Christianity are interlinked, the most important person in Christianity, Jesus, was Jewish and zionist. The Bible, about half of it, is the Torah. Cry harder, and when you film it and post it here. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 6 points 7 days ago the most important person in Christianity, Jesus Is hated by jews, who say is in hell burning in feces. The jew is the Christians greatest enemy, and your post is their typical subversion against it. Jesus was not a jew, he was the Son of God. He went to the most evil place on earth, with the most sin and vile humans to try and save them. Instead of recognizing his divinity, as the Romans, Greeks, and entire rest of the world did, the jews killed him. Which was part of the plan, because God knew that only the children of Satan, would kill such a perfect person. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -6 points 7 days ago Wrong. He is not hated by Jews. This shows that the only place in the world where Christianity is growing is in Israel. And Israel continues to protect Christian structures and history in its country. Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He preached Judaism, and the first Christians were Jews. To the point they used Synagogues to pray. Quite clear you know nothing of Christianity. Are you muslim? You sound like one. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 0 points 6 days ago Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He was the Son of God, and went to worst place on earth, the place that needed redemption the most, because he knew only the vile jews would kill him. God hates you jews, because jews rejected his message. This is why you suffer, while White people, God's chosen people, are blessed in the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... realPhantomFuck 19 points 7 days ago Islam is a political ideology masquerading as a religion permalink award report block reply American-Free-Man 7 points 7 days ago And Sharia is the law that enforces that ideology. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 5 points 7 days ago Judeo-communism is a religion disguised as a political ideology permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 14 points 7 days ago lol they wanna be like the jews, which is just hilarious in its irony. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 10 points 7 days ago And it'll work on the suicidal empathy whites (especially the young women) , unfortunately permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 7 days ago White women have been trained to hate only the white patriarchy aka their dads. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 1 points 7 days ago 99.99% jews (as in religious) are jews (ethnically), atheist jews are also jews permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 11 points 7 days ago Without lies Islam dies permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 10 points 7 days ago Im a bigot. Im comfortable with that. I do not hate people for things they are born with and cannot help. I hate people for their choices. I hate people who choose to denigrate Jesus Christ. I hate people who persecute Christians. I hate people who choose to use violence against the innocent and threats of violence to intimidate the innocent, I hate people who choose to oppose western values and culture, I hate people who chose tyranny over freedom, I hate people who choose collectivism over individual freedom, I hate cultures who choose to allow rape. I hate cultures who choose to allow pedophilia, I hate people who choose to come to the land my forefathers conquered and seek to steal my children's birthright. I love my Lord, I love my family, I love my nation, I love our western heritage. That makes me a bigot. permalink award report block reply Krampus5150 -8 points 7 days ago And that's where you and I differ. I despise Christianity and ALL organized religion. It's entire purpose is to control a society under a set of rules written by man. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 7 days ago Wow so edgy, you should post your wisdom to reddit permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 5 points 7 days ago Christianity, and organized religion are two very different things. Christians are responsible for western civilization. Organized religion is destroying western civilization. permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 0 points 6 days ago Sorry but Christianity is an organized religion clown. It's all bullshit, fairytale hogwash designed to make people who can't use their brains feel comfortable. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 7 days ago Those 10 commandments are a doozy aren’t they 😐 permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 1 points 6 days ago Normal shit to live by written down by man. No fucking fairy in the sky gave you shit. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 1 points 6 days ago Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself, be well…. You’ll need it permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Aquamine-Amarine 7 points 7 days ago It's not a religion either. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 6 points 7 days ago It is a cancer. permalink award report block reply Yheymos 6 points 7 days ago Communism, Nazism, Fascism, Wokeism, Islamism. All the same shit. All authoritarian, culty, evil governing systems that are disguised in various ways to trick people into following them. permalink award report block reply fox86 6 points 7 days ago i don't think the argument is that it's a "race" i think it's that it is a "religion" vs an "ideology" permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 3 points 7 days ago Accurate - Islam plays the 'we are a religion piece' so hard to get acceptance permalink parent award report block reply drmrboy 6 points 7 days ago Jewish is a religion ... not a race.  🤓 permalink award report block reply ZohanDvir 0 points 7 days ago It's an ethnoreligion.  It is both an ethnicity, a subset of Caucasians and a religion. Why bring Judaism in this? Are you Qatari bots butthurt that people are noticing your Islamic pedo worship? permalink parent award report block reply OMC-RADIO 5 points 7 days ago Fuck islam and its demonic cult. permalink award report block reply Bearing51 5 points 7 days ago I don't care if these retards call me a racist. permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaVapeAgain 5 points 7 days ago i am curious to see how the islamists will play it now that they are pretty much tied to the democrats. will they abide by the secularism of the left or break away? permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 5 points 7 days ago Islam is not a race.  It's a slow steady march. permalink award report block reply magapatriot_pa 5 points 7 days ago It's a brown person's religion. Whites worship Jesus Christ permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 7 days ago Nope, it is a pedophile perverse rape and wife enslaving cult that even White Irish are joining because of the sick rules of life it enshrines.. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 7 days ago Where does Christianity orginate? Israel. Was Jesus white or brown? permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 5 points 7 days ago White permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -2 points 7 days ago Stop looking at your medieval pictures. He was brown. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 9 points 7 days ago He's been White in every picture I've ever seen of Him. Plus He knew His Father permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... FutureFreemason 2 points 7 days ago Alexa please define migration permalink parent award report block reply Grond999 1 points 7 days ago In Europe alone, it is estimated that at least 100,000 white Europeans are Islamic. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 3 points 7 days ago In a lot of these statistics, desert-dwelling rapefugees are counted as "White". Or "Asian", whatever is more convenient at the time to cover up the fact that they're desert-dwellers permalink parent award report block reply Grond999 1 points 7 days ago You really have no idea do you. Plenty of white people are Muslim. Islam is not a race. Christianity is not a race either. All of it comes out of the Middle East. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply AnnieMm 4 points 7 days ago And satanism is not a religion. permalink award report block reply barwhack 4 points 7 days ago Neither is faggotry. permalink award report block reply BillboDickens 4 points 7 days ago Boomer post, I don’t give a shit if some Muslim apologist thinks I’m racist. permalink award report block reply MisterMAGA 4 points 7 days ago Everyone is racist. It’s natural and normal. Either all races are the same and it’s just a made up concept, or there are differences meaning some are better than others in various ways. I can’t dunk a basketball or be a math competition champion or fuck a goat, and that’s okay. permalink award report block reply forcedaspiration 4 points 7 days ago Islam is a mental retardation permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 4 points 7 days ago It is the cult of Mohammad the perverse murdering pedophile that died by poisoning from one of his woman slaves.. Compare the cult of Islam/Mo with the religion of Christianity using the dictionary for cult and religion and see which is closer to the definitions of them.. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard -6 points 7 days ago Christianity also started as a cult. Some Guy says hes the Son of God at a time when everyone followed Judaism permalink parent award report block reply Retard_Strength 4 points 7 days ago these guys look really weird not screaming about some stupid shit, with spittle flying out of their mouths permalink award report block reply mailinvoter 4 points 7 days ago Didn't the globohomos come up with "islamaphobe" due to that fact?  Funny, when I look at those photos, all I see is "goat fucker", "goat fucker", "goat fucker", and "goat fucker". permalink award report block reply FlyCatcher94 4 points 7 days ago Actually it’s a governmental system disguised as a religion. permalink award report block reply Tonz 3 points 7 days ago The reason we lose is so many people care about what others say or think of them. Why!? Psycho dems dont. permalink award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 3 points 7 days ago Why do you care about being called a racist permalink award report block reply mygovisacommie 3 points 7 days ago If criticizing Islam is racism, then so is criticizing Christianity. permalink award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 3 points 7 days ago Trust me, there's plenty of other things they try to call me racist for, too. permalink award report block reply LordStirling 3 points 7 days ago Same with judaism permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 3 points 7 days ago Its also impossible to be "islama phobic " permalink award report block reply cornpop_1988 3 points 7 days ago Moon worship has been practiced in Arabia since 2000 BC. The crescent moon is the most common symbol of this pagan moon worship as far back as 2000 BC.
In Mecca, there was a god named Hubal who was Lord of the Kabah.
This Hubal was a moon god.
One Muslim apologist confessed that the idol of moon god Hubal was placed upon the roof of the Kaba about 400 years before Muhammad. This may in fact be the origin of why the crescent moon is on top of every minaret at the Kaba today and the central symbol of Islam atop of every mosque throughout the world:
About four hundred years before the birth of Muhammad one Amr bin Lahyo ... a descendant of Qahtan and king of Hijaz, had put an idol called Hubal on the roof of the Kaba. This was one of the chief deities of the Quraish before Islam. (Muhammad The Holy Prophet, Hafiz Ghulam Sarwar (Pakistan), p 18-19, Muslim)
The moon god was also referred to as "al-ilah". This is not a proper name of a single specific god, but a generic reference meaning "the god". Each local pagan Arab tribe would refer to their own local tribal pagan god as "al-ilah".
"al-ilah" was later shortened to Allah before Muhammad began promoting his new religion in 610 AD.
There is evidence that Hubal was referred to as "Allah".
When Muhammad came along, he dropped all references to the name "Hubal" but retained the generic "Allah".
Muhammad retained almost all the pagan rituals of the Arabs at the Kaba and redefined them in monotheistic terms.
Regardless of the specifics of the facts, it is clear that Islam is derived from paganism that once worshiped a moon-god. Source: https://www.bible.ca/islam/islam-moon-god.htm#:~:text=Introduction%20to%20basic%20facts%20of,new%20religion%20in%20610%20AD . permalink award report block reply Lol_Garrus 3 points 7 days ago Stop whining about what people who want you dead will call you. permalink award report block reply DingDongDitch 3 points 7 days ago Its not a religion either, its a political party permalink award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 2 points 7 days ago Now do jews. permalink award report block reply cptkloss5 2 points 7 days ago what's wrong with criticizing races? blacks are dumb permalink award report block reply Krampus5150 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 7 days ago Stop being a faggot and caring, call me racist all you want. I’m ready for a white Christian nation again. permalink award report block reply RadicalCovfefe 2 points 7 days ago Lol what even is this post?  Islam is barabarism- not an idea.  Kek, there is not an idea in the mind of someone that has sex with goats. permalink award report block reply Seldom_Seen_Kid 2 points 7 days ago Thank you!! permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 7 days ago Who cares if you're a racist. permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 7 days ago Official phrase on Islam ISLAM IS  AN ALL ENCOMPASSING TOTALITARIAN POLITICAL IDEOLOGY INCOMPATIBLE WITH WESTERN IDEALS OF FREEDOM. by definition it can not "coexist" equally- it must subdue everyone everywhere, and as such it is a clear and present danger to freedoms permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 7 days ago You’re also allowed to be racist, so quit being a pussy faggot. permalink award report block reply Illah88zillah 2 points 6 days ago Islam is Trash, I REBUKE the false narrative of Islam in the Holy name of Jesus Christ our King! There is but one God and he has a son named Jesus. John 14:6 “Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.” permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 7 days ago Amen permalink award report block reply SeeFreeDJ 2 points 7 days ago If we live in a free society, then we are also allowed to openly discuss and criticize race. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 2 points 7 days ago Now do jews permalink award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 2 points 7 days ago Seems more like the way they act and talk, they're "Ameriphobic", no? permalink award report block reply BillyBobJimmyJoe 2 points 7 days ago If you aren't proudly embracing being a 'racist', then you have no place in this movement.  In fact, you're more dangerous to us than the enemy is. permalink award report block reply QSWO1 2 points 7 days ago Correct if you use their definitions. permalink parent award report block reply SomecatsareMAGA 2 points 7 days ago A state. Bad one at that. permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 7 days ago Islam is what LE wants to implement. permalink award report block reply TreeTop300 2 points 7 days ago Also, it isn't Islamophobia, it's Islamaware.... make it stick permalink award report block reply 1777 2 points 7 days ago I love a Truth Social post. permalink award report block reply FreedomFromGovt 1 points 7 days ago It's not a religion, it's a totalitarian mind virus. permalink award report block reply JackAubreyRN 1 points 7 days ago A set of ideas masquerading as a religion. permalink award report block reply roflcopt0rz_returns 1 points 7 days ago As shitty as Islam is, they wouldn’t be a problem if we stopped bombing the shit out of them and sucking Israel’s dick. If we got out of the Middle East and let israel figure their own shit out, the Muslims would stop giving us shit. permalink award report block reply Khryn_Tzu 1 points 7 days ago I get screamed at on a near daily basis for expressing people they need to repent and accept Jesus. I am under a divine command to call out Islam. permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 7 days ago Color vision be racist yo. permalink award report block reply RobinNet 1 points 7 days ago Nor are the beanie wearers Semites, Israelites or Hebrews. permalink award report block reply current_horror 1 points 7 days ago Daily reminder: the most dangerous and destructive Muslims are non-white. Be racist. Everyone else is. It’s the only way you will survive. permalink award report block reply FreeCommieUFORides 1 points 7 days ago It’s a set of ideas that are the product of a dirty brown arab race. Islam is downstream of Arab genes.
Anti-Islamism is racist. That’s why anti-islamism is based. permalink award report block reply TerrorAndSlaughter 1 points 7 days ago Muslims are a race according to Muslims.  As least in that they have strong tribal identity, preference for their own, and dehumanizing regard for kafirs. permalink award report block reply bagel_fragility 1 points 7 days ago so, a cancer. permalink award report block reply ShitAss 1 points 6 days ago The correct response to being called racist is “lmao ok faggot”. If you think you can “ayckchully” your way out of this still, you are going to lose forever. permalink award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 7 days ago It’s also retarded permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 7 days ago Photo of my penis: not muslim permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 7 days ago mostly arabs tho right? permalink award report block reply CaptainTrouble 1 points 7 days ago Make no mistake though, converting to Islam if the majority race is not your race won't save you. And even if the majority race is your race, it still won't be beneficial to you and your race to switch to Islam. All non-Whites must be deported from NA and Europe. permalink award report block reply BillyBobJimmyJoe 1 points 7 days ago Midwit post, you just don't get it.  It's ALL about race, and if you can't acknowledge that and fight for your own people.... then we will continue to lose. permalink award report block reply Sipow 1 points 6 days ago Yeah.  It is more appropriate to call it a species than a race.   White, black and Asian are races.  Human, dog, pig, and Islam are species. permalink award report block reply Trump2024 1 points 7 days ago It alone doesn't make me a racist or a bigot. I AM a racist and a bigot not just because I have muslims permalink award report block reply donkeyKang 1 points 7 days ago Logic doesn't work anyway. Not much does. Just keep on keepin' on. Say what you need to say. permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 1 points 7 days ago It's more than a set of ideas, it's an evil terrorist pedophile cult that harms and kills people. Bad things should be called out. Tell the truth. permalink award report block reply ApathySK 1 points 7 days ago Daily reminder if someone calls you a racist, you'll get further if you simply accept it. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 1 points 7 days ago Guess what.... Black isn't a race either... Neither is Chinese, white, brown, etc. "Human" is the race with different categories.  It would be more accurate to call somebody a categoryist than it would be to call them a racist permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 6 days ago Islam is the most successful sex cult permalink award report block reply nautilus 1 points 6 days ago PSSST!! It's not a religion either! permalink award report block reply bemac 1 points 7 days ago Those AI images are all way too clean. Add more dirt and cousin DNA. permalink award report block reply Diversity_Fire 1 points 7 days ago It's not a race, it's a mental disorder permalink award report block reply pedeypete 1 points 7 days ago Just people who want to fuck goats permalink award report block reply PowerOfBlues 0 points 7 days ago I've been told by really smart and worldly people here that all Muslims live in close proximity to goats permalink award report block reply Banfir 0 points 7 days ago It's a cancer permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 0 points 7 days ago Islam is right about women… permalink award report block reply Executarian2 0 points 7 days ago Yeah, duh. It’s a religion. permalink award report block reply ZohanDvir -2 points 7 days ago Qatari bots here be like: "By Allah, what about the Joooooos?!" permalink award report block reply flashersenpai -2 points 7 days ago Reposting 2000's era memes is why you keep losing. Enjoy. permalink award report block reply drmrboy -4 points 7 days ago Jewish is a religion ... not a race.  🤓 permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 5 points 7 days ago Its a ethnic group.  Judaism is a religion permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply It_takes_10_years 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply ProbablyASockAccount 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply realsolidsnakeoil 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply ILoveGoatFucking 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply ILoveGoatFucking 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 66 points 7 days ago If they call you racist and you try to defend against it, you've already lost. The media and all the normie retards will just associate you with being racist. Instead, you need to go on the attack and explain all of the terrible shit they are responsible for, and how it's 1000x worse than being racist. permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 39 points 7 days ago "You're just a racist!" Yes, I am a racist.  Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting religion founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. "RRRRREEEEEEEEE!" permalink parent award report block reply midgetpornrocks 25 points 7 days ago The proper response is, "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply BaguettesOfRudysSUB 9 points 7 days ago Or force feeding those ragheads pork products. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 6 days ago And now we change ""ISLAM"" with ""ISRAEL"" or with ""JEWS"", and presto change-o, we are in the wrong again... Right??? But for the exact same reasons.... permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 8 points 7 days ago DEATH TO ISLAM ☠️👉🕋☪️ permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 4 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT!!! permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 4 points 7 days ago Point out how they're deceitfully using name calling to cover up a deep hatred. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 7 days ago The properer response is “Who the fuck isn’t?”. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 2 points 7 days ago And permalink parent award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 7 points 7 days ago “You are racist” Thank you for noticing permalink parent award report block reply PitfallHarry 5 points 7 days ago Dr Oz is very offended. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 4 points 7 days ago Yes, I am a racist. Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting... Political system masquerading as a ...Religion  founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 9 points 7 days ago Call me whatever you want. I.  Do. Not.  Care. I will proudly proclaim my racism and hate for mudslime goat fuckers. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 4 points 7 days ago After all, we’ve seen what makes them cheer. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. The goal is keeping your livelihood in power. Otherwise, they’re to ensure you lose both, and then you’re out of peaceful options for fighting this issue. Some of these response are going to get peoples’ lives ruined, and most of them don’t respond the way they’re telling everyone else to. This is why ANTIFA is stands for “Anti-fascist”. If they said “We’re organized Communist terrorists!”, they’d have been stopped long ago. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. Yes, just dodge the attack and hit them with a bigger one. permalink parent award report block reply ProbablyASockAccount 1 points 7 days ago Communist USA literally still exists openly. Proclaiming themselves Communists would change nothing. permalink parent award report block reply BoatingAccident 4 points 7 days ago Yes.  NEVER RESPOND TO THEIR VERBAL ATTACKS WITH DEFENSE.   Always TAKE THE OFFENSE WITH THESE FUCKERS. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 7 days ago Or, just be a racist like everyone other non-White on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
ModernKnight 39 points 7 days ago "You're just a racist!" Yes, I am a racist.  Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting religion founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. "RRRRREEEEEEEEE!" permalink parent award report block reply midgetpornrocks 25 points 7 days ago The proper response is, "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply BaguettesOfRudysSUB 9 points 7 days ago Or force feeding those ragheads pork products. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 6 days ago And now we change ""ISLAM"" with ""ISRAEL"" or with ""JEWS"", and presto change-o, we are in the wrong again... Right??? But for the exact same reasons.... permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 8 points 7 days ago DEATH TO ISLAM ☠️👉🕋☪️ permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 4 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT!!! permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 4 points 7 days ago Point out how they're deceitfully using name calling to cover up a deep hatred. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 7 days ago The properer response is “Who the fuck isn’t?”. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 2 points 7 days ago And permalink parent award report block reply BlippiIsAPedo 7 points 7 days ago “You are racist” Thank you for noticing permalink parent award report block reply PitfallHarry 5 points 7 days ago Dr Oz is very offended. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 4 points 7 days ago Yes, I am a racist. Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting... Political system masquerading as a ...Religion  founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. permalink parent award report block reply
midgetpornrocks 25 points 7 days ago The proper response is, "So what?" permalink parent award report block reply BaguettesOfRudysSUB 9 points 7 days ago Or force feeding those ragheads pork products. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 6 days ago And now we change ""ISLAM"" with ""ISRAEL"" or with ""JEWS"", and presto change-o, we are in the wrong again... Right??? But for the exact same reasons.... permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 8 points 7 days ago DEATH TO ISLAM ☠️👉🕋☪️ permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 4 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT!!! permalink parent award report block reply Psarg 4 points 7 days ago Point out how they're deceitfully using name calling to cover up a deep hatred. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 7 days ago The properer response is “Who the fuck isn’t?”. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 2 points 7 days ago And permalink parent award report block reply
BaguettesOfRudysSUB 9 points 7 days ago Or force feeding those ragheads pork products. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 2 points 6 days ago And now we change ""ISLAM"" with ""ISRAEL"" or with ""JEWS"", and presto change-o, we are in the wrong again... Right??? But for the exact same reasons.... permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 2 points 6 days ago And now we change ""ISLAM"" with ""ISRAEL"" or with ""JEWS"", and presto change-o, we are in the wrong again... Right??? But for the exact same reasons.... permalink parent award report block reply
AfrikaanerBoer 8 points 7 days ago DEATH TO ISLAM ☠️👉🕋☪️ permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 4 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT!!! permalink parent award report block reply
Anon1970 4 points 7 days ago DEUS VULT!!! permalink parent award report block reply
Psarg 4 points 7 days ago Point out how they're deceitfully using name calling to cover up a deep hatred. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 3 points 7 days ago The properer response is “Who the fuck isn’t?”. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 2 points 7 days ago And permalink parent award report block reply
BlippiIsAPedo 7 points 7 days ago “You are racist” Thank you for noticing permalink parent award report block reply
PitfallHarry 5 points 7 days ago Dr Oz is very offended. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 4 points 7 days ago Yes, I am a racist. Islam is not a race, it is a disgusting... Political system masquerading as a ...Religion  founded by a violent Satanic pedophile, and should be criticized for what it is. permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 9 points 7 days ago Call me whatever you want. I.  Do. Not.  Care. I will proudly proclaim my racism and hate for mudslime goat fuckers. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 4 points 7 days ago After all, we’ve seen what makes them cheer. permalink parent award report block reply
DCPower 4 points 7 days ago After all, we’ve seen what makes them cheer. permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 6 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. The goal is keeping your livelihood in power. Otherwise, they’re to ensure you lose both, and then you’re out of peaceful options for fighting this issue. Some of these response are going to get peoples’ lives ruined, and most of them don’t respond the way they’re telling everyone else to. This is why ANTIFA is stands for “Anti-fascist”. If they said “We’re organized Communist terrorists!”, they’d have been stopped long ago. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 3 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. Yes, just dodge the attack and hit them with a bigger one. permalink parent award report block reply ProbablyASockAccount 1 points 7 days ago Communist USA literally still exists openly. Proclaiming themselves Communists would change nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 3 points 7 days ago You need to answer the question in such a way that doesn’t outright say “I’m a racist!”, however. Yes, just dodge the attack and hit them with a bigger one. permalink parent award report block reply
ProbablyASockAccount 1 points 7 days ago Communist USA literally still exists openly. Proclaiming themselves Communists would change nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
BoatingAccident 4 points 7 days ago Yes.  NEVER RESPOND TO THEIR VERBAL ATTACKS WITH DEFENSE.   Always TAKE THE OFFENSE WITH THESE FUCKERS. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 7 days ago Or, just be a racist like everyone other non-White on the planet. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 35 points 7 days ago This meme is fucking gay now. “Stop calling me racist.”
How about stop playing right into the hands of our Alinski trained enemies, you fucking faggots. permalink award report block reply RadicalCovfefe 19 points 7 days ago Exactly right.  Pearl clutching against racism is gay.  "Oh noes, I have to defend my public reputation!"  Meanwhile, Muslims chop off the heads of Americans. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 7 points 7 days ago Or blacks stab you in the neck. Or jews fleece your entire nation and everything in it. Or Mexicans make tacos and have sexy chicks. Or Asians beat you at starcraft. There is nothing wrong with racism. It's a biological survival mechanism. permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 1 points 7 days ago lemao permalink parent award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 8 points 7 days ago I just own it. They call me a racist? Cool. I’m a racist. Big deal. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 7 days ago I just tell them that I'm only as racist as your average black woman. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 7 days ago Just say "You likely don't even know what racism is. You are ignorant on a host of issues." permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 7 points 7 days ago I'd rather just say "I've seen what you guys think isn't racist" and move on. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 7 days ago Even better! Charles was murdered. We should keep that in mind, ALWAYS. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 4 points 7 days ago I’ll stick to “yes”. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 4 points 7 days ago It really shuts them up.  They don't know what to say when you just own it. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 1 points 7 days ago Not to mention people not noticing who opens the gates for invaders. permalink parent award report block reply
RadicalCovfefe 19 points 7 days ago Exactly right.  Pearl clutching against racism is gay.  "Oh noes, I have to defend my public reputation!"  Meanwhile, Muslims chop off the heads of Americans. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 7 points 7 days ago Or blacks stab you in the neck. Or jews fleece your entire nation and everything in it. Or Mexicans make tacos and have sexy chicks. Or Asians beat you at starcraft. There is nothing wrong with racism. It's a biological survival mechanism. permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 1 points 7 days ago lemao permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 7 points 7 days ago Or blacks stab you in the neck. Or jews fleece your entire nation and everything in it. Or Mexicans make tacos and have sexy chicks. Or Asians beat you at starcraft. There is nothing wrong with racism. It's a biological survival mechanism. permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 1 points 7 days ago lemao permalink parent award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 1 points 7 days ago lemao permalink parent award report block reply
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 8 points 7 days ago I just own it. They call me a racist? Cool. I’m a racist. Big deal. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 7 days ago I just tell them that I'm only as racist as your average black woman. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 4 points 7 days ago I just tell them that I'm only as racist as your average black woman. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 7 days ago Just say "You likely don't even know what racism is. You are ignorant on a host of issues." permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 7 points 7 days ago I'd rather just say "I've seen what you guys think isn't racist" and move on. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 7 days ago Even better! Charles was murdered. We should keep that in mind, ALWAYS. permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 4 points 7 days ago I’ll stick to “yes”. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 4 points 7 days ago It really shuts them up.  They don't know what to say when you just own it. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 7 points 7 days ago I'd rather just say "I've seen what you guys think isn't racist" and move on. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 7 days ago Even better! Charles was murdered. We should keep that in mind, ALWAYS. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 7 days ago Even better! Charles was murdered. We should keep that in mind, ALWAYS. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 4 points 7 days ago I’ll stick to “yes”. Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 4 points 7 days ago It really shuts them up.  They don't know what to say when you just own it. permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 4 points 7 days ago It really shuts them up.  They don't know what to say when you just own it. permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 1 points 7 days ago Not to mention people not noticing who opens the gates for invaders. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAfarmer 31 points 7 days ago Same deal with Judaism, I'm not a racist for realizing Christianity and Judaism are antithetical to each other. permalink award report block reply Spindle-spin 7 points 7 days ago Yup, we're not being racist. That's called being antisemitic, and as far as I'm aware, it's perfectly legal. Freedom of speech. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 13 points 7 days ago Countersemitic permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 8 points 7 days ago Arabs are semites, too. It's based on the descendants of Shem. It's the people who are from the Middle East. But the Ashkenazis are actually not semites, as they are actually Caucasian. They are from Ashkenaz. Yiddish isn't even a Hebrew dialect, it's a Germanic language often written in the Hebrew script. It's like writing Japanese in English script: it's still Japanese, not English. permalink parent award report block reply Brother_Bill 2 points 6 days ago Sons of Japheth UNITE! permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago I'm an adopted brother of Jesus Christ, Yeshua of Nazareth. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -10 points 7 days ago This is false. Arabs are not semites. Only leftists believe that. Askhenazis are part of Judaism, like mizrahis and sephardis, Hebrew is still a spoken language in the world and the legal language of Israel. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 8 points 7 days ago Oh look, it's this faggot again. Look JIDF, fuck off. We're against non-Christian religions. This includes you . You have lost. Your employers have lost. All you had to do was not try to work hand-in-hand with the mudslimes to destroy western civilization. So yes, I'm an antisemite and I include the other subhumans in that classification - Arabs too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gustodog 6 points 7 days ago So why did many of them choose to change their names when moving to Israel? Why Netanyahu rather than Mileikowsky? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Megaboom2025 2 points 7 days ago We are racist for realizing it and I’m tired of pretending that we’re not. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 7 days ago Judaism is literally an ethnicity. No one thinks atheist Woody Allen isn’t Jewish. No one thinks convert Ivanka Trump is Jewish. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -9 points 7 days ago Judaism is an ethnoreligion. DNA proves that Jews are a subset of Caucasians who has specific genetic markers. Judaism and Christianity are interlinked, the most important person in Christianity, Jesus, was Jewish and zionist. The Bible, about half of it, is the Torah. Cry harder, and when you film it and post it here. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 6 points 7 days ago the most important person in Christianity, Jesus Is hated by jews, who say is in hell burning in feces. The jew is the Christians greatest enemy, and your post is their typical subversion against it. Jesus was not a jew, he was the Son of God. He went to the most evil place on earth, with the most sin and vile humans to try and save them. Instead of recognizing his divinity, as the Romans, Greeks, and entire rest of the world did, the jews killed him. Which was part of the plan, because God knew that only the children of Satan, would kill such a perfect person. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -6 points 7 days ago Wrong. He is not hated by Jews. This shows that the only place in the world where Christianity is growing is in Israel. And Israel continues to protect Christian structures and history in its country. Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He preached Judaism, and the first Christians were Jews. To the point they used Synagogues to pray. Quite clear you know nothing of Christianity. Are you muslim? You sound like one. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 0 points 6 days ago Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He was the Son of God, and went to worst place on earth, the place that needed redemption the most, because he knew only the vile jews would kill him. God hates you jews, because jews rejected his message. This is why you suffer, while White people, God's chosen people, are blessed in the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Spindle-spin 7 points 7 days ago Yup, we're not being racist. That's called being antisemitic, and as far as I'm aware, it's perfectly legal. Freedom of speech. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 13 points 7 days ago Countersemitic permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 8 points 7 days ago Arabs are semites, too. It's based on the descendants of Shem. It's the people who are from the Middle East. But the Ashkenazis are actually not semites, as they are actually Caucasian. They are from Ashkenaz. Yiddish isn't even a Hebrew dialect, it's a Germanic language often written in the Hebrew script. It's like writing Japanese in English script: it's still Japanese, not English. permalink parent award report block reply Brother_Bill 2 points 6 days ago Sons of Japheth UNITE! permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago I'm an adopted brother of Jesus Christ, Yeshua of Nazareth. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -10 points 7 days ago This is false. Arabs are not semites. Only leftists believe that. Askhenazis are part of Judaism, like mizrahis and sephardis, Hebrew is still a spoken language in the world and the legal language of Israel. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 8 points 7 days ago Oh look, it's this faggot again. Look JIDF, fuck off. We're against non-Christian religions. This includes you . You have lost. Your employers have lost. All you had to do was not try to work hand-in-hand with the mudslimes to destroy western civilization. So yes, I'm an antisemite and I include the other subhumans in that classification - Arabs too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gustodog 6 points 7 days ago So why did many of them choose to change their names when moving to Israel? Why Netanyahu rather than Mileikowsky? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ParadigmShift2070 13 points 7 days ago Countersemitic permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 8 points 7 days ago Arabs are semites, too. It's based on the descendants of Shem. It's the people who are from the Middle East. But the Ashkenazis are actually not semites, as they are actually Caucasian. They are from Ashkenaz. Yiddish isn't even a Hebrew dialect, it's a Germanic language often written in the Hebrew script. It's like writing Japanese in English script: it's still Japanese, not English. permalink parent award report block reply Brother_Bill 2 points 6 days ago Sons of Japheth UNITE! permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago I'm an adopted brother of Jesus Christ, Yeshua of Nazareth. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -10 points 7 days ago This is false. Arabs are not semites. Only leftists believe that. Askhenazis are part of Judaism, like mizrahis and sephardis, Hebrew is still a spoken language in the world and the legal language of Israel. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 8 points 7 days ago Oh look, it's this faggot again. Look JIDF, fuck off. We're against non-Christian religions. This includes you . You have lost. Your employers have lost. All you had to do was not try to work hand-in-hand with the mudslimes to destroy western civilization. So yes, I'm an antisemite and I include the other subhumans in that classification - Arabs too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gustodog 6 points 7 days ago So why did many of them choose to change their names when moving to Israel? Why Netanyahu rather than Mileikowsky? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Brother_Bill 2 points 6 days ago Sons of Japheth UNITE! permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago I'm an adopted brother of Jesus Christ, Yeshua of Nazareth. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago I'm an adopted brother of Jesus Christ, Yeshua of Nazareth. permalink parent award report block reply
ZohanDvir -10 points 7 days ago This is false. Arabs are not semites. Only leftists believe that. Askhenazis are part of Judaism, like mizrahis and sephardis, Hebrew is still a spoken language in the world and the legal language of Israel. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 8 points 7 days ago Oh look, it's this faggot again. Look JIDF, fuck off. We're against non-Christian religions. This includes you . You have lost. Your employers have lost. All you had to do was not try to work hand-in-hand with the mudslimes to destroy western civilization. So yes, I'm an antisemite and I include the other subhumans in that classification - Arabs too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... gustodog 6 points 7 days ago So why did many of them choose to change their names when moving to Israel? Why Netanyahu rather than Mileikowsky? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TPMJB 8 points 7 days ago Oh look, it's this faggot again. Look JIDF, fuck off. We're against non-Christian religions. This includes you . You have lost. Your employers have lost. All you had to do was not try to work hand-in-hand with the mudslimes to destroy western civilization. So yes, I'm an antisemite and I include the other subhumans in that classification - Arabs too. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
gustodog 6 points 7 days ago So why did many of them choose to change their names when moving to Israel? Why Netanyahu rather than Mileikowsky? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Megaboom2025 2 points 7 days ago We are racist for realizing it and I’m tired of pretending that we’re not. permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 1 points 7 days ago Judaism is literally an ethnicity. No one thinks atheist Woody Allen isn’t Jewish. No one thinks convert Ivanka Trump is Jewish. permalink parent award report block reply
ZohanDvir -9 points 7 days ago Judaism is an ethnoreligion. DNA proves that Jews are a subset of Caucasians who has specific genetic markers. Judaism and Christianity are interlinked, the most important person in Christianity, Jesus, was Jewish and zionist. The Bible, about half of it, is the Torah. Cry harder, and when you film it and post it here. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 6 points 7 days ago the most important person in Christianity, Jesus Is hated by jews, who say is in hell burning in feces. The jew is the Christians greatest enemy, and your post is their typical subversion against it. Jesus was not a jew, he was the Son of God. He went to the most evil place on earth, with the most sin and vile humans to try and save them. Instead of recognizing his divinity, as the Romans, Greeks, and entire rest of the world did, the jews killed him. Which was part of the plan, because God knew that only the children of Satan, would kill such a perfect person. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -6 points 7 days ago Wrong. He is not hated by Jews. This shows that the only place in the world where Christianity is growing is in Israel. And Israel continues to protect Christian structures and history in its country. Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He preached Judaism, and the first Christians were Jews. To the point they used Synagogues to pray. Quite clear you know nothing of Christianity. Are you muslim? You sound like one. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 0 points 6 days ago Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He was the Son of God, and went to worst place on earth, the place that needed redemption the most, because he knew only the vile jews would kill him. God hates you jews, because jews rejected his message. This is why you suffer, while White people, God's chosen people, are blessed in the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
SimaYi 6 points 7 days ago the most important person in Christianity, Jesus Is hated by jews, who say is in hell burning in feces. The jew is the Christians greatest enemy, and your post is their typical subversion against it. Jesus was not a jew, he was the Son of God. He went to the most evil place on earth, with the most sin and vile humans to try and save them. Instead of recognizing his divinity, as the Romans, Greeks, and entire rest of the world did, the jews killed him. Which was part of the plan, because God knew that only the children of Satan, would kill such a perfect person. permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -6 points 7 days ago Wrong. He is not hated by Jews. This shows that the only place in the world where Christianity is growing is in Israel. And Israel continues to protect Christian structures and history in its country. Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He preached Judaism, and the first Christians were Jews. To the point they used Synagogues to pray. Quite clear you know nothing of Christianity. Are you muslim? You sound like one. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 0 points 6 days ago Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He was the Son of God, and went to worst place on earth, the place that needed redemption the most, because he knew only the vile jews would kill him. God hates you jews, because jews rejected his message. This is why you suffer, while White people, God's chosen people, are blessed in the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
ZohanDvir -6 points 7 days ago Wrong. He is not hated by Jews. This shows that the only place in the world where Christianity is growing is in Israel. And Israel continues to protect Christian structures and history in its country. Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He preached Judaism, and the first Christians were Jews. To the point they used Synagogues to pray. Quite clear you know nothing of Christianity. Are you muslim? You sound like one. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 0 points 6 days ago Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He was the Son of God, and went to worst place on earth, the place that needed redemption the most, because he knew only the vile jews would kill him. God hates you jews, because jews rejected his message. This is why you suffer, while White people, God's chosen people, are blessed in the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
SimaYi 0 points 6 days ago Jesus was Jewish, born from a Jewish mother, and he was a rabbi. He was the Son of God, and went to worst place on earth, the place that needed redemption the most, because he knew only the vile jews would kill him. God hates you jews, because jews rejected his message. This is why you suffer, while White people, God's chosen people, are blessed in the world. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
realPhantomFuck 19 points 7 days ago Islam is a political ideology masquerading as a religion permalink award report block reply American-Free-Man 7 points 7 days ago And Sharia is the law that enforces that ideology. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 5 points 7 days ago Judeo-communism is a religion disguised as a political ideology permalink parent award report block reply
American-Free-Man 7 points 7 days ago And Sharia is the law that enforces that ideology. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 5 points 7 days ago Judeo-communism is a religion disguised as a political ideology permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 14 points 7 days ago lol they wanna be like the jews, which is just hilarious in its irony. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 10 points 7 days ago And it'll work on the suicidal empathy whites (especially the young women) , unfortunately permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 7 days ago White women have been trained to hate only the white patriarchy aka their dads. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 1 points 7 days ago 99.99% jews (as in religious) are jews (ethnically), atheist jews are also jews permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 10 points 7 days ago And it'll work on the suicidal empathy whites (especially the young women) , unfortunately permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 7 days ago White women have been trained to hate only the white patriarchy aka their dads. permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 1 points 7 days ago White women have been trained to hate only the white patriarchy aka their dads. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 1 points 7 days ago 99.99% jews (as in religious) are jews (ethnically), atheist jews are also jews permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 11 points 7 days ago Without lies Islam dies permalink award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 10 points 7 days ago Im a bigot. Im comfortable with that. I do not hate people for things they are born with and cannot help. I hate people for their choices. I hate people who choose to denigrate Jesus Christ. I hate people who persecute Christians. I hate people who choose to use violence against the innocent and threats of violence to intimidate the innocent, I hate people who choose to oppose western values and culture, I hate people who chose tyranny over freedom, I hate people who choose collectivism over individual freedom, I hate cultures who choose to allow rape. I hate cultures who choose to allow pedophilia, I hate people who choose to come to the land my forefathers conquered and seek to steal my children's birthright. I love my Lord, I love my family, I love my nation, I love our western heritage. That makes me a bigot. permalink award report block reply Krampus5150 -8 points 7 days ago And that's where you and I differ. I despise Christianity and ALL organized religion. It's entire purpose is to control a society under a set of rules written by man. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 7 days ago Wow so edgy, you should post your wisdom to reddit permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 5 points 7 days ago Christianity, and organized religion are two very different things. Christians are responsible for western civilization. Organized religion is destroying western civilization. permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 0 points 6 days ago Sorry but Christianity is an organized religion clown. It's all bullshit, fairytale hogwash designed to make people who can't use their brains feel comfortable. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 7 days ago Those 10 commandments are a doozy aren’t they 😐 permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 1 points 6 days ago Normal shit to live by written down by man. No fucking fairy in the sky gave you shit. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 1 points 6 days ago Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself, be well…. You’ll need it permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Krampus5150 -8 points 7 days ago And that's where you and I differ. I despise Christianity and ALL organized religion. It's entire purpose is to control a society under a set of rules written by man. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 7 days ago Wow so edgy, you should post your wisdom to reddit permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 5 points 7 days ago Christianity, and organized religion are two very different things. Christians are responsible for western civilization. Organized religion is destroying western civilization. permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 0 points 6 days ago Sorry but Christianity is an organized religion clown. It's all bullshit, fairytale hogwash designed to make people who can't use their brains feel comfortable. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 3 points 7 days ago Those 10 commandments are a doozy aren’t they 😐 permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 1 points 6 days ago Normal shit to live by written down by man. No fucking fairy in the sky gave you shit. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 1 points 6 days ago Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself, be well…. You’ll need it permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ParadigmShift2070 11 points 7 days ago Wow so edgy, you should post your wisdom to reddit permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 5 points 7 days ago Christianity, and organized religion are two very different things. Christians are responsible for western civilization. Organized religion is destroying western civilization. permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 0 points 6 days ago Sorry but Christianity is an organized religion clown. It's all bullshit, fairytale hogwash designed to make people who can't use their brains feel comfortable. permalink parent award report block reply
Krampus5150 0 points 6 days ago Sorry but Christianity is an organized religion clown. It's all bullshit, fairytale hogwash designed to make people who can't use their brains feel comfortable. permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland 3 points 7 days ago Those 10 commandments are a doozy aren’t they 😐 permalink parent award report block reply Krampus5150 1 points 6 days ago Normal shit to live by written down by man. No fucking fairy in the sky gave you shit. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 1 points 6 days ago Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself, be well…. You’ll need it permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Krampus5150 1 points 6 days ago Normal shit to live by written down by man. No fucking fairy in the sky gave you shit. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 1 points 6 days ago Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself, be well…. You’ll need it permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
StrongIsland 1 points 6 days ago Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself, be well…. You’ll need it permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Aquamine-Amarine 7 points 7 days ago It's not a religion either. permalink award report block reply
Datamancer 6 points 7 days ago It is a cancer. permalink award report block reply
Yheymos 6 points 7 days ago Communism, Nazism, Fascism, Wokeism, Islamism. All the same shit. All authoritarian, culty, evil governing systems that are disguised in various ways to trick people into following them. permalink award report block reply
fox86 6 points 7 days ago i don't think the argument is that it's a "race" i think it's that it is a "religion" vs an "ideology" permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 3 points 7 days ago Accurate - Islam plays the 'we are a religion piece' so hard to get acceptance permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 3 points 7 days ago Accurate - Islam plays the 'we are a religion piece' so hard to get acceptance permalink parent award report block reply
drmrboy 6 points 7 days ago Jewish is a religion ... not a race.  🤓 permalink award report block reply ZohanDvir 0 points 7 days ago It's an ethnoreligion.  It is both an ethnicity, a subset of Caucasians and a religion. Why bring Judaism in this? Are you Qatari bots butthurt that people are noticing your Islamic pedo worship? permalink parent award report block reply
ZohanDvir 0 points 7 days ago It's an ethnoreligion.  It is both an ethnicity, a subset of Caucasians and a religion. Why bring Judaism in this? Are you Qatari bots butthurt that people are noticing your Islamic pedo worship? permalink parent award report block reply
OMC-RADIO 5 points 7 days ago Fuck islam and its demonic cult. permalink award report block reply
Bearing51 5 points 7 days ago I don't care if these retards call me a racist. permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaVapeAgain 5 points 7 days ago i am curious to see how the islamists will play it now that they are pretty much tied to the democrats. will they abide by the secularism of the left or break away? permalink award report block reply
Kraken_V_Algorithm 5 points 7 days ago Islam is not a race.  It's a slow steady march. permalink award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 5 points 7 days ago It's a brown person's religion. Whites worship Jesus Christ permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 7 days ago Nope, it is a pedophile perverse rape and wife enslaving cult that even White Irish are joining because of the sick rules of life it enshrines.. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 7 days ago Where does Christianity orginate? Israel. Was Jesus white or brown? permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 5 points 7 days ago White permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -2 points 7 days ago Stop looking at your medieval pictures. He was brown. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 9 points 7 days ago He's been White in every picture I've ever seen of Him. Plus He knew His Father permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... FutureFreemason 2 points 7 days ago Alexa please define migration permalink parent award report block reply Grond999 1 points 7 days ago In Europe alone, it is estimated that at least 100,000 white Europeans are Islamic. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 3 points 7 days ago In a lot of these statistics, desert-dwelling rapefugees are counted as "White". Or "Asian", whatever is more convenient at the time to cover up the fact that they're desert-dwellers permalink parent award report block reply Grond999 1 points 7 days ago You really have no idea do you. Plenty of white people are Muslim. Islam is not a race. Christianity is not a race either. All of it comes out of the Middle East. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 3 points 7 days ago Nope, it is a pedophile perverse rape and wife enslaving cult that even White Irish are joining because of the sick rules of life it enshrines.. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 7 days ago Where does Christianity orginate? Israel. Was Jesus white or brown? permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 5 points 7 days ago White permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -2 points 7 days ago Stop looking at your medieval pictures. He was brown. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 9 points 7 days ago He's been White in every picture I've ever seen of Him. Plus He knew His Father permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... FutureFreemason 2 points 7 days ago Alexa please define migration permalink parent award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 5 points 7 days ago White permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -2 points 7 days ago Stop looking at your medieval pictures. He was brown. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 9 points 7 days ago He's been White in every picture I've ever seen of Him. Plus He knew His Father permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
KernalMustard -2 points 7 days ago Stop looking at your medieval pictures. He was brown. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 9 points 7 days ago He's been White in every picture I've ever seen of Him. Plus He knew His Father permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
magapatriot_pa 9 points 7 days ago He's been White in every picture I've ever seen of Him. Plus He knew His Father permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
FutureFreemason 2 points 7 days ago Alexa please define migration permalink parent award report block reply
Grond999 1 points 7 days ago In Europe alone, it is estimated that at least 100,000 white Europeans are Islamic. permalink parent award report block reply magapatriot_pa 3 points 7 days ago In a lot of these statistics, desert-dwelling rapefugees are counted as "White". Or "Asian", whatever is more convenient at the time to cover up the fact that they're desert-dwellers permalink parent award report block reply Grond999 1 points 7 days ago You really have no idea do you. Plenty of white people are Muslim. Islam is not a race. Christianity is not a race either. All of it comes out of the Middle East. permalink parent award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 3 points 7 days ago In a lot of these statistics, desert-dwelling rapefugees are counted as "White". Or "Asian", whatever is more convenient at the time to cover up the fact that they're desert-dwellers permalink parent award report block reply Grond999 1 points 7 days ago You really have no idea do you. Plenty of white people are Muslim. Islam is not a race. Christianity is not a race either. All of it comes out of the Middle East. permalink parent award report block reply
Grond999 1 points 7 days ago You really have no idea do you. Plenty of white people are Muslim. Islam is not a race. Christianity is not a race either. All of it comes out of the Middle East. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
AnnieMm 4 points 7 days ago And satanism is not a religion. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 4 points 7 days ago Neither is faggotry. permalink award report block reply
BillboDickens 4 points 7 days ago Boomer post, I don’t give a shit if some Muslim apologist thinks I’m racist. permalink award report block reply
MisterMAGA 4 points 7 days ago Everyone is racist. It’s natural and normal. Either all races are the same and it’s just a made up concept, or there are differences meaning some are better than others in various ways. I can’t dunk a basketball or be a math competition champion or fuck a goat, and that’s okay. permalink award report block reply
forcedaspiration 4 points 7 days ago Islam is a mental retardation permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 4 points 7 days ago It is the cult of Mohammad the perverse murdering pedophile that died by poisoning from one of his woman slaves.. Compare the cult of Islam/Mo with the religion of Christianity using the dictionary for cult and religion and see which is closer to the definitions of them.. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard -6 points 7 days ago Christianity also started as a cult. Some Guy says hes the Son of God at a time when everyone followed Judaism permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard -6 points 7 days ago Christianity also started as a cult. Some Guy says hes the Son of God at a time when everyone followed Judaism permalink parent award report block reply
Retard_Strength 4 points 7 days ago these guys look really weird not screaming about some stupid shit, with spittle flying out of their mouths permalink award report block reply
mailinvoter 4 points 7 days ago Didn't the globohomos come up with "islamaphobe" due to that fact?  Funny, when I look at those photos, all I see is "goat fucker", "goat fucker", "goat fucker", and "goat fucker". permalink award report block reply
FlyCatcher94 4 points 7 days ago Actually it’s a governmental system disguised as a religion. permalink award report block reply
Tonz 3 points 7 days ago The reason we lose is so many people care about what others say or think of them. Why!? Psycho dems dont. permalink award report block reply
BlippiIsAPedo 3 points 7 days ago Why do you care about being called a racist permalink award report block reply
mygovisacommie 3 points 7 days ago If criticizing Islam is racism, then so is criticizing Christianity. permalink award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 3 points 7 days ago Trust me, there's plenty of other things they try to call me racist for, too. permalink award report block reply
LordStirling 3 points 7 days ago Same with judaism permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 3 points 7 days ago Its also impossible to be "islama phobic " permalink award report block reply
cornpop_1988 3 points 7 days ago Moon worship has been practiced in Arabia since 2000 BC. The crescent moon is the most common symbol of this pagan moon worship as far back as 2000 BC.
In Mecca, there was a god named Hubal who was Lord of the Kabah.
This Hubal was a moon god.
One Muslim apologist confessed that the idol of moon god Hubal was placed upon the roof of the Kaba about 400 years before Muhammad. This may in fact be the origin of why the crescent moon is on top of every minaret at the Kaba today and the central symbol of Islam atop of every mosque throughout the world:
About four hundred years before the birth of Muhammad one Amr bin Lahyo ... a descendant of Qahtan and king of Hijaz, had put an idol called Hubal on the roof of the Kaba. This was one of the chief deities of the Quraish before Islam. (Muhammad The Holy Prophet, Hafiz Ghulam Sarwar (Pakistan), p 18-19, Muslim)
The moon god was also referred to as "al-ilah". This is not a proper name of a single specific god, but a generic reference meaning "the god". Each local pagan Arab tribe would refer to their own local tribal pagan god as "al-ilah".
"al-ilah" was later shortened to Allah before Muhammad began promoting his new religion in 610 AD.
There is evidence that Hubal was referred to as "Allah".
When Muhammad came along, he dropped all references to the name "Hubal" but retained the generic "Allah".
Muhammad retained almost all the pagan rituals of the Arabs at the Kaba and redefined them in monotheistic terms.
Regardless of the specifics of the facts, it is clear that Islam is derived from paganism that once worshiped a moon-god. Source: https://www.bible.ca/islam/islam-moon-god.htm#:~:text=Introduction%20to%20basic%20facts%20of,new%20religion%20in%20610%20AD . permalink award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 3 points 7 days ago Stop whining about what people who want you dead will call you. permalink award report block reply
DingDongDitch 3 points 7 days ago Its not a religion either, its a political party permalink award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 2 points 7 days ago Now do jews. permalink award report block reply
cptkloss5 2 points 7 days ago what's wrong with criticizing races? blacks are dumb permalink award report block reply Krampus5150 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
Krampus5150 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 7 days ago Stop being a faggot and caring, call me racist all you want. I’m ready for a white Christian nation again. permalink award report block reply
RadicalCovfefe 2 points 7 days ago Lol what even is this post?  Islam is barabarism- not an idea.  Kek, there is not an idea in the mind of someone that has sex with goats. permalink award report block reply
Seldom_Seen_Kid 2 points 7 days ago Thank you!! permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 7 days ago Who cares if you're a racist. permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 7 days ago Official phrase on Islam ISLAM IS  AN ALL ENCOMPASSING TOTALITARIAN POLITICAL IDEOLOGY INCOMPATIBLE WITH WESTERN IDEALS OF FREEDOM. by definition it can not "coexist" equally- it must subdue everyone everywhere, and as such it is a clear and present danger to freedoms permalink award report block reply
MAGABOND 2 points 7 days ago You’re also allowed to be racist, so quit being a pussy faggot. permalink award report block reply
Illah88zillah 2 points 6 days ago Islam is Trash, I REBUKE the false narrative of Islam in the Holy name of Jesus Christ our King! There is but one God and he has a son named Jesus. John 14:6 “Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.” permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 7 days ago Amen permalink award report block reply
SeeFreeDJ 2 points 7 days ago If we live in a free society, then we are also allowed to openly discuss and criticize race. permalink award report block reply
Megaboom2025 2 points 7 days ago Now do jews permalink award report block reply
ReturnOfSmarm 2 points 7 days ago Seems more like the way they act and talk, they're "Ameriphobic", no? permalink award report block reply
BillyBobJimmyJoe 2 points 7 days ago If you aren't proudly embracing being a 'racist', then you have no place in this movement.  In fact, you're more dangerous to us than the enemy is. permalink award report block reply QSWO1 2 points 7 days ago Correct if you use their definitions. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 2 points 7 days ago Correct if you use their definitions. permalink parent award report block reply
SomecatsareMAGA 2 points 7 days ago A state. Bad one at that. permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 7 days ago Islam is what LE wants to implement. permalink award report block reply
TreeTop300 2 points 7 days ago Also, it isn't Islamophobia, it's Islamaware.... make it stick permalink award report block reply
1777 2 points 7 days ago I love a Truth Social post. permalink award report block reply
FreedomFromGovt 1 points 7 days ago It's not a religion, it's a totalitarian mind virus. permalink award report block reply
JackAubreyRN 1 points 7 days ago A set of ideas masquerading as a religion. permalink award report block reply
roflcopt0rz_returns 1 points 7 days ago As shitty as Islam is, they wouldn’t be a problem if we stopped bombing the shit out of them and sucking Israel’s dick. If we got out of the Middle East and let israel figure their own shit out, the Muslims would stop giving us shit. permalink award report block reply
Khryn_Tzu 1 points 7 days ago I get screamed at on a near daily basis for expressing people they need to repent and accept Jesus. I am under a divine command to call out Islam. permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 7 days ago Color vision be racist yo. permalink award report block reply
RobinNet 1 points 7 days ago Nor are the beanie wearers Semites, Israelites or Hebrews. permalink award report block reply
current_horror 1 points 7 days ago Daily reminder: the most dangerous and destructive Muslims are non-white. Be racist. Everyone else is. It’s the only way you will survive. permalink award report block reply
FreeCommieUFORides 1 points 7 days ago It’s a set of ideas that are the product of a dirty brown arab race. Islam is downstream of Arab genes.
Anti-Islamism is racist. That’s why anti-islamism is based. permalink award report block reply
TerrorAndSlaughter 1 points 7 days ago Muslims are a race according to Muslims.  As least in that they have strong tribal identity, preference for their own, and dehumanizing regard for kafirs. permalink award report block reply
bagel_fragility 1 points 7 days ago so, a cancer. permalink award report block reply
ShitAss 1 points 6 days ago The correct response to being called racist is “lmao ok faggot”. If you think you can “ayckchully” your way out of this still, you are going to lose forever. permalink award report block reply
Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 7 days ago It’s also retarded permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 7 days ago Photo of my penis: not muslim permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 1 points 7 days ago mostly arabs tho right? permalink award report block reply
CaptainTrouble 1 points 7 days ago Make no mistake though, converting to Islam if the majority race is not your race won't save you. And even if the majority race is your race, it still won't be beneficial to you and your race to switch to Islam. All non-Whites must be deported from NA and Europe. permalink award report block reply
BillyBobJimmyJoe 1 points 7 days ago Midwit post, you just don't get it.  It's ALL about race, and if you can't acknowledge that and fight for your own people.... then we will continue to lose. permalink award report block reply
Sipow 1 points 6 days ago Yeah.  It is more appropriate to call it a species than a race.   White, black and Asian are races.  Human, dog, pig, and Islam are species. permalink award report block reply
Trump2024 1 points 7 days ago It alone doesn't make me a racist or a bigot. I AM a racist and a bigot not just because I have muslims permalink award report block reply
donkeyKang 1 points 7 days ago Logic doesn't work anyway. Not much does. Just keep on keepin' on. Say what you need to say. permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 1 points 7 days ago It's more than a set of ideas, it's an evil terrorist pedophile cult that harms and kills people. Bad things should be called out. Tell the truth. permalink award report block reply
ApathySK 1 points 7 days ago Daily reminder if someone calls you a racist, you'll get further if you simply accept it. permalink award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 1 points 7 days ago Guess what.... Black isn't a race either... Neither is Chinese, white, brown, etc. "Human" is the race with different categories.  It would be more accurate to call somebody a categoryist than it would be to call them a racist permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 6 days ago Islam is the most successful sex cult permalink award report block reply
nautilus 1 points 6 days ago PSSST!! It's not a religion either! permalink award report block reply
bemac 1 points 7 days ago Those AI images are all way too clean. Add more dirt and cousin DNA. permalink award report block reply
Diversity_Fire 1 points 7 days ago It's not a race, it's a mental disorder permalink award report block reply
pedeypete 1 points 7 days ago Just people who want to fuck goats permalink award report block reply
PowerOfBlues 0 points 7 days ago I've been told by really smart and worldly people here that all Muslims live in close proximity to goats permalink award report block reply
Banfir 0 points 7 days ago It's a cancer permalink award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 0 points 7 days ago Islam is right about women… permalink award report block reply
Executarian2 0 points 7 days ago Yeah, duh. It’s a religion. permalink award report block reply
ZohanDvir -2 points 7 days ago Qatari bots here be like: "By Allah, what about the Joooooos?!" permalink award report block reply
flashersenpai -2 points 7 days ago Reposting 2000's era memes is why you keep losing. Enjoy. permalink award report block reply
drmrboy -4 points 7 days ago Jewish is a religion ... not a race.  🤓 permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 5 points 7 days ago Its a ethnic group.  Judaism is a religion permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 5 points 7 days ago Its a ethnic group.  Judaism is a religion permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
It_takes_10_years 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
ProbablyASockAccount 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
realsolidsnakeoil 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
ILoveGoatFucking 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
ILoveGoatFucking 0 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply