888 Dems just can't stop losing posted 3 days ago by kompromatdotwin 110 comments award share download report block
110 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style fskfsk 61 points 3 days ago This is just the cloture vote "end debate", not the vote on the actual law.  However, that vote is a formality at this point.  There are some rules that let Senators stall a little (fucking Rand Paul). Then it goes back to the House where they have to pass it.  That only requires a simple majority, but Republicans might find a way to mess that up. permalink award report block reply PapaPepe 46 points 3 days ago Fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 48 points 3 days ago Rand Paul is a fucking joke. He used to stand for something but now he's an empty suit. What happened to that man? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 47 points 3 days ago 2015 Republican Presidential Debate. No. Really. Go back and watch Trump own the ever living Shit out of Rand on that stage. Rands been a butthurt, vindictive little bitch ever since. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 21 points 3 days ago Trump insulted his hair and he never recovered. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TheRedPilledArtist 13 points 3 days ago Rand couldn't take it like a man. Rand is not a man. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 6 points 2 days ago Aka McCain syndrome permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 2 days ago 100%. He's realized too that Trump gets results and his little limped-dick libertarianism gets him scorn. permalink parent award report block reply JohnVoight 8 points 3 days ago I’m not sure he ever did with the benefit of hindsight. His father sure did. I’m not sure Rand ever did except for the contrarian viewpoint. You’d think he’d grow some balls after his lefty neighbor beat him. Now am thinking is that where he turned for good 🤔 Rand Paul is a compromised joke. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 7 points 3 days ago His fater used to stand for something. Rand Paul has ALWAYS been a bitch when it comes to doing anything to help citizens. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing -2 points 2 days ago You're ignorant. Rand Paul and Ron Paul agree on everything. You can look at the Liberty Report and check it out yourself: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/ And some highlights... Ron's opposed to drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/as-trump-continues-military-build-up-republicans-sour-on-venezuela-invasion Ron doesn't like tariffs: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/finally-senate-pushed-back-on-trump-tariffs More on the "narco-terrorist" thing: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/the-war-on-narco-terrorism-is-the-new-war-on-terrorismand-will-end-just-as-badly Stuff on the U.S. China trade war: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/trump-trade-war-chaos-with-china-who-benefits More on drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/high-crimes-on-the-high-seas You NPCs really need to actually spend a few minutes and actually check what you think you believe. permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside 23 points 3 days ago The 8 Democrats who caved for those that want to know Angus King (Maine) Catherine Cortez Masto (Nevada) Dick Durbin (Illinois) Jacky Rosen (Nevada) Jeanne Shaheen (New Hampshire) John Fetterman (Pennsylvania) Maggie Hassan (New Hampshire) Tim Kaine (Virginia) permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 14 points 3 days ago Three of them voted for the CR each time so technically they didn’t cave. The other seven were the one that caved. I’m surprised both MD senators and one of the VA senators voted no since most federal workers live in those two states and were being affected the most. permalink parent award report block reply rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago Besides Fedderman, they had their marching orders. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 8 points 3 days ago I could be wrong, but I think Fetterman was one of the ones that voted for the CR each time, I'd have to go look. I just remember him showing up in my feeds a lot talking about how he wasn't going to toe the party line on the CR. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 6 points 3 days ago Everyone except kaine and durbin are in difficult position scome their next election.  I assume kaine  and durbin are just channeling his inner-neocon, but ill take it. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago All purple states permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 3 days ago Not Illinois and Virginia. Also Tim Kaine? permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 3 days ago Festerman can vote against them now since he is being replaced. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 9 points 3 days ago stop fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply gb1787 8 points 3 days ago I never started permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 6 points 3 days ago Well have you considered that was why he might be unhappy? Stop being so selfish, damnit! permalink parent award report block reply Basedpeda 2 points 3 days ago Has his father weighed in on him permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Him and his father have the exact same beliefs. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 6 points 3 days ago The sad part is that Ron Paul was awesome, but Rand Paul is a useless RINO. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 2 days ago When did Rand transition, he must have been one of the first to transition before the procedure was perfected. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Viewer01 17 points 3 days ago I hate how we get idealists like Rand that are functionally useless and Dems get Pelosi and Schumer and other actually adroit politicians. permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 15 points 3 days ago I thought we wanted the shutdown to go on for as long as possible? When did you guys decide we needed to start paying out SNAP gibs? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 3 days ago WE did. Republicans didn’t want to starve joggers at thanksgiving nor have people whining about flights. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago That's one theory. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 10 points 3 days ago We should have bribed Pelosi to become a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 6 points 3 days ago Don't give Rand that much credit, he's not an idealist. He's never Trump first. permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 40 points 3 days ago Imagine shutting down the government for over a month only to cave on literally everything you shut it down over. Even coming off winning elections less than a week ago, Dems are fucking pathetic. permalink award report block reply ConvergenceMan 20 points 3 days ago Better the Dems be pathetic than the Republicans be even more pathetic permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 4 points 2 days ago They didn’t cave, there are deals made that aren’t announced.  Biden spending levels continue, inflation continues. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 18 points 3 days ago They did it for the election. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 8 points 3 days ago They were already going to fold. When they had to work the weekend too that was just too much to ask. permalink parent award report block reply DeplorableCentipede 7 points 3 days ago Redditors are seething so hard. permalink parent award report block reply aoneleggedduck 2 points 2 days ago It's fucking hysterical to me seeing Dems flip out over this while simultaneously parrot their programmed "republicans control all branches of government! This is their shutdown!" permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Meanwhile, the Democrats got the GOP to demand Biden Era spending. Not much of a "cave" when the GOP starting position is to just keep the status quo on the majority of the spending. So far, only $9 billion of those DOGE cuts have been codified. permalink parent award report block reply armyofpedes4usa 27 points 3 days ago Wanted the shutdown to continue.  It was proof of we don't need most of the fed gov. permalink award report block reply newuser8 10 points 3 days ago Empty chair should be the motto permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 19 points 3 days ago They’re setting us up. Extends funding till late January. With a promised vote, that will fail because we’ll vote it down, to extend ACA subsidies in December. Subsidies run out January 1st. They want people to see their new premiums when their payment goes up from $300 to $1300. Then they’re going to shut it down again in late January, have us by the balls, and get everything they want. This shutdown it’s all just been intangible talk about something that hasn’t happened. Next time it won’t be. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 13 points 3 days ago If there is no answer from republicans on how to fix healthcare, extending the subsidies is the only way the country can move forward.  This was by design the second they passed the ACA, they knew it was so bad but now republicans have to find a way to fix it, since they can't get it repealed/replaced.  Maybe this will backfire when people see their new premiums and there will be more energy in repeal/replace/free market type solutions. At the very least, give the subsidy to the people, not the insurance companies. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 6 points 2 days ago The solution is to get the government out of healthcare. Legally abolish the individual mandate. Make healthcare benefits at work 100% deductible for businesses. Burn several thousand pages of laws regulating healthcare (including not being able to sue for vaccine injuries) leaving a couple of pages for the following: Patient's right to privacy
Patient's right to choose their doctor
Those with preexisting conditions must not be excluded.
Workers that get laid off can keep their healthcare benefits provided they pay for it entirely after 1 full year. That's it. That's the solution. You'll see semi-legitimate bitching and moaning for about 2 years but comparing facts on the ground your health care costs will not only be lower but you'll also be getting better healthcare since Doctors won't be swamped with administrative nonsense and will finally be free again to start their own practices instead of being slaves to the hospital system. permalink parent award report block reply themyst 1 points 2 days ago They haven’t enforced the individual mandate in years. Perks of trumps first term. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 1 points 2 days ago And they can start enforcing it any time they want. So how about abolishing that shit stain on the country instead of meekly accepting marginal and temporary victories? permalink parent award report block reply thatsallphoax 10 points 3 days ago People getting fucked by the failure of Obamacare: “Why would Trump do this?” 😩 permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 10 points 3 days ago If the Republicans were smart (they're not) they'd use this time to repeal and replace obamacare. Zero chance of that happening though. permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 2 points 3 days ago I don’t give a fuck if Obamacare premiums are $130,000/month. If they want a fix, they’ll get the repeal of the whole enchilada. permalink parent award report block reply tang81 2 points 3 days ago New premiums came out Nov 1. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... mykillk 15 points 3 days ago The one thing the Dems really stood their ground on and got as a concession was getting federal bureaucrats their jobs back. Shows you where their priorities really lie. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago getting federal bureaucrats their jobs back. What are you talking about? Nobody "got their job back." permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5BH8ru/shutdown-deal-includes-rehiring-/c permalink parent award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 2 points 2 days ago There's no sauce on that yet permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 1 points 2 days ago It was fox news permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago "Shutdown-related “reverse firing” provisions are largely symbolic because existing federal law already prevents almost all furloughed employees from being terminated due solely to a lapse in appropriations. Under 5 CFR Part 351, agencies must follow full Reduction in Force (RIF) procedures to remove or separate an employee, including defining a competitive area, establishing retention registers, and issuing a minimum 60-day written notice before separation; shutdown furloughs do not meet the regulatory criteria for a valid RIF cause because they are temporary and do not eliminate the position or funding source. Further, under the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019, all furloughed federal employees are automatically guaranteed restoration and full back pay once appropriations resume, without needing a special provision in a continuing resolution. As a result, only a small subset of employees—mainly probationary workers or individuals already undergoing an unrelated RIF—could be affected by a shutdown-based termination attempt. The law already protects the vast majority, so the “reverse firing” language affects very few workers and does not change the pre-existing legal requirements." @ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 12 points 3 days ago "Dems just can't stop losing" after they murdered Charlie Kirk and then showed up en mass to vote, we lost VA in a bloodbath, while Republicans stayed home lmao what world is OP living in with this headline? permalink award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 3 days ago lost VA in a bloodbath VA was going to get a Dem Governor regardless.  Four of the last six Virginia Governors were Democrats and Trump lost VA all three elections. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 3 points 2 days ago Not talking about VA gov. Talking about VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, losing their seats Please don't buy into the downplaying narrative permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 2 days ago VA is not a red state. These downstream races were not upsets. They were won on super thin margins. All three VA house seats were won by a few thousand votes. There was no bloodbath. Please stop promoting the Dems false talking point. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 0 points 2 days ago Incorrect. VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, lost their seats. No one saw it coming. Please stop parroting gay republican nonsense permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... TheRedPilledArtist 10 points 3 days ago Now that the SHAM elections we had in New Jersey and NYC are over, they say it's back to business as usual! Demons. permalink award report block reply Judesama 9 points 3 days ago DAMN IT!!! One more day was all I was asking for... ONE MORE DAY!!! Because at 41 days, Trump could commence  to literally GUTTING THE FK OUT OF ALL THOSE UN-NEEDED DEPARTMENTS IN THE GOV. Dems got scared overstepping their limits. They knew what the FK was coming. They literally lost a game of chicken... pussies. permalink award report block reply rocco_saint 7 points 3 days ago "Because at 41 days, Trump could commence to literally GUTTING THE FK OUT OF ALL THOSE UN-NEEDED DEPARTMENTS IN THE GOV." Ok explain this to me.  I'm out of the loop. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 8 points 3 days ago It's BS. There is no 41 day magic. There is no 60 day magic. There is no 90 day magic. There is no law that kicks in when a shutdown has been so many days. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 4 points 2 days ago OP is retarded permalink parent award report block reply Trad_Americans_Only 6 points 3 days ago You know trump can veto and just say they have to pass a budget and no more CR’s permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 3 days ago Because at 41 days There is no 41 day rule. That's total BS. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago The shutdown will not end until at least Wednesday, day 43.  So, massive layoffs happening today, right? I'm being sarcastic. There is no 40+ day law. permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 7 points 2 days ago losing? they're winning elections. we are the ones losing. permalink award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 2 days ago They're cheating in their elections,  it means nothing permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 2 days ago It means a lot, actually. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago It means a Hell of a lot when Trump hasn't done what he said during the campaign about investigating any election fraud in 2024, 2022, and 2020. We all saw that substantial lead the GOP had in the House and Senate dwindle down over the next month of counting, and the Democrats pick up nearly all those seats. That's statistically improbable, yet Democrats nearly always win the races where the counting goes on longer than the week of the election. permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 2 days ago If they are cheating, it's because our administration won't don anything about it. Especially since Trump has claimed "we caught them" during 2020. Him claiming they stole the election isn't just him bullshitting, but he refuses to do anything about it. permalink parent award report block reply conservativefrank 7 points 3 days ago They're going to lose themselves to control of the House and Senate at the midterms. permalink award report block reply rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago A perfect 60. Very orchestrated on the part of the Dems. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Just enough votes from safe seats. Same how the RINOs always have enough votes against their own party to get anything done permalink parent award report block reply Steve56775 4 points 3 days ago They just finalized their plan to steal the midterms. permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago What concessions did we make to get those votes?? permalink award report block reply BrewSwillis 3 points 3 days ago Dems just can't stop losing Unless you're talking about elections. Because, somehow, they are still winning those. permalink award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 0 points 2 days ago They're cheating, you tard permalink parent award report block reply BrewSwillis 1 points 2 days ago No shit. But nobody's really doing anything about it. There should be a special task force examining the 2020 election. Find out how they cheated, and start making arrests. Start in Detroit, Atlanta, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and Maricopa County. permalink parent award report block reply shadily0524 3 points 3 days ago WE LOST WE COULD HAVE NUKED THE FILLIBUSTER! NOW TRUMP IS FILLIBUSTER LOCKED permalink award report block reply keeman 3 points 3 days ago So now they will vote to continue absolutely insane COVID emergency levels of spending.  And this is supposedly a win for us.  I'm just waiting to find out what the 8 Dems were really promised.  It will be more swamp I am sure. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 3 points 2 days ago Democrats just won alot of major positions. permalink award report block reply PunishedOrange 3 points 3 days ago blue states actually won hardcore in this, banning of hemp THC above .4% snuck in the bill = more taxes for them permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 days ago This is so frustrating. East Coast dosages are already so much lower than the West Coast states that legalized long ago. Keef soda sells 100 mg soda, but MD only allows 10 mg for the same price. permalink parent award report block reply sarsaparilla 1 points 2 days ago Who gives a fuck permalink parent award report block reply Lightning 3 points 2 days ago The dems got what they wanted with the big blow out results on election night. Mark my words: they will do another government shutdown before the 2026 mid terms. They have the playbook now and they know what works to animate their base. permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 2 points 3 days ago We all lost on this one, and the other one, and the next one permalink award report block reply RandyMoss 2 points 2 days ago Are you really this stupid? This is a huge win for the Dems. It's literally BIDENs bill budget being extended. And the idiots on this site get mad at Rand Paul for voting against a bill that represents EVERYTHING they want changed in DC. permalink award report block reply journalist 2 points 3 days ago They don’t lose in their elections for some reason? permalink award report block reply VirTW 2 points 3 days ago Making them stay overnight brought them right to the table :P permalink award report block reply Saltyminer11 1 points 2 days ago That place is a whorehouse permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 1 points 3 days ago So, a handful of Democrats caved to this bill. I'm curious what might happen later on down the road with these particular Democrats. Obviously I'm expecting them to get primaried, but since they've caved, before they get primaried out of office I wonder if they'd even begin to let Trump's agenda pass even without the filibuster being nuked? ...Well okay, I doubt that, but you never know. Regardless the filibuster still needs to be nuked, Trump should continue pressuring it. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 3 days ago filibuster!! FUCK THEM!!! permalink award report block reply new_guy2 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 61 points 3 days ago This is just the cloture vote "end debate", not the vote on the actual law.  However, that vote is a formality at this point.  There are some rules that let Senators stall a little (fucking Rand Paul). Then it goes back to the House where they have to pass it.  That only requires a simple majority, but Republicans might find a way to mess that up. permalink award report block reply PapaPepe 46 points 3 days ago Fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 48 points 3 days ago Rand Paul is a fucking joke. He used to stand for something but now he's an empty suit. What happened to that man? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 47 points 3 days ago 2015 Republican Presidential Debate. No. Really. Go back and watch Trump own the ever living Shit out of Rand on that stage. Rands been a butthurt, vindictive little bitch ever since. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 21 points 3 days ago Trump insulted his hair and he never recovered. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TheRedPilledArtist 13 points 3 days ago Rand couldn't take it like a man. Rand is not a man. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 6 points 2 days ago Aka McCain syndrome permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 2 days ago 100%. He's realized too that Trump gets results and his little limped-dick libertarianism gets him scorn. permalink parent award report block reply JohnVoight 8 points 3 days ago I’m not sure he ever did with the benefit of hindsight. His father sure did. I’m not sure Rand ever did except for the contrarian viewpoint. You’d think he’d grow some balls after his lefty neighbor beat him. Now am thinking is that where he turned for good 🤔 Rand Paul is a compromised joke. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 7 points 3 days ago His fater used to stand for something. Rand Paul has ALWAYS been a bitch when it comes to doing anything to help citizens. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing -2 points 2 days ago You're ignorant. Rand Paul and Ron Paul agree on everything. You can look at the Liberty Report and check it out yourself: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/ And some highlights... Ron's opposed to drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/as-trump-continues-military-build-up-republicans-sour-on-venezuela-invasion Ron doesn't like tariffs: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/finally-senate-pushed-back-on-trump-tariffs More on the "narco-terrorist" thing: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/the-war-on-narco-terrorism-is-the-new-war-on-terrorismand-will-end-just-as-badly Stuff on the U.S. China trade war: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/trump-trade-war-chaos-with-china-who-benefits More on drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/high-crimes-on-the-high-seas You NPCs really need to actually spend a few minutes and actually check what you think you believe. permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside 23 points 3 days ago The 8 Democrats who caved for those that want to know Angus King (Maine) Catherine Cortez Masto (Nevada) Dick Durbin (Illinois) Jacky Rosen (Nevada) Jeanne Shaheen (New Hampshire) John Fetterman (Pennsylvania) Maggie Hassan (New Hampshire) Tim Kaine (Virginia) permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 14 points 3 days ago Three of them voted for the CR each time so technically they didn’t cave. The other seven were the one that caved. I’m surprised both MD senators and one of the VA senators voted no since most federal workers live in those two states and were being affected the most. permalink parent award report block reply rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago Besides Fedderman, they had their marching orders. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 8 points 3 days ago I could be wrong, but I think Fetterman was one of the ones that voted for the CR each time, I'd have to go look. I just remember him showing up in my feeds a lot talking about how he wasn't going to toe the party line on the CR. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 6 points 3 days ago Everyone except kaine and durbin are in difficult position scome their next election.  I assume kaine  and durbin are just channeling his inner-neocon, but ill take it. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago All purple states permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 3 days ago Not Illinois and Virginia. Also Tim Kaine? permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 3 days ago Festerman can vote against them now since he is being replaced. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 9 points 3 days ago stop fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply gb1787 8 points 3 days ago I never started permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 6 points 3 days ago Well have you considered that was why he might be unhappy? Stop being so selfish, damnit! permalink parent award report block reply Basedpeda 2 points 3 days ago Has his father weighed in on him permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Him and his father have the exact same beliefs. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 6 points 3 days ago The sad part is that Ron Paul was awesome, but Rand Paul is a useless RINO. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 2 days ago When did Rand transition, he must have been one of the first to transition before the procedure was perfected. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Viewer01 17 points 3 days ago I hate how we get idealists like Rand that are functionally useless and Dems get Pelosi and Schumer and other actually adroit politicians. permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 15 points 3 days ago I thought we wanted the shutdown to go on for as long as possible? When did you guys decide we needed to start paying out SNAP gibs? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 3 days ago WE did. Republicans didn’t want to starve joggers at thanksgiving nor have people whining about flights. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago That's one theory. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 10 points 3 days ago We should have bribed Pelosi to become a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 6 points 3 days ago Don't give Rand that much credit, he's not an idealist. He's never Trump first. permalink parent award report block reply
PapaPepe 46 points 3 days ago Fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 48 points 3 days ago Rand Paul is a fucking joke. He used to stand for something but now he's an empty suit. What happened to that man? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 47 points 3 days ago 2015 Republican Presidential Debate. No. Really. Go back and watch Trump own the ever living Shit out of Rand on that stage. Rands been a butthurt, vindictive little bitch ever since. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 21 points 3 days ago Trump insulted his hair and he never recovered. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TheRedPilledArtist 13 points 3 days ago Rand couldn't take it like a man. Rand is not a man. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 6 points 2 days ago Aka McCain syndrome permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 2 days ago 100%. He's realized too that Trump gets results and his little limped-dick libertarianism gets him scorn. permalink parent award report block reply JohnVoight 8 points 3 days ago I’m not sure he ever did with the benefit of hindsight. His father sure did. I’m not sure Rand ever did except for the contrarian viewpoint. You’d think he’d grow some balls after his lefty neighbor beat him. Now am thinking is that where he turned for good 🤔 Rand Paul is a compromised joke. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 7 points 3 days ago His fater used to stand for something. Rand Paul has ALWAYS been a bitch when it comes to doing anything to help citizens. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing -2 points 2 days ago You're ignorant. Rand Paul and Ron Paul agree on everything. You can look at the Liberty Report and check it out yourself: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/ And some highlights... Ron's opposed to drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/as-trump-continues-military-build-up-republicans-sour-on-venezuela-invasion Ron doesn't like tariffs: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/finally-senate-pushed-back-on-trump-tariffs More on the "narco-terrorist" thing: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/the-war-on-narco-terrorism-is-the-new-war-on-terrorismand-will-end-just-as-badly Stuff on the U.S. China trade war: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/trump-trade-war-chaos-with-china-who-benefits More on drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/high-crimes-on-the-high-seas You NPCs really need to actually spend a few minutes and actually check what you think you believe. permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Rightside 23 points 3 days ago The 8 Democrats who caved for those that want to know Angus King (Maine) Catherine Cortez Masto (Nevada) Dick Durbin (Illinois) Jacky Rosen (Nevada) Jeanne Shaheen (New Hampshire) John Fetterman (Pennsylvania) Maggie Hassan (New Hampshire) Tim Kaine (Virginia) permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 14 points 3 days ago Three of them voted for the CR each time so technically they didn’t cave. The other seven were the one that caved. I’m surprised both MD senators and one of the VA senators voted no since most federal workers live in those two states and were being affected the most. permalink parent award report block reply rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago Besides Fedderman, they had their marching orders. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 8 points 3 days ago I could be wrong, but I think Fetterman was one of the ones that voted for the CR each time, I'd have to go look. I just remember him showing up in my feeds a lot talking about how he wasn't going to toe the party line on the CR. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 6 points 3 days ago Everyone except kaine and durbin are in difficult position scome their next election.  I assume kaine  and durbin are just channeling his inner-neocon, but ill take it. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago All purple states permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 3 days ago Not Illinois and Virginia. Also Tim Kaine? permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 3 days ago Festerman can vote against them now since he is being replaced. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 9 points 3 days ago stop fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply gb1787 8 points 3 days ago I never started permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 6 points 3 days ago Well have you considered that was why he might be unhappy? Stop being so selfish, damnit! permalink parent award report block reply Basedpeda 2 points 3 days ago Has his father weighed in on him permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Him and his father have the exact same beliefs. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 6 points 3 days ago The sad part is that Ron Paul was awesome, but Rand Paul is a useless RINO. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 2 days ago When did Rand transition, he must have been one of the first to transition before the procedure was perfected. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
TheRedPilledArtist 48 points 3 days ago Rand Paul is a fucking joke. He used to stand for something but now he's an empty suit. What happened to that man? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 47 points 3 days ago 2015 Republican Presidential Debate. No. Really. Go back and watch Trump own the ever living Shit out of Rand on that stage. Rands been a butthurt, vindictive little bitch ever since. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 21 points 3 days ago Trump insulted his hair and he never recovered. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TheRedPilledArtist 13 points 3 days ago Rand couldn't take it like a man. Rand is not a man. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 6 points 2 days ago Aka McCain syndrome permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 2 days ago 100%. He's realized too that Trump gets results and his little limped-dick libertarianism gets him scorn. permalink parent award report block reply JohnVoight 8 points 3 days ago I’m not sure he ever did with the benefit of hindsight. His father sure did. I’m not sure Rand ever did except for the contrarian viewpoint. You’d think he’d grow some balls after his lefty neighbor beat him. Now am thinking is that where he turned for good 🤔 Rand Paul is a compromised joke. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 7 points 3 days ago His fater used to stand for something. Rand Paul has ALWAYS been a bitch when it comes to doing anything to help citizens. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing -2 points 2 days ago You're ignorant. Rand Paul and Ron Paul agree on everything. You can look at the Liberty Report and check it out yourself: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/ And some highlights... Ron's opposed to drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/as-trump-continues-military-build-up-republicans-sour-on-venezuela-invasion Ron doesn't like tariffs: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/finally-senate-pushed-back-on-trump-tariffs More on the "narco-terrorist" thing: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/the-war-on-narco-terrorism-is-the-new-war-on-terrorismand-will-end-just-as-badly Stuff on the U.S. China trade war: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/trump-trade-war-chaos-with-china-who-benefits More on drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/high-crimes-on-the-high-seas You NPCs really need to actually spend a few minutes and actually check what you think you believe. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 47 points 3 days ago 2015 Republican Presidential Debate. No. Really. Go back and watch Trump own the ever living Shit out of Rand on that stage. Rands been a butthurt, vindictive little bitch ever since. permalink parent award report block reply AndanteAndante 21 points 3 days ago Trump insulted his hair and he never recovered. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TheRedPilledArtist 13 points 3 days ago Rand couldn't take it like a man. Rand is not a man. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 6 points 2 days ago Aka McCain syndrome permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 2 days ago 100%. He's realized too that Trump gets results and his little limped-dick libertarianism gets him scorn. permalink parent award report block reply
AndanteAndante 21 points 3 days ago Trump insulted his hair and he never recovered. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TheRedPilledArtist 13 points 3 days ago Rand couldn't take it like a man. Rand is not a man. permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 6 points 2 days ago Aka McCain syndrome permalink parent award report block reply
45fan 3 points 2 days ago 100%. He's realized too that Trump gets results and his little limped-dick libertarianism gets him scorn. permalink parent award report block reply
JohnVoight 8 points 3 days ago I’m not sure he ever did with the benefit of hindsight. His father sure did. I’m not sure Rand ever did except for the contrarian viewpoint. You’d think he’d grow some balls after his lefty neighbor beat him. Now am thinking is that where he turned for good 🤔 Rand Paul is a compromised joke. permalink parent award report block reply
USDMaga 7 points 3 days ago His fater used to stand for something. Rand Paul has ALWAYS been a bitch when it comes to doing anything to help citizens. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing -2 points 2 days ago You're ignorant. Rand Paul and Ron Paul agree on everything. You can look at the Liberty Report and check it out yourself: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/ And some highlights... Ron's opposed to drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/as-trump-continues-military-build-up-republicans-sour-on-venezuela-invasion Ron doesn't like tariffs: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/finally-senate-pushed-back-on-trump-tariffs More on the "narco-terrorist" thing: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/the-war-on-narco-terrorism-is-the-new-war-on-terrorismand-will-end-just-as-badly Stuff on the U.S. China trade war: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/trump-trade-war-chaos-with-china-who-benefits More on drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/high-crimes-on-the-high-seas You NPCs really need to actually spend a few minutes and actually check what you think you believe. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing -2 points 2 days ago You're ignorant. Rand Paul and Ron Paul agree on everything. You can look at the Liberty Report and check it out yourself: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/ And some highlights... Ron's opposed to drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/as-trump-continues-military-build-up-republicans-sour-on-venezuela-invasion Ron doesn't like tariffs: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/finally-senate-pushed-back-on-trump-tariffs More on the "narco-terrorist" thing: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/the-war-on-narco-terrorism-is-the-new-war-on-terrorismand-will-end-just-as-badly Stuff on the U.S. China trade war: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/trump-trade-war-chaos-with-china-who-benefits More on drone striking drug boats: http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/high-crimes-on-the-high-seas You NPCs really need to actually spend a few minutes and actually check what you think you believe. permalink parent award report block reply
Mr_Rightside 23 points 3 days ago The 8 Democrats who caved for those that want to know Angus King (Maine) Catherine Cortez Masto (Nevada) Dick Durbin (Illinois) Jacky Rosen (Nevada) Jeanne Shaheen (New Hampshire) John Fetterman (Pennsylvania) Maggie Hassan (New Hampshire) Tim Kaine (Virginia) permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 14 points 3 days ago Three of them voted for the CR each time so technically they didn’t cave. The other seven were the one that caved. I’m surprised both MD senators and one of the VA senators voted no since most federal workers live in those two states and were being affected the most. permalink parent award report block reply rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago Besides Fedderman, they had their marching orders. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 8 points 3 days ago I could be wrong, but I think Fetterman was one of the ones that voted for the CR each time, I'd have to go look. I just remember him showing up in my feeds a lot talking about how he wasn't going to toe the party line on the CR. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 6 points 3 days ago Everyone except kaine and durbin are in difficult position scome their next election.  I assume kaine  and durbin are just channeling his inner-neocon, but ill take it. permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago All purple states permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 3 days ago Not Illinois and Virginia. Also Tim Kaine? permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 3 days ago Festerman can vote against them now since he is being replaced. permalink parent award report block reply
goldkeyboardwarrior 14 points 3 days ago Three of them voted for the CR each time so technically they didn’t cave. The other seven were the one that caved. I’m surprised both MD senators and one of the VA senators voted no since most federal workers live in those two states and were being affected the most. permalink parent award report block reply rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago Besides Fedderman, they had their marching orders. permalink parent award report block reply
rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago Besides Fedderman, they had their marching orders. permalink parent award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 8 points 3 days ago I could be wrong, but I think Fetterman was one of the ones that voted for the CR each time, I'd have to go look. I just remember him showing up in my feeds a lot talking about how he wasn't going to toe the party line on the CR. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 6 points 3 days ago Everyone except kaine and durbin are in difficult position scome their next election.  I assume kaine  and durbin are just channeling his inner-neocon, but ill take it. permalink parent award report block reply
mykillk 4 points 3 days ago All purple states permalink parent award report block reply BloodElfSupporter 7 points 3 days ago Not Illinois and Virginia. Also Tim Kaine? permalink parent award report block reply
BloodElfSupporter 7 points 3 days ago Not Illinois and Virginia. Also Tim Kaine? permalink parent award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 2 points 3 days ago Festerman can vote against them now since he is being replaced. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 9 points 3 days ago stop fucking Rand Paul permalink parent award report block reply gb1787 8 points 3 days ago I never started permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 6 points 3 days ago Well have you considered that was why he might be unhappy? Stop being so selfish, damnit! permalink parent award report block reply Basedpeda 2 points 3 days ago Has his father weighed in on him permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Him and his father have the exact same beliefs. permalink parent award report block reply
gb1787 8 points 3 days ago I never started permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 6 points 3 days ago Well have you considered that was why he might be unhappy? Stop being so selfish, damnit! permalink parent award report block reply
Hikedelics 6 points 3 days ago Well have you considered that was why he might be unhappy? Stop being so selfish, damnit! permalink parent award report block reply
Basedpeda 2 points 3 days ago Has his father weighed in on him permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Him and his father have the exact same beliefs. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Him and his father have the exact same beliefs. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 6 points 3 days ago The sad part is that Ron Paul was awesome, but Rand Paul is a useless RINO. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 1 points 2 days ago When did Rand transition, he must have been one of the first to transition before the procedure was perfected. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 17 points 3 days ago I hate how we get idealists like Rand that are functionally useless and Dems get Pelosi and Schumer and other actually adroit politicians. permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 15 points 3 days ago I thought we wanted the shutdown to go on for as long as possible? When did you guys decide we needed to start paying out SNAP gibs? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 3 days ago WE did. Republicans didn’t want to starve joggers at thanksgiving nor have people whining about flights. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago That's one theory. permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 10 points 3 days ago We should have bribed Pelosi to become a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply SemperFidelis231 6 points 3 days ago Don't give Rand that much credit, he's not an idealist. He's never Trump first. permalink parent award report block reply
Hikedelics 15 points 3 days ago I thought we wanted the shutdown to go on for as long as possible? When did you guys decide we needed to start paying out SNAP gibs? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 3 days ago WE did. Republicans didn’t want to starve joggers at thanksgiving nor have people whining about flights. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago That's one theory. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 3 points 3 days ago WE did. Republicans didn’t want to starve joggers at thanksgiving nor have people whining about flights. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago That's one theory. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago That's one theory. permalink parent award report block reply
JohnN 10 points 3 days ago We should have bribed Pelosi to become a Republican. permalink parent award report block reply
SemperFidelis231 6 points 3 days ago Don't give Rand that much credit, he's not an idealist. He's never Trump first. permalink parent award report block reply
DatTrumpDoh 40 points 3 days ago Imagine shutting down the government for over a month only to cave on literally everything you shut it down over. Even coming off winning elections less than a week ago, Dems are fucking pathetic. permalink award report block reply ConvergenceMan 20 points 3 days ago Better the Dems be pathetic than the Republicans be even more pathetic permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 4 points 2 days ago They didn’t cave, there are deals made that aren’t announced.  Biden spending levels continue, inflation continues. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 18 points 3 days ago They did it for the election. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 8 points 3 days ago They were already going to fold. When they had to work the weekend too that was just too much to ask. permalink parent award report block reply DeplorableCentipede 7 points 3 days ago Redditors are seething so hard. permalink parent award report block reply aoneleggedduck 2 points 2 days ago It's fucking hysterical to me seeing Dems flip out over this while simultaneously parrot their programmed "republicans control all branches of government! This is their shutdown!" permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Meanwhile, the Democrats got the GOP to demand Biden Era spending. Not much of a "cave" when the GOP starting position is to just keep the status quo on the majority of the spending. So far, only $9 billion of those DOGE cuts have been codified. permalink parent award report block reply
ConvergenceMan 20 points 3 days ago Better the Dems be pathetic than the Republicans be even more pathetic permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 4 points 2 days ago They didn’t cave, there are deals made that aren’t announced.  Biden spending levels continue, inflation continues. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 4 points 2 days ago They didn’t cave, there are deals made that aren’t announced.  Biden spending levels continue, inflation continues. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 18 points 3 days ago They did it for the election. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 8 points 3 days ago They were already going to fold. When they had to work the weekend too that was just too much to ask. permalink parent award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 8 points 3 days ago They were already going to fold. When they had to work the weekend too that was just too much to ask. permalink parent award report block reply
DeplorableCentipede 7 points 3 days ago Redditors are seething so hard. permalink parent award report block reply aoneleggedduck 2 points 2 days ago It's fucking hysterical to me seeing Dems flip out over this while simultaneously parrot their programmed "republicans control all branches of government! This is their shutdown!" permalink parent award report block reply
aoneleggedduck 2 points 2 days ago It's fucking hysterical to me seeing Dems flip out over this while simultaneously parrot their programmed "republicans control all branches of government! This is their shutdown!" permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 1 points 2 days ago Meanwhile, the Democrats got the GOP to demand Biden Era spending. Not much of a "cave" when the GOP starting position is to just keep the status quo on the majority of the spending. So far, only $9 billion of those DOGE cuts have been codified. permalink parent award report block reply
armyofpedes4usa 27 points 3 days ago Wanted the shutdown to continue.  It was proof of we don't need most of the fed gov. permalink award report block reply newuser8 10 points 3 days ago Empty chair should be the motto permalink parent award report block reply
newuser8 10 points 3 days ago Empty chair should be the motto permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 19 points 3 days ago They’re setting us up. Extends funding till late January. With a promised vote, that will fail because we’ll vote it down, to extend ACA subsidies in December. Subsidies run out January 1st. They want people to see their new premiums when their payment goes up from $300 to $1300. Then they’re going to shut it down again in late January, have us by the balls, and get everything they want. This shutdown it’s all just been intangible talk about something that hasn’t happened. Next time it won’t be. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 13 points 3 days ago If there is no answer from republicans on how to fix healthcare, extending the subsidies is the only way the country can move forward.  This was by design the second they passed the ACA, they knew it was so bad but now republicans have to find a way to fix it, since they can't get it repealed/replaced.  Maybe this will backfire when people see their new premiums and there will be more energy in repeal/replace/free market type solutions. At the very least, give the subsidy to the people, not the insurance companies. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 6 points 2 days ago The solution is to get the government out of healthcare. Legally abolish the individual mandate. Make healthcare benefits at work 100% deductible for businesses. Burn several thousand pages of laws regulating healthcare (including not being able to sue for vaccine injuries) leaving a couple of pages for the following: Patient's right to privacy
Patient's right to choose their doctor
Those with preexisting conditions must not be excluded.
Workers that get laid off can keep their healthcare benefits provided they pay for it entirely after 1 full year. That's it. That's the solution. You'll see semi-legitimate bitching and moaning for about 2 years but comparing facts on the ground your health care costs will not only be lower but you'll also be getting better healthcare since Doctors won't be swamped with administrative nonsense and will finally be free again to start their own practices instead of being slaves to the hospital system. permalink parent award report block reply themyst 1 points 2 days ago They haven’t enforced the individual mandate in years. Perks of trumps first term. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 1 points 2 days ago And they can start enforcing it any time they want. So how about abolishing that shit stain on the country instead of meekly accepting marginal and temporary victories? permalink parent award report block reply thatsallphoax 10 points 3 days ago People getting fucked by the failure of Obamacare: “Why would Trump do this?” 😩 permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 10 points 3 days ago If the Republicans were smart (they're not) they'd use this time to repeal and replace obamacare. Zero chance of that happening though. permalink parent award report block reply Hikedelics 2 points 3 days ago I don’t give a fuck if Obamacare premiums are $130,000/month. If they want a fix, they’ll get the repeal of the whole enchilada. permalink parent award report block reply tang81 2 points 3 days ago New premiums came out Nov 1. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
monkadelic 13 points 3 days ago If there is no answer from republicans on how to fix healthcare, extending the subsidies is the only way the country can move forward.  This was by design the second they passed the ACA, they knew it was so bad but now republicans have to find a way to fix it, since they can't get it repealed/replaced.  Maybe this will backfire when people see their new premiums and there will be more energy in repeal/replace/free market type solutions. At the very least, give the subsidy to the people, not the insurance companies. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 6 points 2 days ago The solution is to get the government out of healthcare. Legally abolish the individual mandate. Make healthcare benefits at work 100% deductible for businesses. Burn several thousand pages of laws regulating healthcare (including not being able to sue for vaccine injuries) leaving a couple of pages for the following: Patient's right to privacy
Patient's right to choose their doctor
Those with preexisting conditions must not be excluded.
Workers that get laid off can keep their healthcare benefits provided they pay for it entirely after 1 full year. That's it. That's the solution. You'll see semi-legitimate bitching and moaning for about 2 years but comparing facts on the ground your health care costs will not only be lower but you'll also be getting better healthcare since Doctors won't be swamped with administrative nonsense and will finally be free again to start their own practices instead of being slaves to the hospital system. permalink parent award report block reply themyst 1 points 2 days ago They haven’t enforced the individual mandate in years. Perks of trumps first term. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 1 points 2 days ago And they can start enforcing it any time they want. So how about abolishing that shit stain on the country instead of meekly accepting marginal and temporary victories? permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpwon306 6 points 2 days ago The solution is to get the government out of healthcare. Legally abolish the individual mandate. Make healthcare benefits at work 100% deductible for businesses. Burn several thousand pages of laws regulating healthcare (including not being able to sue for vaccine injuries) leaving a couple of pages for the following: Patient's right to privacy
Patient's right to choose their doctor
Those with preexisting conditions must not be excluded.
Workers that get laid off can keep their healthcare benefits provided they pay for it entirely after 1 full year. That's it. That's the solution. You'll see semi-legitimate bitching and moaning for about 2 years but comparing facts on the ground your health care costs will not only be lower but you'll also be getting better healthcare since Doctors won't be swamped with administrative nonsense and will finally be free again to start their own practices instead of being slaves to the hospital system. permalink parent award report block reply themyst 1 points 2 days ago They haven’t enforced the individual mandate in years. Perks of trumps first term. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 1 points 2 days ago And they can start enforcing it any time they want. So how about abolishing that shit stain on the country instead of meekly accepting marginal and temporary victories? permalink parent award report block reply
themyst 1 points 2 days ago They haven’t enforced the individual mandate in years. Perks of trumps first term. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpwon306 1 points 2 days ago And they can start enforcing it any time they want. So how about abolishing that shit stain on the country instead of meekly accepting marginal and temporary victories? permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpwon306 1 points 2 days ago And they can start enforcing it any time they want. So how about abolishing that shit stain on the country instead of meekly accepting marginal and temporary victories? permalink parent award report block reply
thatsallphoax 10 points 3 days ago People getting fucked by the failure of Obamacare: “Why would Trump do this?” 😩 permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 10 points 3 days ago If the Republicans were smart (they're not) they'd use this time to repeal and replace obamacare. Zero chance of that happening though. permalink parent award report block reply
Hikedelics 2 points 3 days ago I don’t give a fuck if Obamacare premiums are $130,000/month. If they want a fix, they’ll get the repeal of the whole enchilada. permalink parent award report block reply
tang81 2 points 3 days ago New premiums came out Nov 1. permalink parent award report block reply
mykillk 15 points 3 days ago The one thing the Dems really stood their ground on and got as a concession was getting federal bureaucrats their jobs back. Shows you where their priorities really lie. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago getting federal bureaucrats their jobs back. What are you talking about? Nobody "got their job back." permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5BH8ru/shutdown-deal-includes-rehiring-/c permalink parent award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 2 points 2 days ago There's no sauce on that yet permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 1 points 2 days ago It was fox news permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago "Shutdown-related “reverse firing” provisions are largely symbolic because existing federal law already prevents almost all furloughed employees from being terminated due solely to a lapse in appropriations. Under 5 CFR Part 351, agencies must follow full Reduction in Force (RIF) procedures to remove or separate an employee, including defining a competitive area, establishing retention registers, and issuing a minimum 60-day written notice before separation; shutdown furloughs do not meet the regulatory criteria for a valid RIF cause because they are temporary and do not eliminate the position or funding source. Further, under the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019, all furloughed federal employees are automatically guaranteed restoration and full back pay once appropriations resume, without needing a special provision in a continuing resolution. As a result, only a small subset of employees—mainly probationary workers or individuals already undergoing an unrelated RIF—could be affected by a shutdown-based termination attempt. The law already protects the vast majority, so the “reverse firing” language affects very few workers and does not change the pre-existing legal requirements." @ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 2 points 3 days ago getting federal bureaucrats their jobs back. What are you talking about? Nobody "got their job back." permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 4 points 3 days ago https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5BH8ru/shutdown-deal-includes-rehiring-/c permalink parent award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 2 points 2 days ago There's no sauce on that yet permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 1 points 2 days ago It was fox news permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago "Shutdown-related “reverse firing” provisions are largely symbolic because existing federal law already prevents almost all furloughed employees from being terminated due solely to a lapse in appropriations. Under 5 CFR Part 351, agencies must follow full Reduction in Force (RIF) procedures to remove or separate an employee, including defining a competitive area, establishing retention registers, and issuing a minimum 60-day written notice before separation; shutdown furloughs do not meet the regulatory criteria for a valid RIF cause because they are temporary and do not eliminate the position or funding source. Further, under the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019, all furloughed federal employees are automatically guaranteed restoration and full back pay once appropriations resume, without needing a special provision in a continuing resolution. As a result, only a small subset of employees—mainly probationary workers or individuals already undergoing an unrelated RIF—could be affected by a shutdown-based termination attempt. The law already protects the vast majority, so the “reverse firing” language affects very few workers and does not change the pre-existing legal requirements." @ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply
mykillk 4 points 3 days ago https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5BH8ru/shutdown-deal-includes-rehiring-/c permalink parent award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 2 points 2 days ago There's no sauce on that yet permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 1 points 2 days ago It was fox news permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago "Shutdown-related “reverse firing” provisions are largely symbolic because existing federal law already prevents almost all furloughed employees from being terminated due solely to a lapse in appropriations. Under 5 CFR Part 351, agencies must follow full Reduction in Force (RIF) procedures to remove or separate an employee, including defining a competitive area, establishing retention registers, and issuing a minimum 60-day written notice before separation; shutdown furloughs do not meet the regulatory criteria for a valid RIF cause because they are temporary and do not eliminate the position or funding source. Further, under the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019, all furloughed federal employees are automatically guaranteed restoration and full back pay once appropriations resume, without needing a special provision in a continuing resolution. As a result, only a small subset of employees—mainly probationary workers or individuals already undergoing an unrelated RIF—could be affected by a shutdown-based termination attempt. The law already protects the vast majority, so the “reverse firing” language affects very few workers and does not change the pre-existing legal requirements." @ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply
NoSteppyonmyPepe 2 points 2 days ago There's no sauce on that yet permalink parent award report block reply mykillk 1 points 2 days ago It was fox news permalink parent award report block reply
mykillk 1 points 2 days ago It was fox news permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago "Shutdown-related “reverse firing” provisions are largely symbolic because existing federal law already prevents almost all furloughed employees from being terminated due solely to a lapse in appropriations. Under 5 CFR Part 351, agencies must follow full Reduction in Force (RIF) procedures to remove or separate an employee, including defining a competitive area, establishing retention registers, and issuing a minimum 60-day written notice before separation; shutdown furloughs do not meet the regulatory criteria for a valid RIF cause because they are temporary and do not eliminate the position or funding source. Further, under the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019, all furloughed federal employees are automatically guaranteed restoration and full back pay once appropriations resume, without needing a special provision in a continuing resolution. As a result, only a small subset of employees—mainly probationary workers or individuals already undergoing an unrelated RIF—could be affected by a shutdown-based termination attempt. The law already protects the vast majority, so the “reverse firing” language affects very few workers and does not change the pre-existing legal requirements." @ChatGPT permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 12 points 3 days ago "Dems just can't stop losing" after they murdered Charlie Kirk and then showed up en mass to vote, we lost VA in a bloodbath, while Republicans stayed home lmao what world is OP living in with this headline? permalink award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 3 days ago lost VA in a bloodbath VA was going to get a Dem Governor regardless.  Four of the last six Virginia Governors were Democrats and Trump lost VA all three elections. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 3 points 2 days ago Not talking about VA gov. Talking about VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, losing their seats Please don't buy into the downplaying narrative permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 2 days ago VA is not a red state. These downstream races were not upsets. They were won on super thin margins. All three VA house seats were won by a few thousand votes. There was no bloodbath. Please stop promoting the Dems false talking point. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 0 points 2 days ago Incorrect. VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, lost their seats. No one saw it coming. Please stop parroting gay republican nonsense permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Repentnow 3 points 3 days ago lost VA in a bloodbath VA was going to get a Dem Governor regardless.  Four of the last six Virginia Governors were Democrats and Trump lost VA all three elections. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 3 points 2 days ago Not talking about VA gov. Talking about VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, losing their seats Please don't buy into the downplaying narrative permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 2 days ago VA is not a red state. These downstream races were not upsets. They were won on super thin margins. All three VA house seats were won by a few thousand votes. There was no bloodbath. Please stop promoting the Dems false talking point. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 0 points 2 days ago Incorrect. VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, lost their seats. No one saw it coming. Please stop parroting gay republican nonsense permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 3 points 2 days ago Not talking about VA gov. Talking about VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, losing their seats Please don't buy into the downplaying narrative permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 2 days ago VA is not a red state. These downstream races were not upsets. They were won on super thin margins. All three VA house seats were won by a few thousand votes. There was no bloodbath. Please stop promoting the Dems false talking point. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 0 points 2 days ago Incorrect. VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, lost their seats. No one saw it coming. Please stop parroting gay republican nonsense permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Repentnow -1 points 2 days ago VA is not a red state. These downstream races were not upsets. They were won on super thin margins. All three VA house seats were won by a few thousand votes. There was no bloodbath. Please stop promoting the Dems false talking point. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 0 points 2 days ago Incorrect. VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, lost their seats. No one saw it coming. Please stop parroting gay republican nonsense permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 0 points 2 days ago Incorrect. VA incumbents who weren't supposed to have a competitive race and have been in office for 20 years, lost their seats. No one saw it coming. Please stop parroting gay republican nonsense permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
TheRedPilledArtist 10 points 3 days ago Now that the SHAM elections we had in New Jersey and NYC are over, they say it's back to business as usual! Demons. permalink award report block reply
Judesama 9 points 3 days ago DAMN IT!!! One more day was all I was asking for... ONE MORE DAY!!! Because at 41 days, Trump could commence  to literally GUTTING THE FK OUT OF ALL THOSE UN-NEEDED DEPARTMENTS IN THE GOV. Dems got scared overstepping their limits. They knew what the FK was coming. They literally lost a game of chicken... pussies. permalink award report block reply rocco_saint 7 points 3 days ago "Because at 41 days, Trump could commence to literally GUTTING THE FK OUT OF ALL THOSE UN-NEEDED DEPARTMENTS IN THE GOV." Ok explain this to me.  I'm out of the loop. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 8 points 3 days ago It's BS. There is no 41 day magic. There is no 60 day magic. There is no 90 day magic. There is no law that kicks in when a shutdown has been so many days. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 4 points 2 days ago OP is retarded permalink parent award report block reply Trad_Americans_Only 6 points 3 days ago You know trump can veto and just say they have to pass a budget and no more CR’s permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 3 days ago Because at 41 days There is no 41 day rule. That's total BS. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago The shutdown will not end until at least Wednesday, day 43.  So, massive layoffs happening today, right? I'm being sarcastic. There is no 40+ day law. permalink parent award report block reply
rocco_saint 7 points 3 days ago "Because at 41 days, Trump could commence to literally GUTTING THE FK OUT OF ALL THOSE UN-NEEDED DEPARTMENTS IN THE GOV." Ok explain this to me.  I'm out of the loop. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 8 points 3 days ago It's BS. There is no 41 day magic. There is no 60 day magic. There is no 90 day magic. There is no law that kicks in when a shutdown has been so many days. permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 4 points 2 days ago OP is retarded permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 8 points 3 days ago It's BS. There is no 41 day magic. There is no 60 day magic. There is no 90 day magic. There is no law that kicks in when a shutdown has been so many days. permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 4 points 2 days ago OP is retarded permalink parent award report block reply
Trad_Americans_Only 6 points 3 days ago You know trump can veto and just say they have to pass a budget and no more CR’s permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 3 points 3 days ago Because at 41 days There is no 41 day rule. That's total BS. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 1 points 2 days ago The shutdown will not end until at least Wednesday, day 43.  So, massive layoffs happening today, right? I'm being sarcastic. There is no 40+ day law. permalink parent award report block reply
yodayoda 7 points 2 days ago losing? they're winning elections. we are the ones losing. permalink award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 2 days ago They're cheating in their elections,  it means nothing permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 2 days ago It means a lot, actually. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago It means a Hell of a lot when Trump hasn't done what he said during the campaign about investigating any election fraud in 2024, 2022, and 2020. We all saw that substantial lead the GOP had in the House and Senate dwindle down over the next month of counting, and the Democrats pick up nearly all those seats. That's statistically improbable, yet Democrats nearly always win the races where the counting goes on longer than the week of the election. permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 2 days ago If they are cheating, it's because our administration won't don anything about it. Especially since Trump has claimed "we caught them" during 2020. Him claiming they stole the election isn't just him bullshitting, but he refuses to do anything about it. permalink parent award report block reply
NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 2 days ago They're cheating in their elections,  it means nothing permalink parent award report block reply yodayoda 5 points 2 days ago It means a lot, actually. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago It means a Hell of a lot when Trump hasn't done what he said during the campaign about investigating any election fraud in 2024, 2022, and 2020. We all saw that substantial lead the GOP had in the House and Senate dwindle down over the next month of counting, and the Democrats pick up nearly all those seats. That's statistically improbable, yet Democrats nearly always win the races where the counting goes on longer than the week of the election. permalink parent award report block reply JDVance4President28 2 points 2 days ago If they are cheating, it's because our administration won't don anything about it. Especially since Trump has claimed "we caught them" during 2020. Him claiming they stole the election isn't just him bullshitting, but he refuses to do anything about it. permalink parent award report block reply
yodayoda 5 points 2 days ago It means a lot, actually. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago It means a Hell of a lot when Trump hasn't done what he said during the campaign about investigating any election fraud in 2024, 2022, and 2020. We all saw that substantial lead the GOP had in the House and Senate dwindle down over the next month of counting, and the Democrats pick up nearly all those seats. That's statistically improbable, yet Democrats nearly always win the races where the counting goes on longer than the week of the election. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 3 points 2 days ago It means a Hell of a lot when Trump hasn't done what he said during the campaign about investigating any election fraud in 2024, 2022, and 2020. We all saw that substantial lead the GOP had in the House and Senate dwindle down over the next month of counting, and the Democrats pick up nearly all those seats. That's statistically improbable, yet Democrats nearly always win the races where the counting goes on longer than the week of the election. permalink parent award report block reply
JDVance4President28 2 points 2 days ago If they are cheating, it's because our administration won't don anything about it. Especially since Trump has claimed "we caught them" during 2020. Him claiming they stole the election isn't just him bullshitting, but he refuses to do anything about it. permalink parent award report block reply
conservativefrank 7 points 3 days ago They're going to lose themselves to control of the House and Senate at the midterms. permalink award report block reply
rootGoose 4 points 2 days ago A perfect 60. Very orchestrated on the part of the Dems. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Just enough votes from safe seats. Same how the RINOs always have enough votes against their own party to get anything done permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Just enough votes from safe seats. Same how the RINOs always have enough votes against their own party to get anything done permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 4 points 3 days ago They just finalized their plan to steal the midterms. permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago What concessions did we make to get those votes?? permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 3 points 3 days ago Dems just can't stop losing Unless you're talking about elections. Because, somehow, they are still winning those. permalink award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 0 points 2 days ago They're cheating, you tard permalink parent award report block reply BrewSwillis 1 points 2 days ago No shit. But nobody's really doing anything about it. There should be a special task force examining the 2020 election. Find out how they cheated, and start making arrests. Start in Detroit, Atlanta, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and Maricopa County. permalink parent award report block reply
NoSteppyonmyPepe 0 points 2 days ago They're cheating, you tard permalink parent award report block reply BrewSwillis 1 points 2 days ago No shit. But nobody's really doing anything about it. There should be a special task force examining the 2020 election. Find out how they cheated, and start making arrests. Start in Detroit, Atlanta, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and Maricopa County. permalink parent award report block reply
BrewSwillis 1 points 2 days ago No shit. But nobody's really doing anything about it. There should be a special task force examining the 2020 election. Find out how they cheated, and start making arrests. Start in Detroit, Atlanta, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and Maricopa County. permalink parent award report block reply
shadily0524 3 points 3 days ago WE LOST WE COULD HAVE NUKED THE FILLIBUSTER! NOW TRUMP IS FILLIBUSTER LOCKED permalink award report block reply
keeman 3 points 3 days ago So now they will vote to continue absolutely insane COVID emergency levels of spending.  And this is supposedly a win for us.  I'm just waiting to find out what the 8 Dems were really promised.  It will be more swamp I am sure. permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 3 points 2 days ago Democrats just won alot of major positions. permalink award report block reply
PunishedOrange 3 points 3 days ago blue states actually won hardcore in this, banning of hemp THC above .4% snuck in the bill = more taxes for them permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 days ago This is so frustrating. East Coast dosages are already so much lower than the West Coast states that legalized long ago. Keef soda sells 100 mg soda, but MD only allows 10 mg for the same price. permalink parent award report block reply sarsaparilla 1 points 2 days ago Who gives a fuck permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 days ago This is so frustrating. East Coast dosages are already so much lower than the West Coast states that legalized long ago. Keef soda sells 100 mg soda, but MD only allows 10 mg for the same price. permalink parent award report block reply
sarsaparilla 1 points 2 days ago Who gives a fuck permalink parent award report block reply
Lightning 3 points 2 days ago The dems got what they wanted with the big blow out results on election night. Mark my words: they will do another government shutdown before the 2026 mid terms. They have the playbook now and they know what works to animate their base. permalink award report block reply
trumpORbust 2 points 3 days ago We all lost on this one, and the other one, and the next one permalink award report block reply
RandyMoss 2 points 2 days ago Are you really this stupid? This is a huge win for the Dems. It's literally BIDENs bill budget being extended. And the idiots on this site get mad at Rand Paul for voting against a bill that represents EVERYTHING they want changed in DC. permalink award report block reply
journalist 2 points 3 days ago They don’t lose in their elections for some reason? permalink award report block reply
VirTW 2 points 3 days ago Making them stay overnight brought them right to the table :P permalink award report block reply
Saltyminer11 1 points 2 days ago That place is a whorehouse permalink award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 1 points 3 days ago So, a handful of Democrats caved to this bill. I'm curious what might happen later on down the road with these particular Democrats. Obviously I'm expecting them to get primaried, but since they've caved, before they get primaried out of office I wonder if they'd even begin to let Trump's agenda pass even without the filibuster being nuked? ...Well okay, I doubt that, but you never know. Regardless the filibuster still needs to be nuked, Trump should continue pressuring it. permalink award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 3 days ago filibuster!! FUCK THEM!!! permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply