1009 Letitia James asks judge to dismiss mortgage fraud case, calling it vindictive and driven by Trump's "animus" (www.cbsnews.com) posted 3 days ago by OrangeManNotBad 69 comments award share report block Letitia James asks judge to dismiss mortgage fraud case, calling it vindictive and driven by Trump's "animus" New York Attorney General Letitia James is asking a federal judge to dismiss a mortgage fraud case against her, calling it a vindictive and politically motivated prosecution brought at the behest of a president who regards her as an enemy. www.cbsnews.com
69 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno mdexile 149 points 3 days ago Wasn't her entire election campaign "I'm going to arrest Donald Trump?" permalink award report block reply McFatty7 81 points 3 days ago "No one is above the law, and even though I broke the law, I want to be above the law because it's President Trump." 🤡 permalink parent award report block reply Desktop 14 points 3 days ago When charged with a crime it is not a valid defense to claim you are being singled out for prosecution, and to support that claim by pointing to lots of other people that committed the same crime that were not prosecuted.  The argument is false and the defense knows it.  A good judge would sanction any lawyer that made this argument. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago It would be my guess that there are hundreds of Federal politicians and other government branch people like her that used shady borrowing or refinance schemes.. Jo has refinanced and borrowed money constantly as a money laundering tool where you borrow money and someone else repays it.. Certainly we all would love for them to be in court explaining their actions as well.. permalink parent award report block reply john9985 2 points 3 days ago Yea, but some how it keeps working for blacks in blue states. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago It's her signature. PredatingTrumps presidency. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 27 points 3 days ago I think I remember something about that… permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 9 points 3 days ago That's raycist! permalink parent award report block reply 46DindoNuffin 4 points 3 days ago That is so rich and hypocritical. permalink parent award report block reply MaxineWaters4Prez 2 points 3 days ago Sounds vindictive and full of animus. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... Trump454748 55 points 3 days ago I see she’s modified her position on nobody being above the law. permalink award report block reply MaxineWaters4Prez 24 points 3 days ago Her stance on replacing 9V batteries remains unchanged. permalink parent award report block reply BidensBodyDouble 13 points 3 days ago chirp permalink parent award report block reply Nutt_bugget 47 points 3 days ago I’m not a Federal judge, nor do I usually play one on TV, but the evidence that has been shown publicly has her dead to rights. Those are her signatures on Mortgage forms on which she claims primary residence in more than one location, definitely unlawful. Did she do the crime? Hard to argue otherwise, really. “You shouldn’t charge me because the person that brought this issue to light doesn’t like me.”  That’s just a ridiculous position, and NO judge should consider this motion. permalink award report block reply Retard_Strength 22 points 3 days ago “You shouldn’t charge me because the person that brought this issue to light doesn’t like me.” That’s just a ridiculous position, and NO judge should consider this motion. yes, the judge would throw it out in a world bereft of clowns. However, this is the age of the clownpocalypse. Time will tell. permalink parent award report block reply that_sound 2 points 3 days ago clownpocalypse "He who fights with clowns should look to it that he himself does not become a clown. For when you honk long into the abyss, the abyss honks also into you." Too late... permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 17 points 3 days ago Her and her dad signed documents stating that her dad was her husband. She claimed that townhouses that had five units only had four. She claimed getting money from rent when her niece that lived in that particular house said under oath that she's never paid rent. I could understand one, maybe two, of these types of things. Mistakes happen, and people don't always read what they're signing. But the fact there's just so many of these documents out there like this is well, WELL beyond the benefit out the doubt. permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 8 points 3 days ago She's a lawyer. There's no excuse for not knowing what she's signing. permalink parent award report block reply AlohaChris 3 points 3 days ago A good lawyer knows the law, a great lawyer knows the judge. permalink parent award report block reply shialecuck007 22 points 3 days ago " I want Justice Equality for my Equities n Shieet " permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 16 points 3 days ago Gaslighting moron. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 15 points 3 days ago I dream of the day when the noose is wrapped around her neck and she faces justice for the many crimes she has committed permalink award report block reply OneTypoComment 6 points 3 days ago i'd even settle for a NASCAR garage door pull permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 2 points 3 days ago Madlad permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 14 points 3 days ago That was very rude of President Trump to make her commit mortgage fraud. permalink award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 9 points 3 days ago Play her campaigning clips in court. permalink award report block reply lispboy 9 points 3 days ago It's afraid permalink award report block reply Bramage 9 points 3 days ago Zero self awareness....james:  FUCK YOU. permalink award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 7 points 3 days ago She was in Puerto Rico hosting a cocktail party for Commie Mamdani just last week. That was the one held at a luxury resort.  She's got more appalling gall than anyone I've ever seen. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 8 points 3 days ago the arrogance of these fuckin affirmative action retreads , jeezisss permalink award report block reply Nibba2 1 points 3 days ago If it works, and it always does, why not? permalink parent award report block reply Counterwhat 7 points 3 days ago The the pot calling the kettle..... permalink award report block reply barwhack 7 points 3 days ago If it happens, the judge must be executed . Injustice of this treasonous proportion is Capital. permalink award report block reply DegenNerd 4 points 3 days ago Vindictive? Sure, as vindictive as her case against Trump. But there appears to have been a crime committed here on her part, no matter the motivation behind the prosecution. permalink award report block reply KarenLukasik 4 points 3 days ago If anyone knows animus,it’s this criminal… permalink award report block reply DylanPatrick 4 points 3 days ago Lock her up! permalink award report block reply Anyone 4 points 3 days ago Hope she burns. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 4 points 3 days ago While her actions against Trump were pure as the driven snow permalink award report block reply patrick_tribett 3 points 3 days ago She is a beast.. literally. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 3 days ago No one is above the law. If she did what she is accused of, she should face the music. permalink award report block reply blackswans 3 points 3 days ago She don't know what "animus" means mane. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 3 points 3 days ago Wasn't one of those 'homes' a rental property bought in Norfolk Virginia? Should there be a case filed in federal court there (not that the chances of conviction are higher)? permalink award report block reply TEXinLA 3 points 3 days ago WOMP WOMP permalink award report block reply learntocode 3 points 3 days ago LOL!!! permalink award report block reply Smurfection 3 points 3 days ago On the same grounds, Trump should have all the lawsuits against him dismissed. permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 3 points 3 days ago How about no permalink award report block reply HoboJoe01 3 points 3 days ago Listen to this  criminal bitch who ran a campaign on getting trump.  Mortgage Fraud,  harboring a fugitive  ...........married her dad????? Z ABSOLUTE SCUMBAG..... permalink award report block reply Shih_Tabed 2 points 3 days ago Should have the prosecutor ask the judge to stay the course citing past footage of the big bitch saying "No one is above the law"  Remind the judge that includes Big Tish as well. permalink award report block reply Ritchie_Blackadder 2 points 3 days ago Go wash your own animus and sybau permalink award report block reply CaJuN-Polak 2 points 3 days ago "Well, yea ... it's true, but he's just being vindictive. " Idiot broad. permalink award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 3 days ago Real estate investor here. If I'd done what she did, I'd be in jail for 3-5 and fined $100k - for each offense. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 2 points 3 days ago Black land whale sez what? permalink award report block reply uniformist 2 points 3 days ago It’s not animus, it’s pompitus. permalink award report block reply Easzq8 2 points 3 days ago She is either completely lacking in self awareness or in any sense of guilt. I’m going with option 2z permalink award report block reply LibsRcrazy 2 points 3 days ago Throw that ghettopotamus in prison. permalink award report block reply SaltyKrakenBalls 2 points 3 days ago Delusional scum. permalink award report block reply krakah293 2 points 3 days ago Maybe it is vindictive and driven by revenge? So what?  Still doesn't mean you're not guilty. permalink award report block reply MakeAmericaVapeAgain 2 points 3 days ago idiot. it is the same game she played except it isn’t her turn anymore. permalink award report block reply MR__K 2 points 3 days ago Put her in jail permalink award report block reply impera 2 points 3 days ago I have crime entitlement because I am disgusting and unlikable These are not the words of a person who can mount any defense of her actions. permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 2 points 3 days ago Animus?  She gots white lawyers, don't she? permalink award report block reply Emperorvoid 2 points 3 days ago Letitia isn't any kind of Jung, and should just shut her stupid fucking retarded face up. permalink award report block reply taytaytay 2 points 3 days ago IANAL, but is "the president don't like me" even a defense? lol It's not even dealing with the accusation of mortgage fraud. permalink award report block reply GTHAYS 2 points 3 days ago Yes, it is.  LOL.  Same as what you did to President TRUMP.  How's it feel? permalink award report block reply kanikilee2024 2 points 3 days ago AHHHH let's roll the tape, who was out to get who? permalink award report block reply mohel -1 points 3 days ago Her case was driven by ... empathy? permalink award report block reply new_guy2 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
mdexile 149 points 3 days ago Wasn't her entire election campaign "I'm going to arrest Donald Trump?" permalink award report block reply McFatty7 81 points 3 days ago "No one is above the law, and even though I broke the law, I want to be above the law because it's President Trump." 🤡 permalink parent award report block reply Desktop 14 points 3 days ago When charged with a crime it is not a valid defense to claim you are being singled out for prosecution, and to support that claim by pointing to lots of other people that committed the same crime that were not prosecuted.  The argument is false and the defense knows it.  A good judge would sanction any lawyer that made this argument. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago It would be my guess that there are hundreds of Federal politicians and other government branch people like her that used shady borrowing or refinance schemes.. Jo has refinanced and borrowed money constantly as a money laundering tool where you borrow money and someone else repays it.. Certainly we all would love for them to be in court explaining their actions as well.. permalink parent award report block reply john9985 2 points 3 days ago Yea, but some how it keeps working for blacks in blue states. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago It's her signature. PredatingTrumps presidency. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 27 points 3 days ago I think I remember something about that… permalink parent award report block reply HillarysFUPA 9 points 3 days ago That's raycist! permalink parent award report block reply 46DindoNuffin 4 points 3 days ago That is so rich and hypocritical. permalink parent award report block reply MaxineWaters4Prez 2 points 3 days ago Sounds vindictive and full of animus. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
McFatty7 81 points 3 days ago "No one is above the law, and even though I broke the law, I want to be above the law because it's President Trump." 🤡 permalink parent award report block reply Desktop 14 points 3 days ago When charged with a crime it is not a valid defense to claim you are being singled out for prosecution, and to support that claim by pointing to lots of other people that committed the same crime that were not prosecuted.  The argument is false and the defense knows it.  A good judge would sanction any lawyer that made this argument. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago It would be my guess that there are hundreds of Federal politicians and other government branch people like her that used shady borrowing or refinance schemes.. Jo has refinanced and borrowed money constantly as a money laundering tool where you borrow money and someone else repays it.. Certainly we all would love for them to be in court explaining their actions as well.. permalink parent award report block reply john9985 2 points 3 days ago Yea, but some how it keeps working for blacks in blue states. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago It's her signature. PredatingTrumps presidency. permalink parent award report block reply
Desktop 14 points 3 days ago When charged with a crime it is not a valid defense to claim you are being singled out for prosecution, and to support that claim by pointing to lots of other people that committed the same crime that were not prosecuted.  The argument is false and the defense knows it.  A good judge would sanction any lawyer that made this argument. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago It would be my guess that there are hundreds of Federal politicians and other government branch people like her that used shady borrowing or refinance schemes.. Jo has refinanced and borrowed money constantly as a money laundering tool where you borrow money and someone else repays it.. Certainly we all would love for them to be in court explaining their actions as well.. permalink parent award report block reply john9985 2 points 3 days ago Yea, but some how it keeps working for blacks in blue states. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago It's her signature. PredatingTrumps presidency. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 3 points 3 days ago It would be my guess that there are hundreds of Federal politicians and other government branch people like her that used shady borrowing or refinance schemes.. Jo has refinanced and borrowed money constantly as a money laundering tool where you borrow money and someone else repays it.. Certainly we all would love for them to be in court explaining their actions as well.. permalink parent award report block reply
john9985 2 points 3 days ago Yea, but some how it keeps working for blacks in blue states. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 1 points 3 days ago It's her signature. PredatingTrumps presidency. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 27 points 3 days ago I think I remember something about that… permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 9 points 3 days ago That's raycist! permalink parent award report block reply
46DindoNuffin 4 points 3 days ago That is so rich and hypocritical. permalink parent award report block reply
MaxineWaters4Prez 2 points 3 days ago Sounds vindictive and full of animus. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump454748 55 points 3 days ago I see she’s modified her position on nobody being above the law. permalink award report block reply MaxineWaters4Prez 24 points 3 days ago Her stance on replacing 9V batteries remains unchanged. permalink parent award report block reply BidensBodyDouble 13 points 3 days ago chirp permalink parent award report block reply
MaxineWaters4Prez 24 points 3 days ago Her stance on replacing 9V batteries remains unchanged. permalink parent award report block reply BidensBodyDouble 13 points 3 days ago chirp permalink parent award report block reply
BidensBodyDouble 13 points 3 days ago chirp permalink parent award report block reply
Nutt_bugget 47 points 3 days ago I’m not a Federal judge, nor do I usually play one on TV, but the evidence that has been shown publicly has her dead to rights. Those are her signatures on Mortgage forms on which she claims primary residence in more than one location, definitely unlawful. Did she do the crime? Hard to argue otherwise, really. “You shouldn’t charge me because the person that brought this issue to light doesn’t like me.”  That’s just a ridiculous position, and NO judge should consider this motion. permalink award report block reply Retard_Strength 22 points 3 days ago “You shouldn’t charge me because the person that brought this issue to light doesn’t like me.” That’s just a ridiculous position, and NO judge should consider this motion. yes, the judge would throw it out in a world bereft of clowns. However, this is the age of the clownpocalypse. Time will tell. permalink parent award report block reply that_sound 2 points 3 days ago clownpocalypse "He who fights with clowns should look to it that he himself does not become a clown. For when you honk long into the abyss, the abyss honks also into you." Too late... permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 17 points 3 days ago Her and her dad signed documents stating that her dad was her husband. She claimed that townhouses that had five units only had four. She claimed getting money from rent when her niece that lived in that particular house said under oath that she's never paid rent. I could understand one, maybe two, of these types of things. Mistakes happen, and people don't always read what they're signing. But the fact there's just so many of these documents out there like this is well, WELL beyond the benefit out the doubt. permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 8 points 3 days ago She's a lawyer. There's no excuse for not knowing what she's signing. permalink parent award report block reply AlohaChris 3 points 3 days ago A good lawyer knows the law, a great lawyer knows the judge. permalink parent award report block reply
Retard_Strength 22 points 3 days ago “You shouldn’t charge me because the person that brought this issue to light doesn’t like me.” That’s just a ridiculous position, and NO judge should consider this motion. yes, the judge would throw it out in a world bereft of clowns. However, this is the age of the clownpocalypse. Time will tell. permalink parent award report block reply that_sound 2 points 3 days ago clownpocalypse "He who fights with clowns should look to it that he himself does not become a clown. For when you honk long into the abyss, the abyss honks also into you." Too late... permalink parent award report block reply
that_sound 2 points 3 days ago clownpocalypse "He who fights with clowns should look to it that he himself does not become a clown. For when you honk long into the abyss, the abyss honks also into you." Too late... permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 17 points 3 days ago Her and her dad signed documents stating that her dad was her husband. She claimed that townhouses that had five units only had four. She claimed getting money from rent when her niece that lived in that particular house said under oath that she's never paid rent. I could understand one, maybe two, of these types of things. Mistakes happen, and people don't always read what they're signing. But the fact there's just so many of these documents out there like this is well, WELL beyond the benefit out the doubt. permalink parent award report block reply Agent_Orange 8 points 3 days ago She's a lawyer. There's no excuse for not knowing what she's signing. permalink parent award report block reply AlohaChris 3 points 3 days ago A good lawyer knows the law, a great lawyer knows the judge. permalink parent award report block reply
Agent_Orange 8 points 3 days ago She's a lawyer. There's no excuse for not knowing what she's signing. permalink parent award report block reply AlohaChris 3 points 3 days ago A good lawyer knows the law, a great lawyer knows the judge. permalink parent award report block reply
AlohaChris 3 points 3 days ago A good lawyer knows the law, a great lawyer knows the judge. permalink parent award report block reply
shialecuck007 22 points 3 days ago " I want Justice Equality for my Equities n Shieet " permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 16 points 3 days ago Gaslighting moron. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 15 points 3 days ago I dream of the day when the noose is wrapped around her neck and she faces justice for the many crimes she has committed permalink award report block reply OneTypoComment 6 points 3 days ago i'd even settle for a NASCAR garage door pull permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 2 points 3 days ago Madlad permalink parent award report block reply
OneTypoComment 6 points 3 days ago i'd even settle for a NASCAR garage door pull permalink parent award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 2 points 3 days ago Madlad permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 14 points 3 days ago That was very rude of President Trump to make her commit mortgage fraud. permalink award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 9 points 3 days ago Play her campaigning clips in court. permalink award report block reply
lispboy 9 points 3 days ago It's afraid permalink award report block reply
Bramage 9 points 3 days ago Zero self awareness....james:  FUCK YOU. permalink award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 7 points 3 days ago She was in Puerto Rico hosting a cocktail party for Commie Mamdani just last week. That was the one held at a luxury resort.  She's got more appalling gall than anyone I've ever seen. permalink parent award report block reply
Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 7 points 3 days ago She was in Puerto Rico hosting a cocktail party for Commie Mamdani just last week. That was the one held at a luxury resort.  She's got more appalling gall than anyone I've ever seen. permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 8 points 3 days ago the arrogance of these fuckin affirmative action retreads , jeezisss permalink award report block reply Nibba2 1 points 3 days ago If it works, and it always does, why not? permalink parent award report block reply
Nibba2 1 points 3 days ago If it works, and it always does, why not? permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat 7 points 3 days ago The the pot calling the kettle..... permalink award report block reply
barwhack 7 points 3 days ago If it happens, the judge must be executed . Injustice of this treasonous proportion is Capital. permalink award report block reply
DegenNerd 4 points 3 days ago Vindictive? Sure, as vindictive as her case against Trump. But there appears to have been a crime committed here on her part, no matter the motivation behind the prosecution. permalink award report block reply
KarenLukasik 4 points 3 days ago If anyone knows animus,it’s this criminal… permalink award report block reply
DylanPatrick 4 points 3 days ago Lock her up! permalink award report block reply
Anyone 4 points 3 days ago Hope she burns. permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 4 points 3 days ago While her actions against Trump were pure as the driven snow permalink award report block reply
patrick_tribett 3 points 3 days ago She is a beast.. literally. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 3 points 3 days ago No one is above the law. If she did what she is accused of, she should face the music. permalink award report block reply
blackswans 3 points 3 days ago She don't know what "animus" means mane. permalink award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 3 points 3 days ago Wasn't one of those 'homes' a rental property bought in Norfolk Virginia? Should there be a case filed in federal court there (not that the chances of conviction are higher)? permalink award report block reply
TEXinLA 3 points 3 days ago WOMP WOMP permalink award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 3 days ago LOL!!! permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 3 points 3 days ago On the same grounds, Trump should have all the lawsuits against him dismissed. permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 3 points 3 days ago How about no permalink award report block reply
HoboJoe01 3 points 3 days ago Listen to this  criminal bitch who ran a campaign on getting trump.  Mortgage Fraud,  harboring a fugitive  ...........married her dad????? Z ABSOLUTE SCUMBAG..... permalink award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 2 points 3 days ago Should have the prosecutor ask the judge to stay the course citing past footage of the big bitch saying "No one is above the law"  Remind the judge that includes Big Tish as well. permalink award report block reply
Ritchie_Blackadder 2 points 3 days ago Go wash your own animus and sybau permalink award report block reply
CaJuN-Polak 2 points 3 days ago "Well, yea ... it's true, but he's just being vindictive. " Idiot broad. permalink award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 3 days ago Real estate investor here. If I'd done what she did, I'd be in jail for 3-5 and fined $100k - for each offense. permalink award report block reply
DCYR66 2 points 3 days ago Black land whale sez what? permalink award report block reply
uniformist 2 points 3 days ago It’s not animus, it’s pompitus. permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 2 points 3 days ago She is either completely lacking in self awareness or in any sense of guilt. I’m going with option 2z permalink award report block reply
LibsRcrazy 2 points 3 days ago Throw that ghettopotamus in prison. permalink award report block reply
SaltyKrakenBalls 2 points 3 days ago Delusional scum. permalink award report block reply
krakah293 2 points 3 days ago Maybe it is vindictive and driven by revenge? So what?  Still doesn't mean you're not guilty. permalink award report block reply
MakeAmericaVapeAgain 2 points 3 days ago idiot. it is the same game she played except it isn’t her turn anymore. permalink award report block reply
MR__K 2 points 3 days ago Put her in jail permalink award report block reply
impera 2 points 3 days ago I have crime entitlement because I am disgusting and unlikable These are not the words of a person who can mount any defense of her actions. permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 2 points 3 days ago Animus?  She gots white lawyers, don't she? permalink award report block reply
Emperorvoid 2 points 3 days ago Letitia isn't any kind of Jung, and should just shut her stupid fucking retarded face up. permalink award report block reply
taytaytay 2 points 3 days ago IANAL, but is "the president don't like me" even a defense? lol It's not even dealing with the accusation of mortgage fraud. permalink award report block reply
GTHAYS 2 points 3 days ago Yes, it is.  LOL.  Same as what you did to President TRUMP.  How's it feel? permalink award report block reply
kanikilee2024 2 points 3 days ago AHHHH let's roll the tape, who was out to get who? permalink award report block reply
mohel -1 points 3 days ago Her case was driven by ... empathy? permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply