8 FUCK APPLE 🖕 Apple introduces Digital ID, a new way to create and present an ID in Apple Wallet Digital ID offers a secure and private way for users to create an ID in Apple Wallet using information from their U.S. passport, and present their ID with iPhone or Apple Watch (www.apple.com) posted 52 minutes ago by MEME-SUPREME 4 comments award share report block Apple introduces Digital ID, a new way to create and present an ID in Apple Wallet Digital ID is a new way for users to create an ID in Apple Wallet using their U.S. passport, and present it with the privacy of iPhone or Apple Watch. www.apple.com
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style ancillasedet 2 points 47 minutes ago And they're quite happy to hand over all your data, if required, or if someone hacks them.  Quantum computing will make their encryption like a tissue against a cannon ball. permalink award report block reply Deplora 2 points 46 minutes ago If you have an Apple Wallet, you might as well sign up for their Digital ID too.  While you're at it, make sure to give them your fingerprints, voiceprint, and a video clip of yourself walking (so they, and whoever hacks into their datatbases, can use that cool new gait analysis trick on you).  Then ask them where to send your DNA sample.  They already have a thousand pictures of your face, so no need to bother giving them any more of those. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard 1 points 37 minutes ago Fuck that! I really hope people don't fall for this shit. permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 27 minutes ago Years ago i would be fine with a private company offering this type of thing. When your government does it and forces you to, that's tyranny, but if you use a third party service on your own volition and you control the security, that's your business. But Apple and the government are indeed the same thing at this point in history. permalink award report block reply
ancillasedet 2 points 47 minutes ago And they're quite happy to hand over all your data, if required, or if someone hacks them.  Quantum computing will make their encryption like a tissue against a cannon ball. permalink award report block reply
Deplora 2 points 46 minutes ago If you have an Apple Wallet, you might as well sign up for their Digital ID too.  While you're at it, make sure to give them your fingerprints, voiceprint, and a video clip of yourself walking (so they, and whoever hacks into their datatbases, can use that cool new gait analysis trick on you).  Then ask them where to send your DNA sample.  They already have a thousand pictures of your face, so no need to bother giving them any more of those. permalink award report block reply
SpaceWizard 1 points 37 minutes ago Fuck that! I really hope people don't fall for this shit. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 27 minutes ago Years ago i would be fine with a private company offering this type of thing. When your government does it and forces you to, that's tyranny, but if you use a third party service on your own volition and you control the security, that's your business. But Apple and the government are indeed the same thing at this point in history. permalink award report block reply