248 Thune is not helping. He is about to give away the farm. Cout on it. He could be a hero but he would rather play the Left's game and help their cause. posted 4 days ago by Counterwhat 12 comments award share download report block
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Trump454748 8 points 3 days ago If it’s not obvious by now, you’re not paying attention, the “Republicans” don’t WANT to win. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 5 points 3 days ago Exactly. They want the status quo and all the money they can get. It's about personal WEALTH! permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 3 days ago Even more simply put they are bribed. They might vote otherwise in an honest world, but it's not an honest world. permalink parent award report block reply Steve56775 3 points 3 days ago Every government employee could bet their paycheck, if they had one , on Republicans caving to Democrats. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 3 points 3 days ago Congressmen have more loyalty to each other than their party. They know they're all playing the same gift game. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 3 days ago Thune is McConnel's lapdog. He does as he's told. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 4 days ago some details.... President Ronald Reagan made 240 recess appointments. President William J. Clinton made 139 recess appointments, President George W. Bush made 171 recess appointments President Barack Obama made 32 recess appointments, President Trump made 0 recess appointments - in 45 or 47. President Joe Biden made no recess appointments. This is consistent with the practice since the 2014 Supreme Court ruling in National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning, which established that the Senate must be in recess for at least 10 days for a recess appointment to be valid.
During both Biden's and Donald Trump's presidencies, the Senate did not have a recess lasting ten consecutive days, largely due to the use of pro forma sessions that prevent formal recesses. And indeed this is an attack on Trump by the UNIPARTY... part of a delay tactic - to protect a massive Bureaucracy that refuses to help MAGA or the AMERICAN PEOPLE. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 2 points 3 days ago another sellout , just like 99.999% of the entire uniparty permalink award report block reply Candygram_for_Mongo 2 points 3 days ago Gentlemen politics is what guides the empty suit GOP leadership. Meanwhile Democrats will slit your throat and step over your lifeless body to get what they want. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 2 points 3 days ago They are playing a bloodsport while the GOP plays checkers. permalink parent award report block reply DemonicSoap 1 points 3 days ago Ok, sorry i'm out of touch.... what is the source material for this meme? permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 1 points 3 days ago https://theloftusparty.com/2025/11/07/sydney-sweeny-puts-on-an-absolute-clinic-on-how-to-handle-press/ permalink parent award report block reply
Trump454748 8 points 3 days ago If it’s not obvious by now, you’re not paying attention, the “Republicans” don’t WANT to win. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 5 points 3 days ago Exactly. They want the status quo and all the money they can get. It's about personal WEALTH! permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 3 days ago Even more simply put they are bribed. They might vote otherwise in an honest world, but it's not an honest world. permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat OP 5 points 3 days ago Exactly. They want the status quo and all the money they can get. It's about personal WEALTH! permalink parent award report block reply 45fan 3 points 3 days ago Even more simply put they are bribed. They might vote otherwise in an honest world, but it's not an honest world. permalink parent award report block reply
45fan 3 points 3 days ago Even more simply put they are bribed. They might vote otherwise in an honest world, but it's not an honest world. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 3 points 3 days ago Every government employee could bet their paycheck, if they had one , on Republicans caving to Democrats. permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 3 points 3 days ago Congressmen have more loyalty to each other than their party. They know they're all playing the same gift game. permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 3 days ago Thune is McConnel's lapdog. He does as he's told. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 3 points 4 days ago some details.... President Ronald Reagan made 240 recess appointments. President William J. Clinton made 139 recess appointments, President George W. Bush made 171 recess appointments President Barack Obama made 32 recess appointments, President Trump made 0 recess appointments - in 45 or 47. President Joe Biden made no recess appointments. This is consistent with the practice since the 2014 Supreme Court ruling in National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning, which established that the Senate must be in recess for at least 10 days for a recess appointment to be valid.
During both Biden's and Donald Trump's presidencies, the Senate did not have a recess lasting ten consecutive days, largely due to the use of pro forma sessions that prevent formal recesses. And indeed this is an attack on Trump by the UNIPARTY... part of a delay tactic - to protect a massive Bureaucracy that refuses to help MAGA or the AMERICAN PEOPLE. permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 2 points 3 days ago another sellout , just like 99.999% of the entire uniparty permalink award report block reply
Candygram_for_Mongo 2 points 3 days ago Gentlemen politics is what guides the empty suit GOP leadership. Meanwhile Democrats will slit your throat and step over your lifeless body to get what they want. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 2 points 3 days ago They are playing a bloodsport while the GOP plays checkers. permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat OP 2 points 3 days ago They are playing a bloodsport while the GOP plays checkers. permalink parent award report block reply
DemonicSoap 1 points 3 days ago Ok, sorry i'm out of touch.... what is the source material for this meme? permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 1 points 3 days ago https://theloftusparty.com/2025/11/07/sydney-sweeny-puts-on-an-absolute-clinic-on-how-to-handle-press/ permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat OP 1 points 3 days ago https://theloftusparty.com/2025/11/07/sydney-sweeny-puts-on-an-absolute-clinic-on-how-to-handle-press/ permalink parent award report block reply