129 It’s time to talk posted 5 hours ago by awookienookie 54 comments award share report block Half this site won’t be ready for this conversation but it’s time to point it out because I can’t stay quiet about it and I’ve seen people voice the same concerns in comments. Trump is so far off the fucking path I don’t know what the fuck he is doing anymore. Recently he has insulted Americans saying we don’t have the talent here and we need H1Bs. I’m sorry but that’s not America First or MAGA, so fuck right off with that. He’s said he wants American talent and American job but turns around and says some dumb shit like this. I don’t know about you guys but I voted for no new wars. We bombed Iran and now about to start shit with Venezuela. And for what? They are no threat to us. How about draining the swamp? It’s not being drained and it’s as swampy as ever. What happened to all this shit that was supposed to happen after say one. Epstein? He’s a dead guy now so stop asking about him and he’s a Democrat hoax. Kash said he didn’t kill himself and once he got in as FBI director he did a whole 180 about it, and amount countless other things I won’t get into. Because quite frankly, the list is too fucking long.
Bondi is a fucking joke and slow walking every fucking thing. But is quick to hop on sandwich throwers. Closing the border right away was great, but now we are deporting people slower than Obama. And yes I know judges are throwing injunctions around. But they have no standing so ignore that shit. Also why the fuck is Trump so in love is isreal. He sucks Bibi cock as good as the next isreal shill. Is it because he’s some old boomer that’s trained to love isreal no matter what? Every time isreal needs something that puts isreal first over America, Trump is always “sir yes sir” and I’m sick of it. I am still MAGA and AF til the day I die. But I can’t help to see that Trump has changed and MAGA has surpassed him. There is more to list here and I’m sure some of you will point it out in the comments.Trump needs to turn this ship around self correct. Edit: I have been here since the 2016 The Donald days and proudly voted for Trump 3 times. But I will no longer blindly follow someone that makes decisions that are clearly not America first.
54 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Disinformation_Mnstr 21 points 4 hours ago Noem came out today saying they are processing green cards faster than ever before as well.   F that.  We don't need more people here. permalink award report block reply Female 3 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016 "Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 19 points 4 hours ago The midterms are going to be a massive loss at the rate Trump is going. If that is what he and his handlers want, they are going to get it. I'm not looking forward to it but it is going to at least meet my dark desire for the Great Collapse to happen, because so far nothing else has worked over the course of my lifetime. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 15 points 4 hours ago This is my concern. The midterms maybe a blood bath if the narrative isn't shifted. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 4 points 4 hours ago Be ready for the blame to be put on the voters…. You can’t control anything, but it will still be all your fault! permalink parent award report block reply awookienookie OP 18 points 4 hours ago Also shit isn’t affordable at all, nothing has changed. permalink award report block reply possibletower 4 points 3 hours ago DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 3 hours ago It won't change because nothing happened to the communists or the communism that is causing it permalink parent award report block reply Nutt_bugget 2 points 31 minutes ago Energy, as in Oil/Gas/Coal has changed - and for the better.
More development opportunities, leases opened, rigs in the field.
Lots of work going on there.
That is something good, man. Energy independence is a good thing, and this is a complete reversal of the O'Biden years.
So, that is a change.  Also, some things dropped like a rock. Did you price a dozen eggs lately?  "Price of a Turkey dinner" index is down this year compared to the previous 4 years.  It's not everything, man, but some stuff is definitely more affordable under Trump vs. Biden. permalink parent award report block reply awookienookie OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Yes that’s all good and well, we want to be energy independent and glad it’s coming back. But I need more things that matter to me than egg prices coming down lol. Beef prices still suck, house prices still suck, loan rates still suck. Having more than 800 credit score doesn’t mean shit anymore. Etc. permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 11 points 4 hours ago unconditional surrender wasn't a demand but a statement. if every president inevitably turns into George Bush then there is a problem with the position. permalink award report block reply barc 9 points 4 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were fake.  They counted millions of "turn aways" as deportations.  If a fuzzie never made it past the border ports of entry or got chased back across the border by CBP, Obama's DHS counted that as a "deportation."  Trump's DHS doesn't so that.   On the border and deportation, Trump is 1million times better than any other president since Eisenhower. permalink award report block reply Ostia 13 points 4 hours ago We’re counting people we claim left on their own, which we have no way to actually track. We haven’t even deported a million people. permalink parent award report block reply barc 2 points 4 hours ago The difference is that those aren't counted in the official "deported" numbers by DHS.  Obama was counting "turn aways" as official deportations.  If Trump was counting self deportations, his numbers would already be close to what Obama had.  DHS claims there are over 2 million self-deportations in the first 9 months of 2025.  Obama claimed about 3 million deportations during his entire 8 year run.  And again, that included the turn aways.  The OP was right on most of what he posted.  On deportations and the border, he was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 4 hours ago What the fuck are you talking about? The administration constantly talks about having deported "millions" by counting people we have no way to track who we say are leaving on their own? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 1 points 3 hours ago We can track the illegals that take the grand and free plane ticket.  If they got on the plane, we know they left.  I doubt there are a million of those, though.  Maybe a few thousand?  Be nice to have some numbers on that. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago We are not counting them. Or it would already be in the tens ofillions permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago We do count them and it’s just over 2 million. Not even close to 10’s. We’ve actually deported less than 700,000. Combine them both and it’s just under 3,000,000 we are claiming to have deported. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago I would assume a lot ate refusing to even try now. So hes deported 9 billion permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 1 points 3 hours ago He also counted each "catch and release" as a deportation. That's what pumped his numbers so high. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 9 points 4 hours ago MAGA must become it's own beast capable of standing on its own two feet and sustaining itself, I don't see how we can do that and stay attached to the RNC/GOP permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 5 points 3 hours ago The GOP seemed to be on the ball when Lara Trump replaced Pierre Delecto's nice, but then she stepped aside. We need a die-hard MAGA as the head of the GOP, or it'll be a dead party. permalink parent award report block reply Farqquard 9 points 4 hours ago ageed permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard 8 points 4 hours ago The question we should be asking is: how do we get aipac and Israel out of our politics? Think about it.... No one without their support can get elected because of their strangle hold on our politicians/blackmail. So how do we defeat that? Someone needs to fake support for them in order to destroy their influence from within. Such actions could not be known because they would probably kill him if it were public knowledge. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 3 points 3 hours ago Support the muzzies in destroying Israel seems to be the only option. I don't like it, but Israel is leaving us little choice at this point. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago He already made a collaboration of Arab states to deal with Hamas. And so far is keeping Israel in check.. Aka not committing genocide anymore. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago Idk about that. Forced sharia law doesn't sound that great. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 2 points 2 hours ago Not for the people over there, but at least it would end AIPAC's influence here . permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 6 points 4 hours ago Thank you. I agree. I never wavered in my support until this term started. It's disheartening permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 4 points 3 hours ago I thought this term started pretty well, he was blasting libs with executive orders and winning court battles - despite activist judges slowing things down. The real hindrance seems to be a do-nothing Congress combined with Charlie's death. After that, Trump seems to have curled into a ball and surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 6 points 4 hours ago It is alright.  Strong political movements live on well past their initial avatars.  Trump did wonders on opening the debate and discussions around many issues.  He is just not doing enough to correct the identified problems, and the American first MAGA agenda/coalition will continue well past his days in office.  That means we can still appreciate what he did while recognizing that we need someone even more focused and committed after him. permalink award report block reply Madnote1984 8 points 3 hours ago Also, people see criticism as abandonment, when really, all we are trying to do is put pressure on so that POTUS hears it and corrects course. Otherwise, the NEOCONs and Techbros in his ear will continue to lead him to ruin. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 3 points 3 hours ago Many people have a difficult time disassociating policy from people and criticism for lack of allegiance.  Many people are retarded.  Oh well, that is life. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago You must know then what's going on, is beyond mere criticism. There is a concerted effort to destroy/divide MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 2 points 2 hours ago There is an actual divide in MAGA.  There are also those who want to exploit the divide.  There are those who push allegiance to to Israel over everything like Shapiro, Levin, Cruz, and all the other Zionists, Christian or Jewish.  People seem to forget, including Trump, that all these people were historically never-Trumpers and worked against MAGA and the America first agenda.  Now they attack America-First people who want our government's focus on American citizens instead of the interests of foreign countries.  It is a big split that has always been there and Trump reversing his stance on things like H1Bs and bringing charges against the people who tried to steal our elections is bringing it to the forefront.  Charlie Kirk coming out against Israel and Zionism just before being murdered, and then the Zionists coming out an lying about him, also has added fuel to the split.  Oh well, better these issues get resolved now so we can find a a true America First candidate before the next general election.  I hope that is JD.  He has still been supporting the America first cause even in the face of the Zionist raging at him to denounce Tucker and Candace and the pushing for the America first agenda.  . permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 2 hours ago I am aware of that statement.  It has been posted on this board many times just today.  Are you posting it in relation to my comment for any particular reason? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Ch3f4554551n 1 points 5 minutes ago Trump is a product of the NEOCONS. He is Roy Cohn's protege. He comes directly from that system. He merely paid enough lip service and red meat to the base to get elected. He isn't changing anything - far from it. He wanted a seat at the table for him and his family. Our real hope is with MAGA and America 1st, and until WE do something, nothing will change. We need a 2nd revolution and a refounding. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 4 points 4 hours ago Venezuela had a huge part in smartmatic, and they facilitate the stealing of elections. There are surely reasons for Trump's actions that if revealed, would let the enemies know of his plans. We need to trust Trump. 🇺🇸💯✝️ permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 3 points 3 hours ago I'm still holding out hope that things are going on behind the scenes that cannot be explained or revealed to the enemy at large. But having Trump saying that we're stupid for looking at Epstein, or we don't have any talent in America and have to import Infinity Indians and Chinese spies, pushing 50-year mortgages while saying the economy is great, arresting none of the low hanging fruit day 1, doing nothing about the J6 pipe bomber or the other traitors in the DC police, is making it really hard to believe that there is any MAGA left in his admin. permalink award report block reply UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago H1b and 50 year mortgage are fair points. Venezuela and Iran certainly are threats however. But we are not at war with them. Also hes not too pleased at all with Bibi. permalink award report block reply StrongIsland 2 points 4 hours ago 💯 permalink award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 2 points 3 hours ago Agreed with all of this. Trump thinks he has a patent on MAGA but we are outgrowing him. If the plan is to get a leader that is all the things they said Trump was then we are on track. We just need to not get demoralized permalink award report block reply KJaden 1 points 3 hours ago Politicians lie to get your support. Why? It works. You think this politician won't use what works to get stuff he wants to get done? Welcome to being politically aware. It sucks here. permalink award report block reply JesusIsMyGod114 1 points 42 minutes ago You're saying Trumo does that? So why are you on his fan page here? You're welcome to leave permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 3 hours ago DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink award report block reply awookienookie OP 2 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 1 points 3 hours ago We are under communist rule now permalink award report block reply Beardholder 0 points 49 minutes ago 100 agree brotha! Im glad so many of us are not tolerating this shit from Trump. We voted for ABC and he has given us nothing by xyz. Its getting old, and i'm sorry to say it for the 1000th time, but we need to grab our guns and march onto D.C and actually take back this nation. Period. There is no army, no national guard, no police force that can stop 100,000 well armed men coming in one direction from all over this country.
We literally gather this many people every day in every city for sporting events but we can not gather for the future of our country? permalink award report block reply JesusIsMyGod114 -2 points 2 hours ago Delete your account and leave this page. permalink award report block reply awookienookie OP 2 points 52 minutes ago I’m seriously thinking about it, but before I do, tell me where I was wrong?  Because Trump is being dog walked by something that isn’t MAGA, do you not see his comments on H1B and how Americans are talentless? We can criticize our president and not be a mental slave. permalink parent award report block reply
Disinformation_Mnstr 21 points 4 hours ago Noem came out today saying they are processing green cards faster than ever before as well.   F that.  We don't need more people here. permalink award report block reply Female 3 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016 "Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply
Female 3 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016 "Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply
Roadpower 19 points 4 hours ago The midterms are going to be a massive loss at the rate Trump is going. If that is what he and his handlers want, they are going to get it. I'm not looking forward to it but it is going to at least meet my dark desire for the Great Collapse to happen, because so far nothing else has worked over the course of my lifetime. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 15 points 4 hours ago This is my concern. The midterms maybe a blood bath if the narrative isn't shifted. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 4 points 4 hours ago Be ready for the blame to be put on the voters…. You can’t control anything, but it will still be all your fault! permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 15 points 4 hours ago This is my concern. The midterms maybe a blood bath if the narrative isn't shifted. permalink parent award report block reply StrongIsland 4 points 4 hours ago Be ready for the blame to be put on the voters…. You can’t control anything, but it will still be all your fault! permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland 4 points 4 hours ago Be ready for the blame to be put on the voters…. You can’t control anything, but it will still be all your fault! permalink parent award report block reply
awookienookie OP 18 points 4 hours ago Also shit isn’t affordable at all, nothing has changed. permalink award report block reply possibletower 4 points 3 hours ago DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 3 hours ago It won't change because nothing happened to the communists or the communism that is causing it permalink parent award report block reply Nutt_bugget 2 points 31 minutes ago Energy, as in Oil/Gas/Coal has changed - and for the better.
More development opportunities, leases opened, rigs in the field.
Lots of work going on there.
That is something good, man. Energy independence is a good thing, and this is a complete reversal of the O'Biden years.
So, that is a change.  Also, some things dropped like a rock. Did you price a dozen eggs lately?  "Price of a Turkey dinner" index is down this year compared to the previous 4 years.  It's not everything, man, but some stuff is definitely more affordable under Trump vs. Biden. permalink parent award report block reply awookienookie OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Yes that’s all good and well, we want to be energy independent and glad it’s coming back. But I need more things that matter to me than egg prices coming down lol. Beef prices still suck, house prices still suck, loan rates still suck. Having more than 800 credit score doesn’t mean shit anymore. Etc. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 4 points 3 hours ago DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 2 points 3 hours ago It won't change because nothing happened to the communists or the communism that is causing it permalink parent award report block reply
Nutt_bugget 2 points 31 minutes ago Energy, as in Oil/Gas/Coal has changed - and for the better.
More development opportunities, leases opened, rigs in the field.
Lots of work going on there.
That is something good, man. Energy independence is a good thing, and this is a complete reversal of the O'Biden years.
So, that is a change.  Also, some things dropped like a rock. Did you price a dozen eggs lately?  "Price of a Turkey dinner" index is down this year compared to the previous 4 years.  It's not everything, man, but some stuff is definitely more affordable under Trump vs. Biden. permalink parent award report block reply awookienookie OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Yes that’s all good and well, we want to be energy independent and glad it’s coming back. But I need more things that matter to me than egg prices coming down lol. Beef prices still suck, house prices still suck, loan rates still suck. Having more than 800 credit score doesn’t mean shit anymore. Etc. permalink parent award report block reply
awookienookie OP 1 points 9 minutes ago Yes that’s all good and well, we want to be energy independent and glad it’s coming back. But I need more things that matter to me than egg prices coming down lol. Beef prices still suck, house prices still suck, loan rates still suck. Having more than 800 credit score doesn’t mean shit anymore. Etc. permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 11 points 4 hours ago unconditional surrender wasn't a demand but a statement. if every president inevitably turns into George Bush then there is a problem with the position. permalink award report block reply
barc 9 points 4 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were fake.  They counted millions of "turn aways" as deportations.  If a fuzzie never made it past the border ports of entry or got chased back across the border by CBP, Obama's DHS counted that as a "deportation."  Trump's DHS doesn't so that.   On the border and deportation, Trump is 1million times better than any other president since Eisenhower. permalink award report block reply Ostia 13 points 4 hours ago We’re counting people we claim left on their own, which we have no way to actually track. We haven’t even deported a million people. permalink parent award report block reply barc 2 points 4 hours ago The difference is that those aren't counted in the official "deported" numbers by DHS.  Obama was counting "turn aways" as official deportations.  If Trump was counting self deportations, his numbers would already be close to what Obama had.  DHS claims there are over 2 million self-deportations in the first 9 months of 2025.  Obama claimed about 3 million deportations during his entire 8 year run.  And again, that included the turn aways.  The OP was right on most of what he posted.  On deportations and the border, he was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 4 hours ago What the fuck are you talking about? The administration constantly talks about having deported "millions" by counting people we have no way to track who we say are leaving on their own? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 1 points 3 hours ago We can track the illegals that take the grand and free plane ticket.  If they got on the plane, we know they left.  I doubt there are a million of those, though.  Maybe a few thousand?  Be nice to have some numbers on that. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago We are not counting them. Or it would already be in the tens ofillions permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago We do count them and it’s just over 2 million. Not even close to 10’s. We’ve actually deported less than 700,000. Combine them both and it’s just under 3,000,000 we are claiming to have deported. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago I would assume a lot ate refusing to even try now. So hes deported 9 billion permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 1 points 3 hours ago He also counted each "catch and release" as a deportation. That's what pumped his numbers so high. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 13 points 4 hours ago We’re counting people we claim left on their own, which we have no way to actually track. We haven’t even deported a million people. permalink parent award report block reply barc 2 points 4 hours ago The difference is that those aren't counted in the official "deported" numbers by DHS.  Obama was counting "turn aways" as official deportations.  If Trump was counting self deportations, his numbers would already be close to what Obama had.  DHS claims there are over 2 million self-deportations in the first 9 months of 2025.  Obama claimed about 3 million deportations during his entire 8 year run.  And again, that included the turn aways.  The OP was right on most of what he posted.  On deportations and the border, he was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 4 hours ago What the fuck are you talking about? The administration constantly talks about having deported "millions" by counting people we have no way to track who we say are leaving on their own? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 1 points 3 hours ago We can track the illegals that take the grand and free plane ticket.  If they got on the plane, we know they left.  I doubt there are a million of those, though.  Maybe a few thousand?  Be nice to have some numbers on that. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago We are not counting them. Or it would already be in the tens ofillions permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago We do count them and it’s just over 2 million. Not even close to 10’s. We’ve actually deported less than 700,000. Combine them both and it’s just under 3,000,000 we are claiming to have deported. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago I would assume a lot ate refusing to even try now. So hes deported 9 billion permalink parent award report block reply
barc 2 points 4 hours ago The difference is that those aren't counted in the official "deported" numbers by DHS.  Obama was counting "turn aways" as official deportations.  If Trump was counting self deportations, his numbers would already be close to what Obama had.  DHS claims there are over 2 million self-deportations in the first 9 months of 2025.  Obama claimed about 3 million deportations during his entire 8 year run.  And again, that included the turn aways.  The OP was right on most of what he posted.  On deportations and the border, he was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 4 points 4 hours ago What the fuck are you talking about? The administration constantly talks about having deported "millions" by counting people we have no way to track who we say are leaving on their own? permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 4 points 4 hours ago What the fuck are you talking about? The administration constantly talks about having deported "millions" by counting people we have no way to track who we say are leaving on their own? permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 1 points 3 hours ago We can track the illegals that take the grand and free plane ticket.  If they got on the plane, we know they left.  I doubt there are a million of those, though.  Maybe a few thousand?  Be nice to have some numbers on that. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago We are not counting them. Or it would already be in the tens ofillions permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago We do count them and it’s just over 2 million. Not even close to 10’s. We’ve actually deported less than 700,000. Combine them both and it’s just under 3,000,000 we are claiming to have deported. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago I would assume a lot ate refusing to even try now. So hes deported 9 billion permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago We do count them and it’s just over 2 million. Not even close to 10’s. We’ve actually deported less than 700,000. Combine them both and it’s just under 3,000,000 we are claiming to have deported. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago I would assume a lot ate refusing to even try now. So hes deported 9 billion permalink parent award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 1 points 3 hours ago I would assume a lot ate refusing to even try now. So hes deported 9 billion permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 1 points 3 hours ago He also counted each "catch and release" as a deportation. That's what pumped his numbers so high. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 9 points 4 hours ago MAGA must become it's own beast capable of standing on its own two feet and sustaining itself, I don't see how we can do that and stay attached to the RNC/GOP permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 5 points 3 hours ago The GOP seemed to be on the ball when Lara Trump replaced Pierre Delecto's nice, but then she stepped aside. We need a die-hard MAGA as the head of the GOP, or it'll be a dead party. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 5 points 3 hours ago The GOP seemed to be on the ball when Lara Trump replaced Pierre Delecto's nice, but then she stepped aside. We need a die-hard MAGA as the head of the GOP, or it'll be a dead party. permalink parent award report block reply
Farqquard 9 points 4 hours ago ageed permalink award report block reply
SpaceWizard 8 points 4 hours ago The question we should be asking is: how do we get aipac and Israel out of our politics? Think about it.... No one without their support can get elected because of their strangle hold on our politicians/blackmail. So how do we defeat that? Someone needs to fake support for them in order to destroy their influence from within. Such actions could not be known because they would probably kill him if it were public knowledge. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 3 points 3 hours ago Support the muzzies in destroying Israel seems to be the only option. I don't like it, but Israel is leaving us little choice at this point. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago He already made a collaboration of Arab states to deal with Hamas. And so far is keeping Israel in check.. Aka not committing genocide anymore. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago Idk about that. Forced sharia law doesn't sound that great. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 2 points 2 hours ago Not for the people over there, but at least it would end AIPAC's influence here . permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 3 points 3 hours ago Support the muzzies in destroying Israel seems to be the only option. I don't like it, but Israel is leaving us little choice at this point. permalink parent award report block reply UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago He already made a collaboration of Arab states to deal with Hamas. And so far is keeping Israel in check.. Aka not committing genocide anymore. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago Idk about that. Forced sharia law doesn't sound that great. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 2 points 2 hours ago Not for the people over there, but at least it would end AIPAC's influence here . permalink parent award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago He already made a collaboration of Arab states to deal with Hamas. And so far is keeping Israel in check.. Aka not committing genocide anymore. permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago Idk about that. Forced sharia law doesn't sound that great. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 2 points 2 hours ago Not for the people over there, but at least it would end AIPAC's influence here . permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 2 points 2 hours ago Not for the people over there, but at least it would end AIPAC's influence here . permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 6 points 4 hours ago Thank you. I agree. I never wavered in my support until this term started. It's disheartening permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 4 points 3 hours ago I thought this term started pretty well, he was blasting libs with executive orders and winning court battles - despite activist judges slowing things down. The real hindrance seems to be a do-nothing Congress combined with Charlie's death. After that, Trump seems to have curled into a ball and surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 4 points 3 hours ago I thought this term started pretty well, he was blasting libs with executive orders and winning court battles - despite activist judges slowing things down. The real hindrance seems to be a do-nothing Congress combined with Charlie's death. After that, Trump seems to have curled into a ball and surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply
JBlaze056 6 points 4 hours ago It is alright.  Strong political movements live on well past their initial avatars.  Trump did wonders on opening the debate and discussions around many issues.  He is just not doing enough to correct the identified problems, and the American first MAGA agenda/coalition will continue well past his days in office.  That means we can still appreciate what he did while recognizing that we need someone even more focused and committed after him. permalink award report block reply Madnote1984 8 points 3 hours ago Also, people see criticism as abandonment, when really, all we are trying to do is put pressure on so that POTUS hears it and corrects course. Otherwise, the NEOCONs and Techbros in his ear will continue to lead him to ruin. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 3 points 3 hours ago Many people have a difficult time disassociating policy from people and criticism for lack of allegiance.  Many people are retarded.  Oh well, that is life. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago You must know then what's going on, is beyond mere criticism. There is a concerted effort to destroy/divide MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 2 points 2 hours ago There is an actual divide in MAGA.  There are also those who want to exploit the divide.  There are those who push allegiance to to Israel over everything like Shapiro, Levin, Cruz, and all the other Zionists, Christian or Jewish.  People seem to forget, including Trump, that all these people were historically never-Trumpers and worked against MAGA and the America first agenda.  Now they attack America-First people who want our government's focus on American citizens instead of the interests of foreign countries.  It is a big split that has always been there and Trump reversing his stance on things like H1Bs and bringing charges against the people who tried to steal our elections is bringing it to the forefront.  Charlie Kirk coming out against Israel and Zionism just before being murdered, and then the Zionists coming out an lying about him, also has added fuel to the split.  Oh well, better these issues get resolved now so we can find a a true America First candidate before the next general election.  I hope that is JD.  He has still been supporting the America first cause even in the face of the Zionist raging at him to denounce Tucker and Candace and the pushing for the America first agenda.  . permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 2 hours ago I am aware of that statement.  It has been posted on this board many times just today.  Are you posting it in relation to my comment for any particular reason? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Ch3f4554551n 1 points 5 minutes ago Trump is a product of the NEOCONS. He is Roy Cohn's protege. He comes directly from that system. He merely paid enough lip service and red meat to the base to get elected. He isn't changing anything - far from it. He wanted a seat at the table for him and his family. Our real hope is with MAGA and America 1st, and until WE do something, nothing will change. We need a 2nd revolution and a refounding. permalink parent award report block reply
Madnote1984 8 points 3 hours ago Also, people see criticism as abandonment, when really, all we are trying to do is put pressure on so that POTUS hears it and corrects course. Otherwise, the NEOCONs and Techbros in his ear will continue to lead him to ruin. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 3 points 3 hours ago Many people have a difficult time disassociating policy from people and criticism for lack of allegiance.  Many people are retarded.  Oh well, that is life. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago You must know then what's going on, is beyond mere criticism. There is a concerted effort to destroy/divide MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 2 points 2 hours ago There is an actual divide in MAGA.  There are also those who want to exploit the divide.  There are those who push allegiance to to Israel over everything like Shapiro, Levin, Cruz, and all the other Zionists, Christian or Jewish.  People seem to forget, including Trump, that all these people were historically never-Trumpers and worked against MAGA and the America first agenda.  Now they attack America-First people who want our government's focus on American citizens instead of the interests of foreign countries.  It is a big split that has always been there and Trump reversing his stance on things like H1Bs and bringing charges against the people who tried to steal our elections is bringing it to the forefront.  Charlie Kirk coming out against Israel and Zionism just before being murdered, and then the Zionists coming out an lying about him, also has added fuel to the split.  Oh well, better these issues get resolved now so we can find a a true America First candidate before the next general election.  I hope that is JD.  He has still been supporting the America first cause even in the face of the Zionist raging at him to denounce Tucker and Candace and the pushing for the America first agenda.  . permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 2 hours ago I am aware of that statement.  It has been posted on this board many times just today.  Are you posting it in relation to my comment for any particular reason? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Ch3f4554551n 1 points 5 minutes ago Trump is a product of the NEOCONS. He is Roy Cohn's protege. He comes directly from that system. He merely paid enough lip service and red meat to the base to get elected. He isn't changing anything - far from it. He wanted a seat at the table for him and his family. Our real hope is with MAGA and America 1st, and until WE do something, nothing will change. We need a 2nd revolution and a refounding. permalink parent award report block reply
JBlaze056 3 points 3 hours ago Many people have a difficult time disassociating policy from people and criticism for lack of allegiance.  Many people are retarded.  Oh well, that is life. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago You must know then what's going on, is beyond mere criticism. There is a concerted effort to destroy/divide MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 2 points 2 hours ago There is an actual divide in MAGA.  There are also those who want to exploit the divide.  There are those who push allegiance to to Israel over everything like Shapiro, Levin, Cruz, and all the other Zionists, Christian or Jewish.  People seem to forget, including Trump, that all these people were historically never-Trumpers and worked against MAGA and the America first agenda.  Now they attack America-First people who want our government's focus on American citizens instead of the interests of foreign countries.  It is a big split that has always been there and Trump reversing his stance on things like H1Bs and bringing charges against the people who tried to steal our elections is bringing it to the forefront.  Charlie Kirk coming out against Israel and Zionism just before being murdered, and then the Zionists coming out an lying about him, also has added fuel to the split.  Oh well, better these issues get resolved now so we can find a a true America First candidate before the next general election.  I hope that is JD.  He has still been supporting the America first cause even in the face of the Zionist raging at him to denounce Tucker and Candace and the pushing for the America first agenda.  . permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 2 hours ago I am aware of that statement.  It has been posted on this board many times just today.  Are you posting it in relation to my comment for any particular reason? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SpaceWizard 2 points 2 hours ago You must know then what's going on, is beyond mere criticism. There is a concerted effort to destroy/divide MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 2 points 2 hours ago There is an actual divide in MAGA.  There are also those who want to exploit the divide.  There are those who push allegiance to to Israel over everything like Shapiro, Levin, Cruz, and all the other Zionists, Christian or Jewish.  People seem to forget, including Trump, that all these people were historically never-Trumpers and worked against MAGA and the America first agenda.  Now they attack America-First people who want our government's focus on American citizens instead of the interests of foreign countries.  It is a big split that has always been there and Trump reversing his stance on things like H1Bs and bringing charges against the people who tried to steal our elections is bringing it to the forefront.  Charlie Kirk coming out against Israel and Zionism just before being murdered, and then the Zionists coming out an lying about him, also has added fuel to the split.  Oh well, better these issues get resolved now so we can find a a true America First candidate before the next general election.  I hope that is JD.  He has still been supporting the America first cause even in the face of the Zionist raging at him to denounce Tucker and Candace and the pushing for the America first agenda.  . permalink parent award report block reply
JBlaze056 2 points 2 hours ago There is an actual divide in MAGA.  There are also those who want to exploit the divide.  There are those who push allegiance to to Israel over everything like Shapiro, Levin, Cruz, and all the other Zionists, Christian or Jewish.  People seem to forget, including Trump, that all these people were historically never-Trumpers and worked against MAGA and the America first agenda.  Now they attack America-First people who want our government's focus on American citizens instead of the interests of foreign countries.  It is a big split that has always been there and Trump reversing his stance on things like H1Bs and bringing charges against the people who tried to steal our elections is bringing it to the forefront.  Charlie Kirk coming out against Israel and Zionism just before being murdered, and then the Zionists coming out an lying about him, also has added fuel to the split.  Oh well, better these issues get resolved now so we can find a a true America First candidate before the next general election.  I hope that is JD.  He has still been supporting the America first cause even in the face of the Zionist raging at him to denounce Tucker and Candace and the pushing for the America first agenda.  . permalink parent award report block reply
Female 1 points 3 hours ago Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas back on March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/statement-donald-j-trump-position-visas permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 1 points 2 hours ago I am aware of that statement.  It has been posted on this board many times just today.  Are you posting it in relation to my comment for any particular reason? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
JBlaze056 1 points 2 hours ago I am aware of that statement.  It has been posted on this board many times just today.  Are you posting it in relation to my comment for any particular reason? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Ch3f4554551n 1 points 5 minutes ago Trump is a product of the NEOCONS. He is Roy Cohn's protege. He comes directly from that system. He merely paid enough lip service and red meat to the base to get elected. He isn't changing anything - far from it. He wanted a seat at the table for him and his family. Our real hope is with MAGA and America 1st, and until WE do something, nothing will change. We need a 2nd revolution and a refounding. permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard 4 points 4 hours ago Venezuela had a huge part in smartmatic, and they facilitate the stealing of elections. There are surely reasons for Trump's actions that if revealed, would let the enemies know of his plans. We need to trust Trump. 🇺🇸💯✝️ permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 3 points 3 hours ago I'm still holding out hope that things are going on behind the scenes that cannot be explained or revealed to the enemy at large. But having Trump saying that we're stupid for looking at Epstein, or we don't have any talent in America and have to import Infinity Indians and Chinese spies, pushing 50-year mortgages while saying the economy is great, arresting none of the low hanging fruit day 1, doing nothing about the J6 pipe bomber or the other traitors in the DC police, is making it really hard to believe that there is any MAGA left in his admin. permalink award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 2 points 3 hours ago H1b and 50 year mortgage are fair points. Venezuela and Iran certainly are threats however. But we are not at war with them. Also hes not too pleased at all with Bibi. permalink award report block reply
StrongIsland 2 points 4 hours ago 💯 permalink award report block reply
Thefrogeatsfree 2 points 3 hours ago Agreed with all of this. Trump thinks he has a patent on MAGA but we are outgrowing him. If the plan is to get a leader that is all the things they said Trump was then we are on track. We just need to not get demoralized permalink award report block reply
KJaden 1 points 3 hours ago Politicians lie to get your support. Why? It works. You think this politician won't use what works to get stuff he wants to get done? Welcome to being politically aware. It sucks here. permalink award report block reply JesusIsMyGod114 1 points 42 minutes ago You're saying Trumo does that? So why are you on his fan page here? You're welcome to leave permalink parent award report block reply
JesusIsMyGod114 1 points 42 minutes ago You're saying Trumo does that? So why are you on his fan page here? You're welcome to leave permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 1 points 3 hours ago DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink award report block reply awookienookie OP 2 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
awookienookie OP 2 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 1 points 3 hours ago We are under communist rule now permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 0 points 49 minutes ago 100 agree brotha! Im glad so many of us are not tolerating this shit from Trump. We voted for ABC and he has given us nothing by xyz. Its getting old, and i'm sorry to say it for the 1000th time, but we need to grab our guns and march onto D.C and actually take back this nation. Period. There is no army, no national guard, no police force that can stop 100,000 well armed men coming in one direction from all over this country.
We literally gather this many people every day in every city for sporting events but we can not gather for the future of our country? permalink award report block reply
JesusIsMyGod114 -2 points 2 hours ago Delete your account and leave this page. permalink award report block reply awookienookie OP 2 points 52 minutes ago I’m seriously thinking about it, but before I do, tell me where I was wrong?  Because Trump is being dog walked by something that isn’t MAGA, do you not see his comments on H1B and how Americans are talentless? We can criticize our president and not be a mental slave. permalink parent award report block reply
awookienookie OP 2 points 52 minutes ago I’m seriously thinking about it, but before I do, tell me where I was wrong?  Because Trump is being dog walked by something that isn’t MAGA, do you not see his comments on H1B and how Americans are talentless? We can criticize our president and not be a mental slave. permalink parent award report block reply