506 The man who designed ObamaCare, MIT economist Jonathan Gruber, openly admitted the entire “Affordable Care Act” was built on lies.

He bragged that “lack of transparency is a huge political advantage,” calling the American voter “stupid.” posted 1 day ago by YodaBannon 21 comments award share report block Charlie’s Voice Rising @CharlieK_news • 2d Watch this — the man who designed ObamaCare, MIT economist Jonathan Gruber, openly admitted the entire “Affordable Care Act” was built on lies. He bragged that “lack of transparency is a huge political advantage,” calling the American voter “stupid.” This wasn’t health reform —
21 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Frenchie619 19 points 1 day ago I remember when this video first came out.  The do-nothing lame stream media went into triple overtime to run cover and discredit, or flat out ignored. This country would be so much better off if we had a trustworthy media.  Instead,  we've got North Korea style, where everything is premeditated, filtered and often full of lies and gaslighting. Can't hate them enough! permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 5 points 1 day ago Same here.  I heard it and was waiting for the GOP to go nuts.  They went to sleep, useles POS! permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 2 points 1 day ago Pepe Farms remembers. permalink parent award report block reply loooooof 10 points 1 day ago Jonathan Gruber. A subversive parasite plying it's trade. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 2 points 1 day ago Do I need to early life check permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 6 points 1 day ago So it was written to force us to raise taxes later.   Last name checks out. permalink award report block reply abstain 5 points 1 day ago Yes he did. permalink award report block reply geckogreen 5 points 1 day ago Nancy Pelosi: "We have to pass the bill so you can find out what’s in it" permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 4 points 1 day ago He made a comic about the ACA before it passed.  An employee of mine at the time bought it and loaned it to me to read.  It was all horseshit, and I told him to keep it, it'd be worth money some day. Sent him this video on Sunday and asked if he still has it.  He is going to look for it. permalink award report block reply NoFats 3 points 1 day ago 75 million people voted for Kamala Harris. Dude isn't wrong. permalink award report block reply OK_Parmaker 3 points 1 day ago And the “stupid voters”? Those would be the democrats. permalink award report block reply KennyUS 2 points 1 day ago Well he is right about the American public permalink award report block reply elgordo 2 points 1 day ago This cocksucker costs me over $2100 for the crappiest health plan. permalink award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 1 day ago He's not wrong about the average American voter being stupid. permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 1 day ago Well, yes, "the American voter is [Gruber] stupid". But American voter Gruberity, does not make easy Evil obama-eminations ... less evil. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago The American voter must be pretty stupid, we’ve elected people to get rid of this turd and none of them have done it. permalink parent award report block reply magnokor 1 points 1 day ago It was also written by Barry's friend when he was in jail. Robert Creamer, the frequent White House visitor after his prison days, wrote the blueprint for what became Obamacare, while he was in prison for bank fraud. permalink award report block reply Wakenbake 1 points 1 day ago Yeah ... back in 2012 permalink award report block reply Dantalian 1 points 1 day ago At least he's HONEST. permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 1 points 1 day ago We knew this literally before it was even passed permalink award report block reply
Frenchie619 19 points 1 day ago I remember when this video first came out.  The do-nothing lame stream media went into triple overtime to run cover and discredit, or flat out ignored. This country would be so much better off if we had a trustworthy media.  Instead,  we've got North Korea style, where everything is premeditated, filtered and often full of lies and gaslighting. Can't hate them enough! permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 5 points 1 day ago Same here.  I heard it and was waiting for the GOP to go nuts.  They went to sleep, useles POS! permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 2 points 1 day ago Pepe Farms remembers. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 5 points 1 day ago Same here.  I heard it and was waiting for the GOP to go nuts.  They went to sleep, useles POS! permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 2 points 1 day ago Pepe Farms remembers. permalink parent award report block reply
loooooof 10 points 1 day ago Jonathan Gruber. A subversive parasite plying it's trade. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 2 points 1 day ago Do I need to early life check permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 2 points 1 day ago Do I need to early life check permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 6 points 1 day ago So it was written to force us to raise taxes later.   Last name checks out. permalink award report block reply
abstain 5 points 1 day ago Yes he did. permalink award report block reply
geckogreen 5 points 1 day ago Nancy Pelosi: "We have to pass the bill so you can find out what’s in it" permalink award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 4 points 1 day ago He made a comic about the ACA before it passed.  An employee of mine at the time bought it and loaned it to me to read.  It was all horseshit, and I told him to keep it, it'd be worth money some day. Sent him this video on Sunday and asked if he still has it.  He is going to look for it. permalink award report block reply
NoFats 3 points 1 day ago 75 million people voted for Kamala Harris. Dude isn't wrong. permalink award report block reply
OK_Parmaker 3 points 1 day ago And the “stupid voters”? Those would be the democrats. permalink award report block reply
KennyUS 2 points 1 day ago Well he is right about the American public permalink award report block reply
elgordo 2 points 1 day ago This cocksucker costs me over $2100 for the crappiest health plan. permalink award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 1 day ago He's not wrong about the average American voter being stupid. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 1 day ago Well, yes, "the American voter is [Gruber] stupid". But American voter Gruberity, does not make easy Evil obama-eminations ... less evil. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago The American voter must be pretty stupid, we’ve elected people to get rid of this turd and none of them have done it. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 1 day ago The American voter must be pretty stupid, we’ve elected people to get rid of this turd and none of them have done it. permalink parent award report block reply
magnokor 1 points 1 day ago It was also written by Barry's friend when he was in jail. Robert Creamer, the frequent White House visitor after his prison days, wrote the blueprint for what became Obamacare, while he was in prison for bank fraud. permalink award report block reply
Wakenbake 1 points 1 day ago Yeah ... back in 2012 permalink award report block reply
Dantalian 1 points 1 day ago At least he's HONEST. permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 1 points 1 day ago We knew this literally before it was even passed permalink award report block reply