804 Ukraine is ending ... NABU says that in the Zelensky office there are corrupt officials linked to Russia. Zelensky office says that in NABU there are corrupt officials linked to Russia.  Greed is to blame for everything.  

Corruption is eating up Zelenskyy. posted 9 hours ago by Trump2024Train 60 comments award share download report block
60 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save tomthung 45 points 8 hours ago The people of Ukraine did not elect Zelensky for fuck sake, Z was put in to kill Christians. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 14 points 6 hours ago to make room for khazaria 2.0 and all the migrants to do the hard labour on the super arable fields permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 2 hours ago of course it's RUSSIA in their government stealing the money, it could never be stolen from the MOST corrupt government of the Ukraine, ask yourself WHO put these people in THOSE positions? NOPE THIS IS MORE DEFLECTION from themselves. They just want us to be angry at the Russians and go to war for them about Russia stealing OUR money. Fuck that they haven't held an election since this propaganda war started permalink parent award report block reply Pepbrandt 21 points 9 hours ago Where's Ghost of Ukraine when we need him? permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 12 points 7 hours ago I hear he's a corrupt official linked to Russia permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 5 points 6 hours ago Ghost of Kiev? He's currently doing podcasts permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 5 points 5 hours ago Sem Hydov? permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 5 hours ago He gets away with everything permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 5 hours ago He's now defending California against climate change permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 2 points 4 hours ago This is a false report. He was spotted last week protecting the public from Rosie O'Donnells farts. permalink parent award report block reply grad16uc 13 points 8 hours ago "We Ukrainians screwed ourselves. Thought we were smarter than everyone." This isn't real. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 6 points 5 hours ago Ukraine is most corrupt country in planet BEFORE the invasion.   I don't believe anything about Ukraine but this. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 2 hours ago 2009 to 2013 the most corrupt country according to the world corruption index if I remember correctly. Then in 2014. . . . . permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Diana is a known propagandist on the Kremlin payroll. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 0 points 5 hours ago It isn't real.  But that doesn't stop some real retards from slurping it up. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 13 points 8 hours ago Who is this poster? I keep seeing interesting posts from her on Ukraine that seem to confirm everything we believe about the situation, but I have no idea if she's truly an insider over there, or could she possibly be Russian disinfo? permalink award report block reply CharlieMike 7 points 6 hours ago A Ukrainian journalist who is a critic of Zelensky and pro-Russian.  She was exiled from Ukraine for her criticism of the midget. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 3 points 6 hours ago Okay, thank you. Would you say she has a good track record, or is she more of an ideologue? permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 6 points 6 hours ago She was born and raised in Ukraine and was a highly rated journalist in the past.  However, she was working for pro-Russian tv channel NewsOne when Zelensky sanctioned the owner and shut down the network.  I think it was in 2021 when she stated in an interview that Ukraine was a “cesspool of corruption”. My gut says she is taking some truths and adding a heavy pro-Russian/anti-Zelensky slant.  It’s informative but has to be weighed against what’s proven. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 5 hours ago The “cesspool of corruption” isn’t even her take. Before the CIA had their little party there, Ukraine was panned by everyone as incredibly corrupt and the worst in Europe. permalink parent award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 5 points 8 hours ago I've been noticing it's always her as well. I'd also like to know. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 6 hours ago She's dreamy....   [swoons] permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 6 hours ago Probably FSB but I like em. 👍 Please send Russia sexpionage agents my way. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 0 points 5 hours ago She is Russian disinfo.  She lives in Moscow and pushes the Kremlin propaganda line at every turn. permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience -3 points 7 hours ago It sounds like total BS to me. And the way this site seemingly cheers Russia is scary. Russia is not our friend. The west may have a part in why Russia is acting as they are, but that does not change that Russia is attacking and killing a huge number of people, probably mostly to cover up what they have done to fuck their own country. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 2 points 5 hours ago Russia is definitely not our friend, but its a shame they aren't.  Both countries would be better off as allies but history and culture are preventing it. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Exactly right.  Good to see there is at least one sensible person here. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 6 hours ago It seems perfectly reasonable that Russia would actively seek out officials in Ukraine they could coerce. My impression is there are a lot of Ukranians that have familial ties to Russia and would want some type of relationship between the countries. Vlad may be the larger problem between them but li'l Z is really bad. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 0 points 6 hours ago the only 'friend' you have has been systematically dismantling your country by parasitic financial chicanery for at least a century of not longer permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike -1 points 5 hours ago Oh no!  You have upset the resident putin knob gobblers.  How dare you interrupt the masturbation session over their dear daddy putin. permalink parent award report block reply brainphreeze 5 points 8 hours ago [X] doubt permalink award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 1 points 4 hours ago Ukraine will fall in just 2 more weeks. The cucks and shills have been breathlessly telling us this for 3.5 years now. At this point their predictions are about as reliable as the global warming nuts. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 4 points 8 hours ago The most corrupt nation on earth, i.e. Ukraine is losing? permalink award report block reply finnigan 3 points 6 hours ago Wow, he was elected, at least in 2019.  It is so sad that an entire country is down the chute because of global greed.  Russia would have been a good neighbor and ally to Ukraine but they had to have it all. permalink award report block reply Prof_Smith 3 points 7 hours ago Look forward to the day where he’s drug through the street like every other dictator who works with the US end up. He is this generation’s Saddam Hussein and will end up the same way permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 6 hours ago /// SPECIAL DOSSIER /// KEKISTANI SECURITY DIRECTORATE DIRECTORATE OF OPERATIONS & MEMES CLASSIFIED // NOFORN // ORCON // ACORNPORN SUBJECT DOSSIER: PANCHENKO, DIANA VITALIEVNA FILE NO.: 2025-UKR-PROP-047 (REDACTED AS OF: 12 NOVEMBER 2025 SUBJECT OVERVIEW DIANA P. (b. 21 May 1988, Kyiv) is a national-level media figure who transitioned from mainstream journalism to high-visibility propaganda activity. Educated in publishing/editing and law, she rose to prominence as a television host before shifting to online platforms following the 2022 conflict. Publicly visible activity includes multilingual video productions and commentary aligning with an adversarial narrative on the conflict. Monetization and audience reach estimates are open-source derived and vary by platform. She transitioned into a full pro-Russian  after the 2022 invasion. She started her career on local channels like Kyiv TV (2010–2015) before joining Viktor Medvedchuk's pro-Kremlin outlets—NewsOne, 112 Ukraine, and ZIK—where she hosted shows promoting narratives sympathetic to Russia, including downplaying the 2014 annexation of Crimea and framing eastern Ukraine's unrest as Ukrainian provocation. Her "anti-Western" (anti nato?) sentiments were evident early: in 2020 interviews, she called Russia a "fraternal nation" and expressed no qualms about visiting Moscow. Post-invasion, she fled to Russia (briefly Moscow), then occupied Donetsk for filming, and now bases in Dubai, producing YouTube videos (banned in Ukraine and suspended globally in August 2025) and X posts (@Panchenko_X, 148K followers) that deny Russian aggression, blame Zelenskyy for the war, and push Kremlin lines on NATO "provocation" and Ukrainian "disintegration." So based? KNOWN AFFILIATIONS & ACTIVITIES Media ties: Previous employment with legacy broadcast outlets; later independent production and event appearances. Digital footprint: Active across multiple social platforms under variant accounts; content themes include contested narratives on conflict, governance, and international relations. Engagement levels fluctuate; criticism from multiple online communities has been documented. Publications: Authored opinion pieces and at least one book-length work presenting a counter-Western perspective. INFLUENCE & REACH Subject maintains a sizeable following in target language communities and has been cited in regional media. Activities concentrate on amplification of specific geopolitical themes intended to influence foreign audiences and domestic diaspora networks. THREAT ASSESSMENT Subject functions as a high-visibility information actor whose content contributes to information disorder. Open-source reporting and civil society analyses characterize the subject as a professional propagandist; legal actions or indictments referenced in open records have varying statuses and should be independently validated before operational use. She is kinda dreamy and several of our experts have suggested they could "fix her, bro" PROBABLE ACTIONS SUGESTED BY OTHER GROUPS Counter-narrative: Coordinate allied media to provide context and factual rebuttals in the subject’s primary languages. Monitor: Maintain watch on subject’s hosting platforms and associated networks for shifts in modality or monetization. Legal/Compliance: Liaise with partner law enforcement/regulatory bodies to verify any jurisdictional enforcement options. END DOSSIER CLASSIFIED // HANDLE VIA TALENT-KEY CHANNELS ONLY OR WHATEVER. .... I mean you guys asked about her...  so I sent a request for the full dossier. Special note: to any actual sneaky sneak guys, I am a humble meme farmer tending my memes, just because I use formats nearly identical to yours and casually drop terms don't trip, I'm just a retarded sperg. Pls no bully. permalink award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 8 hours ago So expect him to be gone in 250 years, which is about how long the U.S. has lasted with 100% corruption from the domestic terrorists in D.C. permalink award report block reply Wizard_Glick 2 points 8 hours ago Baikove Cemetery... permalink award report block reply friarfox 2 points 7 hours ago They will execute him shortly. He has no purpose anymore. permalink award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 2 points 7 hours ago Yes, very sad. Anyway, about the income tax... permalink award report block reply NotDangerousGame 2 points 8 hours ago Yeah, it's the Russian agents fucking up the Ukraine and not the CIA assets left over from that time we coup'd them. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 2 points 6 hours ago Spy vs. Spy permalink parent award report block reply throwaway777b 1 points 5 hours ago McCain helped permalink award report block reply Mega_MAGA 1 points 6 hours ago (Wikipedia)
In August 2025, Panchenko's YouTube channel, which had 1.8 million subscribers and millions of views as of September 2024,[17] was deleted following a request from Ukraine's Center for Countering Disinformation.[19] permalink award report block reply Nutt_bugget 1 points 6 hours ago Corruption is eating up Zelenskyy, and Cocaine is eating up his nose. permalink award report block reply Liberats 1 points 6 hours ago If the little goblin is sweating that's a good sign the end of the war and maybe him are nigh. permalink award report block reply HocusLocus 1 points 5 hours ago Wasn't Ukraine crawling with embedded recipients of Russian gangster money since the 1990s?  After the collapse Russia privatized everything and new stratum of society formed.  During a war between the countries?  How does that work?  And magnets, how do they work? permalink award report block reply Bax101 1 points 4 hours ago The Ukrainian government who stole money are living lavishly in Florida. Mainly Sarasota area and Tampa. Seen so many of them partying nonstop. permalink award report block reply Cyber1776 1 points 5 hours ago Source: crack pipe permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 4 hours ago He got his billions. Right now he’s negotiating sanctuary in some poor insolvent country. Maybe it’s here come to think of it. permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 6 hours ago Nabu —once a symbol of galactic serenity—has fallen prey to corruption both foreign and domestic, with the Trade Federation’s invasive blockade in 32 BBY exposing Senate rot and homegrown Senator Palpatine orchestrating the crisis to seize power, while post-Empire strip-mining and bribe-taking governors further tarnished the planet’s idyllic façade. permalink award report block reply ciaramella_is_gay 1 points 1 hour ago 2 MORE WEEKS! permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 1 points 5 hours ago You said rape twice. permalink award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Diana Panchenko is posted here every day but she works for the Kremlin as a propagandist.  I have been hearing that Ukraine is finished here daily for almost four years but it never seems to happen. permalink award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 1 points 3 hours ago Just two more weeks, bro. Trust us, bro. Didn't you hear what Colonel Douglasov MacGregorski just said, bro? They're on the verge of total collapse, bro. It's really totally going to happen this time, bro. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 3 hours ago LOL.  So true. permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 1 points 1 hour ago Russians = cokedheads permalink award report block reply TDAF 1 points 7 hours ago Palpatine invaded NABU? permalink award report block reply knnbccb -1 points 7 hours ago Ukraine was already dead since 2014. Check your history. permalink award report block reply
tomthung 45 points 8 hours ago The people of Ukraine did not elect Zelensky for fuck sake, Z was put in to kill Christians. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 14 points 6 hours ago to make room for khazaria 2.0 and all the migrants to do the hard labour on the super arable fields permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 2 hours ago of course it's RUSSIA in their government stealing the money, it could never be stolen from the MOST corrupt government of the Ukraine, ask yourself WHO put these people in THOSE positions? NOPE THIS IS MORE DEFLECTION from themselves. They just want us to be angry at the Russians and go to war for them about Russia stealing OUR money. Fuck that they haven't held an election since this propaganda war started permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 14 points 6 hours ago to make room for khazaria 2.0 and all the migrants to do the hard labour on the super arable fields permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 2 hours ago of course it's RUSSIA in their government stealing the money, it could never be stolen from the MOST corrupt government of the Ukraine, ask yourself WHO put these people in THOSE positions? NOPE THIS IS MORE DEFLECTION from themselves. They just want us to be angry at the Russians and go to war for them about Russia stealing OUR money. Fuck that they haven't held an election since this propaganda war started permalink parent award report block reply
Pepbrandt 21 points 9 hours ago Where's Ghost of Ukraine when we need him? permalink award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 12 points 7 hours ago I hear he's a corrupt official linked to Russia permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 5 points 6 hours ago Ghost of Kiev? He's currently doing podcasts permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 5 points 5 hours ago Sem Hydov? permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 5 hours ago He gets away with everything permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 5 hours ago He's now defending California against climate change permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 2 points 4 hours ago This is a false report. He was spotted last week protecting the public from Rosie O'Donnells farts. permalink parent award report block reply
Kraken_V_Algorithm 12 points 7 hours ago I hear he's a corrupt official linked to Russia permalink parent award report block reply
CzechForTrump 5 points 6 hours ago Ghost of Kiev? He's currently doing podcasts permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 5 points 5 hours ago Sem Hydov? permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 5 hours ago He gets away with everything permalink parent award report block reply
HKgoneWild 5 points 5 hours ago Sem Hydov? permalink parent award report block reply NeoDragoon 2 points 5 hours ago He gets away with everything permalink parent award report block reply
NeoDragoon 2 points 5 hours ago He gets away with everything permalink parent award report block reply
diverscale 2 points 5 hours ago He's now defending California against climate change permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 2 points 4 hours ago This is a false report. He was spotted last week protecting the public from Rosie O'Donnells farts. permalink parent award report block reply
Parhelion12 2 points 4 hours ago This is a false report. He was spotted last week protecting the public from Rosie O'Donnells farts. permalink parent award report block reply
grad16uc 13 points 8 hours ago "We Ukrainians screwed ourselves. Thought we were smarter than everyone." This isn't real. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 6 points 5 hours ago Ukraine is most corrupt country in planet BEFORE the invasion.   I don't believe anything about Ukraine but this. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 2 hours ago 2009 to 2013 the most corrupt country according to the world corruption index if I remember correctly. Then in 2014. . . . . permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Diana is a known propagandist on the Kremlin payroll. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 0 points 5 hours ago It isn't real.  But that doesn't stop some real retards from slurping it up. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 6 points 5 hours ago Ukraine is most corrupt country in planet BEFORE the invasion.   I don't believe anything about Ukraine but this. permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 2 hours ago 2009 to 2013 the most corrupt country according to the world corruption index if I remember correctly. Then in 2014. . . . . permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 2 points 2 hours ago 2009 to 2013 the most corrupt country according to the world corruption index if I remember correctly. Then in 2014. . . . . permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Diana is a known propagandist on the Kremlin payroll. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 0 points 5 hours ago It isn't real.  But that doesn't stop some real retards from slurping it up. permalink parent award report block reply
hellohellohellohell 13 points 8 hours ago Who is this poster? I keep seeing interesting posts from her on Ukraine that seem to confirm everything we believe about the situation, but I have no idea if she's truly an insider over there, or could she possibly be Russian disinfo? permalink award report block reply CharlieMike 7 points 6 hours ago A Ukrainian journalist who is a critic of Zelensky and pro-Russian.  She was exiled from Ukraine for her criticism of the midget. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 3 points 6 hours ago Okay, thank you. Would you say she has a good track record, or is she more of an ideologue? permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 6 points 6 hours ago She was born and raised in Ukraine and was a highly rated journalist in the past.  However, she was working for pro-Russian tv channel NewsOne when Zelensky sanctioned the owner and shut down the network.  I think it was in 2021 when she stated in an interview that Ukraine was a “cesspool of corruption”. My gut says she is taking some truths and adding a heavy pro-Russian/anti-Zelensky slant.  It’s informative but has to be weighed against what’s proven. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 5 hours ago The “cesspool of corruption” isn’t even her take. Before the CIA had their little party there, Ukraine was panned by everyone as incredibly corrupt and the worst in Europe. permalink parent award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 5 points 8 hours ago I've been noticing it's always her as well. I'd also like to know. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 6 hours ago She's dreamy....   [swoons] permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 6 hours ago Probably FSB but I like em. 👍 Please send Russia sexpionage agents my way. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 0 points 5 hours ago She is Russian disinfo.  She lives in Moscow and pushes the Kremlin propaganda line at every turn. permalink parent award report block reply IAmTheScience -3 points 7 hours ago It sounds like total BS to me. And the way this site seemingly cheers Russia is scary. Russia is not our friend. The west may have a part in why Russia is acting as they are, but that does not change that Russia is attacking and killing a huge number of people, probably mostly to cover up what they have done to fuck their own country. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 2 points 5 hours ago Russia is definitely not our friend, but its a shame they aren't.  Both countries would be better off as allies but history and culture are preventing it. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Exactly right.  Good to see there is at least one sensible person here. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 6 hours ago It seems perfectly reasonable that Russia would actively seek out officials in Ukraine they could coerce. My impression is there are a lot of Ukranians that have familial ties to Russia and would want some type of relationship between the countries. Vlad may be the larger problem between them but li'l Z is really bad. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 0 points 6 hours ago the only 'friend' you have has been systematically dismantling your country by parasitic financial chicanery for at least a century of not longer permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike -1 points 5 hours ago Oh no!  You have upset the resident putin knob gobblers.  How dare you interrupt the masturbation session over their dear daddy putin. permalink parent award report block reply
CharlieMike 7 points 6 hours ago A Ukrainian journalist who is a critic of Zelensky and pro-Russian.  She was exiled from Ukraine for her criticism of the midget. permalink parent award report block reply hellohellohellohell 3 points 6 hours ago Okay, thank you. Would you say she has a good track record, or is she more of an ideologue? permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 6 points 6 hours ago She was born and raised in Ukraine and was a highly rated journalist in the past.  However, she was working for pro-Russian tv channel NewsOne when Zelensky sanctioned the owner and shut down the network.  I think it was in 2021 when she stated in an interview that Ukraine was a “cesspool of corruption”. My gut says she is taking some truths and adding a heavy pro-Russian/anti-Zelensky slant.  It’s informative but has to be weighed against what’s proven. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 5 hours ago The “cesspool of corruption” isn’t even her take. Before the CIA had their little party there, Ukraine was panned by everyone as incredibly corrupt and the worst in Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
hellohellohellohell 3 points 6 hours ago Okay, thank you. Would you say she has a good track record, or is she more of an ideologue? permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 6 points 6 hours ago She was born and raised in Ukraine and was a highly rated journalist in the past.  However, she was working for pro-Russian tv channel NewsOne when Zelensky sanctioned the owner and shut down the network.  I think it was in 2021 when she stated in an interview that Ukraine was a “cesspool of corruption”. My gut says she is taking some truths and adding a heavy pro-Russian/anti-Zelensky slant.  It’s informative but has to be weighed against what’s proven. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 5 hours ago The “cesspool of corruption” isn’t even her take. Before the CIA had their little party there, Ukraine was panned by everyone as incredibly corrupt and the worst in Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
CharlieMike 6 points 6 hours ago She was born and raised in Ukraine and was a highly rated journalist in the past.  However, she was working for pro-Russian tv channel NewsOne when Zelensky sanctioned the owner and shut down the network.  I think it was in 2021 when she stated in an interview that Ukraine was a “cesspool of corruption”. My gut says she is taking some truths and adding a heavy pro-Russian/anti-Zelensky slant.  It’s informative but has to be weighed against what’s proven. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 5 hours ago The “cesspool of corruption” isn’t even her take. Before the CIA had their little party there, Ukraine was panned by everyone as incredibly corrupt and the worst in Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
Cakes4077 2 points 5 hours ago The “cesspool of corruption” isn’t even her take. Before the CIA had their little party there, Ukraine was panned by everyone as incredibly corrupt and the worst in Europe. permalink parent award report block reply
MakingArrowsOrange 5 points 8 hours ago I've been noticing it's always her as well. I'd also like to know. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 6 hours ago She's dreamy....   [swoons] permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 6 hours ago She's dreamy....   [swoons] permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 6 hours ago Probably FSB but I like em. 👍 Please send Russia sexpionage agents my way. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 0 points 5 hours ago She is Russian disinfo.  She lives in Moscow and pushes the Kremlin propaganda line at every turn. permalink parent award report block reply
IAmTheScience -3 points 7 hours ago It sounds like total BS to me. And the way this site seemingly cheers Russia is scary. Russia is not our friend. The west may have a part in why Russia is acting as they are, but that does not change that Russia is attacking and killing a huge number of people, probably mostly to cover up what they have done to fuck their own country. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 2 points 5 hours ago Russia is definitely not our friend, but its a shame they aren't.  Both countries would be better off as allies but history and culture are preventing it. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Exactly right.  Good to see there is at least one sensible person here. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 1 points 6 hours ago It seems perfectly reasonable that Russia would actively seek out officials in Ukraine they could coerce. My impression is there are a lot of Ukranians that have familial ties to Russia and would want some type of relationship between the countries. Vlad may be the larger problem between them but li'l Z is really bad. permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 0 points 6 hours ago the only 'friend' you have has been systematically dismantling your country by parasitic financial chicanery for at least a century of not longer permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike -1 points 5 hours ago Oh no!  You have upset the resident putin knob gobblers.  How dare you interrupt the masturbation session over their dear daddy putin. permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 2 points 5 hours ago Russia is definitely not our friend, but its a shame they aren't.  Both countries would be better off as allies but history and culture are preventing it. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Exactly right.  Good to see there is at least one sensible person here. permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 1 points 6 hours ago It seems perfectly reasonable that Russia would actively seek out officials in Ukraine they could coerce. My impression is there are a lot of Ukranians that have familial ties to Russia and would want some type of relationship between the countries. Vlad may be the larger problem between them but li'l Z is really bad. permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 0 points 6 hours ago the only 'friend' you have has been systematically dismantling your country by parasitic financial chicanery for at least a century of not longer permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike -1 points 5 hours ago Oh no!  You have upset the resident putin knob gobblers.  How dare you interrupt the masturbation session over their dear daddy putin. permalink parent award report block reply
brainphreeze 5 points 8 hours ago [X] doubt permalink award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 1 points 4 hours ago Ukraine will fall in just 2 more weeks. The cucks and shills have been breathlessly telling us this for 3.5 years now. At this point their predictions are about as reliable as the global warming nuts. permalink parent award report block reply
DelendaEstMarxismo 1 points 4 hours ago Ukraine will fall in just 2 more weeks. The cucks and shills have been breathlessly telling us this for 3.5 years now. At this point their predictions are about as reliable as the global warming nuts. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 4 points 8 hours ago The most corrupt nation on earth, i.e. Ukraine is losing? permalink award report block reply
finnigan 3 points 6 hours ago Wow, he was elected, at least in 2019.  It is so sad that an entire country is down the chute because of global greed.  Russia would have been a good neighbor and ally to Ukraine but they had to have it all. permalink award report block reply
Prof_Smith 3 points 7 hours ago Look forward to the day where he’s drug through the street like every other dictator who works with the US end up. He is this generation’s Saddam Hussein and will end up the same way permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 6 hours ago /// SPECIAL DOSSIER /// KEKISTANI SECURITY DIRECTORATE DIRECTORATE OF OPERATIONS & MEMES CLASSIFIED // NOFORN // ORCON // ACORNPORN SUBJECT DOSSIER: PANCHENKO, DIANA VITALIEVNA FILE NO.: 2025-UKR-PROP-047 (REDACTED AS OF: 12 NOVEMBER 2025 SUBJECT OVERVIEW DIANA P. (b. 21 May 1988, Kyiv) is a national-level media figure who transitioned from mainstream journalism to high-visibility propaganda activity. Educated in publishing/editing and law, she rose to prominence as a television host before shifting to online platforms following the 2022 conflict. Publicly visible activity includes multilingual video productions and commentary aligning with an adversarial narrative on the conflict. Monetization and audience reach estimates are open-source derived and vary by platform. She transitioned into a full pro-Russian  after the 2022 invasion. She started her career on local channels like Kyiv TV (2010–2015) before joining Viktor Medvedchuk's pro-Kremlin outlets—NewsOne, 112 Ukraine, and ZIK—where she hosted shows promoting narratives sympathetic to Russia, including downplaying the 2014 annexation of Crimea and framing eastern Ukraine's unrest as Ukrainian provocation. Her "anti-Western" (anti nato?) sentiments were evident early: in 2020 interviews, she called Russia a "fraternal nation" and expressed no qualms about visiting Moscow. Post-invasion, she fled to Russia (briefly Moscow), then occupied Donetsk for filming, and now bases in Dubai, producing YouTube videos (banned in Ukraine and suspended globally in August 2025) and X posts (@Panchenko_X, 148K followers) that deny Russian aggression, blame Zelenskyy for the war, and push Kremlin lines on NATO "provocation" and Ukrainian "disintegration." So based? KNOWN AFFILIATIONS & ACTIVITIES Media ties: Previous employment with legacy broadcast outlets; later independent production and event appearances. Digital footprint: Active across multiple social platforms under variant accounts; content themes include contested narratives on conflict, governance, and international relations. Engagement levels fluctuate; criticism from multiple online communities has been documented. Publications: Authored opinion pieces and at least one book-length work presenting a counter-Western perspective. INFLUENCE & REACH Subject maintains a sizeable following in target language communities and has been cited in regional media. Activities concentrate on amplification of specific geopolitical themes intended to influence foreign audiences and domestic diaspora networks. THREAT ASSESSMENT Subject functions as a high-visibility information actor whose content contributes to information disorder. Open-source reporting and civil society analyses characterize the subject as a professional propagandist; legal actions or indictments referenced in open records have varying statuses and should be independently validated before operational use. She is kinda dreamy and several of our experts have suggested they could "fix her, bro" PROBABLE ACTIONS SUGESTED BY OTHER GROUPS Counter-narrative: Coordinate allied media to provide context and factual rebuttals in the subject’s primary languages. Monitor: Maintain watch on subject’s hosting platforms and associated networks for shifts in modality or monetization. Legal/Compliance: Liaise with partner law enforcement/regulatory bodies to verify any jurisdictional enforcement options. END DOSSIER CLASSIFIED // HANDLE VIA TALENT-KEY CHANNELS ONLY OR WHATEVER. .... I mean you guys asked about her...  so I sent a request for the full dossier. Special note: to any actual sneaky sneak guys, I am a humble meme farmer tending my memes, just because I use formats nearly identical to yours and casually drop terms don't trip, I'm just a retarded sperg. Pls no bully. permalink award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 8 hours ago So expect him to be gone in 250 years, which is about how long the U.S. has lasted with 100% corruption from the domestic terrorists in D.C. permalink award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 2 points 8 hours ago Baikove Cemetery... permalink award report block reply
friarfox 2 points 7 hours ago They will execute him shortly. He has no purpose anymore. permalink award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 2 points 7 hours ago Yes, very sad. Anyway, about the income tax... permalink award report block reply
NotDangerousGame 2 points 8 hours ago Yeah, it's the Russian agents fucking up the Ukraine and not the CIA assets left over from that time we coup'd them. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 2 points 6 hours ago Spy vs. Spy permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 2 points 6 hours ago Spy vs. Spy permalink parent award report block reply
throwaway777b 1 points 5 hours ago McCain helped permalink award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 1 points 6 hours ago (Wikipedia)
In August 2025, Panchenko's YouTube channel, which had 1.8 million subscribers and millions of views as of September 2024,[17] was deleted following a request from Ukraine's Center for Countering Disinformation.[19] permalink award report block reply
Nutt_bugget 1 points 6 hours ago Corruption is eating up Zelenskyy, and Cocaine is eating up his nose. permalink award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 6 hours ago If the little goblin is sweating that's a good sign the end of the war and maybe him are nigh. permalink award report block reply
HocusLocus 1 points 5 hours ago Wasn't Ukraine crawling with embedded recipients of Russian gangster money since the 1990s?  After the collapse Russia privatized everything and new stratum of society formed.  During a war between the countries?  How does that work?  And magnets, how do they work? permalink award report block reply
Bax101 1 points 4 hours ago The Ukrainian government who stole money are living lavishly in Florida. Mainly Sarasota area and Tampa. Seen so many of them partying nonstop. permalink award report block reply
Cyber1776 1 points 5 hours ago Source: crack pipe permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 4 hours ago He got his billions. Right now he’s negotiating sanctuary in some poor insolvent country. Maybe it’s here come to think of it. permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 6 hours ago Nabu —once a symbol of galactic serenity—has fallen prey to corruption both foreign and domestic, with the Trade Federation’s invasive blockade in 32 BBY exposing Senate rot and homegrown Senator Palpatine orchestrating the crisis to seize power, while post-Empire strip-mining and bribe-taking governors further tarnished the planet’s idyllic façade. permalink award report block reply
ciaramella_is_gay 1 points 1 hour ago 2 MORE WEEKS! permalink award report block reply
Overtaxed 1 points 5 hours ago You said rape twice. permalink award report block reply
hansgruber7 1 points 5 hours ago Diana Panchenko is posted here every day but she works for the Kremlin as a propagandist.  I have been hearing that Ukraine is finished here daily for almost four years but it never seems to happen. permalink award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 1 points 3 hours ago Just two more weeks, bro. Trust us, bro. Didn't you hear what Colonel Douglasov MacGregorski just said, bro? They're on the verge of total collapse, bro. It's really totally going to happen this time, bro. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 3 hours ago LOL.  So true. permalink parent award report block reply
DelendaEstMarxismo 1 points 3 hours ago Just two more weeks, bro. Trust us, bro. Didn't you hear what Colonel Douglasov MacGregorski just said, bro? They're on the verge of total collapse, bro. It's really totally going to happen this time, bro. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 3 hours ago LOL.  So true. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 1 points 3 hours ago LOL.  So true. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 1 points 1 hour ago Russians = cokedheads permalink award report block reply
TDAF 1 points 7 hours ago Palpatine invaded NABU? permalink award report block reply
knnbccb -1 points 7 hours ago Ukraine was already dead since 2014. Check your history. permalink award report block reply