1128 It wasn't SNAP it wasn't ACA it was this posted 3 days ago by Now_On_to_Mars 29 comments award share download report block
29 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TheRedPilledArtist 77 points 3 days ago It was all for the phony SHAM elections we just had in New Jersey and New York. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 32 points 3 days ago Mamdani is almost as shammy as Zelenskyy permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 10 points 3 days ago Almost. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 7 points 3 days ago Both semites permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 5 points 2 days ago An communist indian muslim from Uganda is now mayor of NYC. "nEvEr fOrGeT" permalink parent award report block reply cherbui 1 points 2 days ago so i guess burning churches will be a thing for these Islamic and antichrist left Fks , cause they know they get a pass now permalink parent award report block reply WarCry 26 points 3 days ago I can't wait for that schmuck to be gone permalink award report block reply lostremote- 28 points 3 days ago They will just replace him with another permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 3 days ago The city is full of them. Dime a dozen. permalink parent award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 3 points 2 days ago AOC will be his replacement and will be 10 times as insane. permalink parent award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 2 days ago Younger and far more Socialist. Much worse. permalink parent award report block reply LabTech 14 points 3 days ago You say that, like someone even worse won't stab and scheme their way to take his spot from within the Party.  Half of the reason he did this was to avoid AOC trying to usurp him, despite the fact that she doesn't have a tenth his connections or capacity for deceit. Nah, the Democratic party's future is fucking bleak... like ending of "a Serbian Film" bleak.  What's there is barely keeping up appearances amongst a support base that's dwindling and increasingly fed up with being lied to, and what stands to replace them make AOC look like a Rhodes Scholar.  Oh, they'll have the same fixer/cleaner/media/Deep State network the old timers have access to, but a tool is only as good as the user. If the Democrats had someone they wanted to put forward that they believed in, they never would've put Biden in the big chair; his Presidency's proof that there's nobody in the mainline party that's competent.  Newsom and maybe a couple others might have the ambition, but they all come from states that were run into the ground by them, so they'd have a steep climb to get past that. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 5 points 3 days ago HAHAHAHA
They put Biden on us to drag their collective balls over your face.  They won that last set of elections and no one went to jail and the methods they used will continue as they did last week. They dont care to even try anymore.  They have the rig machine and will use it at will. Look at the election last presidential.  They shut off the rig machine and left her out to dry becauuse she got uppity.  Lets see what happens when they turn it back on. permalink parent award report block reply KnobGoblin 19 points 3 days ago Still we need to do something about the snap fraud permalink award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 3 points 2 days ago One thing they need to do immediately is put a cap on benefits for children. Welfare Queens who get a couple grand a month because they have 8 kids is a real problem. They get that much and then sell a bunch of the EBT money for cash and still have enough for these insanely stuffed carts everyone yells about. That shit needs to end. permalink parent award report block reply KnobGoblin 2 points 2 days ago I think you 1- end the “debit” card shit, and/or require ID to use it. 2- only whole food items allowed meat cheese bread milk fruits vegetables and eggs. 3 - unless on disability have an expiration date and a renewal period. Like 12 months of bennys’ every 10 years or whatever’s This would be my comprise position, my real view is that they should end it completely and shift the burden to churches, non profits and communities. Government should get out of “charity” for there is no real charity when you have to steal from me to provide it. permalink parent award report block reply Throwawayjan6 11 points 3 days ago It was the very real threat of nuking the fili. Ds need it to stick around until the midterms so they don’t get steamrolled. permalink award report block reply deleted 14 points 3 days ago tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Exactly so that we will be able to pass each of the 12 regular funding bills that will be trimmed first of all the fat. permalink parent award report block reply Region 5 points 3 days ago Which should convince them to actually get rid of it. The communist party needs to be utterly destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply conservativefrank 5 points 3 days ago The vast majority of people have been hammered every day with, and believe, the flight delays and people starving are Trump's fault. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 4 points 3 days ago Carnival Cruise Lines enters the chat complaining about how all of their EBT customers are not cruising around anymore like they used to. permalink award report block reply ConsrvspkgNJ 2 points 2 days ago Oh no, you guys almost had this. This would have been great to show the continued rampant hypocrisy from our government. Literally 5 miles up Route 1/9 is Teterboro Airport, a very unassuming name for one of the most important private airfields in the country. This little airstrip is the private jet FBO for the stars. Politicians, athletes, entertainers....they all have their private jets parked at Teterboro and Teterboro did not experience anything the unwashed masses did. permalink award report block reply MathletesFoot 2 points 2 days ago I pointed this out several days,ago permalink award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 3 days ago low energy permalink award report block reply PooperSnooperPrime 1 points 2 days ago That or Trump encouraging they end the filibuster, which the uniparty does not want at all. permalink award report block reply The_RedWolf 1 points 3 days ago There is a non-zero chance you're right. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey 1 points 2 days ago Big picture 😏👌🏻 permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 days ago I think our flight problems are backing up the world. I read articles yesterday that other countries are having extreme delays, and a few cancellations. permalink award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 77 points 3 days ago It was all for the phony SHAM elections we just had in New Jersey and New York. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 32 points 3 days ago Mamdani is almost as shammy as Zelenskyy permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 10 points 3 days ago Almost. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 7 points 3 days ago Both semites permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 5 points 2 days ago An communist indian muslim from Uganda is now mayor of NYC. "nEvEr fOrGeT" permalink parent award report block reply cherbui 1 points 2 days ago so i guess burning churches will be a thing for these Islamic and antichrist left Fks , cause they know they get a pass now permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 32 points 3 days ago Mamdani is almost as shammy as Zelenskyy permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 10 points 3 days ago Almost. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 7 points 3 days ago Both semites permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 5 points 2 days ago An communist indian muslim from Uganda is now mayor of NYC. "nEvEr fOrGeT" permalink parent award report block reply cherbui 1 points 2 days ago so i guess burning churches will be a thing for these Islamic and antichrist left Fks , cause they know they get a pass now permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 10 points 3 days ago Almost. permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 7 points 3 days ago Both semites permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 5 points 2 days ago An communist indian muslim from Uganda is now mayor of NYC. "nEvEr fOrGeT" permalink parent award report block reply cherbui 1 points 2 days ago so i guess burning churches will be a thing for these Islamic and antichrist left Fks , cause they know they get a pass now permalink parent award report block reply
cherbui 1 points 2 days ago so i guess burning churches will be a thing for these Islamic and antichrist left Fks , cause they know they get a pass now permalink parent award report block reply
WarCry 26 points 3 days ago I can't wait for that schmuck to be gone permalink award report block reply lostremote- 28 points 3 days ago They will just replace him with another permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 3 days ago The city is full of them. Dime a dozen. permalink parent award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 3 points 2 days ago AOC will be his replacement and will be 10 times as insane. permalink parent award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 2 days ago Younger and far more Socialist. Much worse. permalink parent award report block reply LabTech 14 points 3 days ago You say that, like someone even worse won't stab and scheme their way to take his spot from within the Party.  Half of the reason he did this was to avoid AOC trying to usurp him, despite the fact that she doesn't have a tenth his connections or capacity for deceit. Nah, the Democratic party's future is fucking bleak... like ending of "a Serbian Film" bleak.  What's there is barely keeping up appearances amongst a support base that's dwindling and increasingly fed up with being lied to, and what stands to replace them make AOC look like a Rhodes Scholar.  Oh, they'll have the same fixer/cleaner/media/Deep State network the old timers have access to, but a tool is only as good as the user. If the Democrats had someone they wanted to put forward that they believed in, they never would've put Biden in the big chair; his Presidency's proof that there's nobody in the mainline party that's competent.  Newsom and maybe a couple others might have the ambition, but they all come from states that were run into the ground by them, so they'd have a steep climb to get past that. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 5 points 3 days ago HAHAHAHA
They put Biden on us to drag their collective balls over your face.  They won that last set of elections and no one went to jail and the methods they used will continue as they did last week. They dont care to even try anymore.  They have the rig machine and will use it at will. Look at the election last presidential.  They shut off the rig machine and left her out to dry becauuse she got uppity.  Lets see what happens when they turn it back on. permalink parent award report block reply
lostremote- 28 points 3 days ago They will just replace him with another permalink parent award report block reply Prussian_Pepe 4 points 3 days ago The city is full of them. Dime a dozen. permalink parent award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 3 points 2 days ago AOC will be his replacement and will be 10 times as insane. permalink parent award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 2 days ago Younger and far more Socialist. Much worse. permalink parent award report block reply
Prussian_Pepe 4 points 3 days ago The city is full of them. Dime a dozen. permalink parent award report block reply
DelendaEstMarxismo 3 points 2 days ago AOC will be his replacement and will be 10 times as insane. permalink parent award report block reply
MondayCoupleIsDead 1 points 2 days ago Younger and far more Socialist. Much worse. permalink parent award report block reply
LabTech 14 points 3 days ago You say that, like someone even worse won't stab and scheme their way to take his spot from within the Party.  Half of the reason he did this was to avoid AOC trying to usurp him, despite the fact that she doesn't have a tenth his connections or capacity for deceit. Nah, the Democratic party's future is fucking bleak... like ending of "a Serbian Film" bleak.  What's there is barely keeping up appearances amongst a support base that's dwindling and increasingly fed up with being lied to, and what stands to replace them make AOC look like a Rhodes Scholar.  Oh, they'll have the same fixer/cleaner/media/Deep State network the old timers have access to, but a tool is only as good as the user. If the Democrats had someone they wanted to put forward that they believed in, they never would've put Biden in the big chair; his Presidency's proof that there's nobody in the mainline party that's competent.  Newsom and maybe a couple others might have the ambition, but they all come from states that were run into the ground by them, so they'd have a steep climb to get past that. permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 5 points 3 days ago HAHAHAHA
They put Biden on us to drag their collective balls over your face.  They won that last set of elections and no one went to jail and the methods they used will continue as they did last week. They dont care to even try anymore.  They have the rig machine and will use it at will. Look at the election last presidential.  They shut off the rig machine and left her out to dry becauuse she got uppity.  Lets see what happens when they turn it back on. permalink parent award report block reply
yukondave 5 points 3 days ago HAHAHAHA
They put Biden on us to drag their collective balls over your face.  They won that last set of elections and no one went to jail and the methods they used will continue as they did last week. They dont care to even try anymore.  They have the rig machine and will use it at will. Look at the election last presidential.  They shut off the rig machine and left her out to dry becauuse she got uppity.  Lets see what happens when they turn it back on. permalink parent award report block reply
KnobGoblin 19 points 3 days ago Still we need to do something about the snap fraud permalink award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 3 points 2 days ago One thing they need to do immediately is put a cap on benefits for children. Welfare Queens who get a couple grand a month because they have 8 kids is a real problem. They get that much and then sell a bunch of the EBT money for cash and still have enough for these insanely stuffed carts everyone yells about. That shit needs to end. permalink parent award report block reply KnobGoblin 2 points 2 days ago I think you 1- end the “debit” card shit, and/or require ID to use it. 2- only whole food items allowed meat cheese bread milk fruits vegetables and eggs. 3 - unless on disability have an expiration date and a renewal period. Like 12 months of bennys’ every 10 years or whatever’s This would be my comprise position, my real view is that they should end it completely and shift the burden to churches, non profits and communities. Government should get out of “charity” for there is no real charity when you have to steal from me to provide it. permalink parent award report block reply
MondayCoupleIsDead 3 points 2 days ago One thing they need to do immediately is put a cap on benefits for children. Welfare Queens who get a couple grand a month because they have 8 kids is a real problem. They get that much and then sell a bunch of the EBT money for cash and still have enough for these insanely stuffed carts everyone yells about. That shit needs to end. permalink parent award report block reply KnobGoblin 2 points 2 days ago I think you 1- end the “debit” card shit, and/or require ID to use it. 2- only whole food items allowed meat cheese bread milk fruits vegetables and eggs. 3 - unless on disability have an expiration date and a renewal period. Like 12 months of bennys’ every 10 years or whatever’s This would be my comprise position, my real view is that they should end it completely and shift the burden to churches, non profits and communities. Government should get out of “charity” for there is no real charity when you have to steal from me to provide it. permalink parent award report block reply
KnobGoblin 2 points 2 days ago I think you 1- end the “debit” card shit, and/or require ID to use it. 2- only whole food items allowed meat cheese bread milk fruits vegetables and eggs. 3 - unless on disability have an expiration date and a renewal period. Like 12 months of bennys’ every 10 years or whatever’s This would be my comprise position, my real view is that they should end it completely and shift the burden to churches, non profits and communities. Government should get out of “charity” for there is no real charity when you have to steal from me to provide it. permalink parent award report block reply
Throwawayjan6 11 points 3 days ago It was the very real threat of nuking the fili. Ds need it to stick around until the midterms so they don’t get steamrolled. permalink award report block reply deleted 14 points 3 days ago tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Exactly so that we will be able to pass each of the 12 regular funding bills that will be trimmed first of all the fat. permalink parent award report block reply Region 5 points 3 days ago Which should convince them to actually get rid of it. The communist party needs to be utterly destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 14 points 3 days ago tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Exactly so that we will be able to pass each of the 12 regular funding bills that will be trimmed first of all the fat. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 1 points 2 days ago Exactly so that we will be able to pass each of the 12 regular funding bills that will be trimmed first of all the fat. permalink parent award report block reply
Region 5 points 3 days ago Which should convince them to actually get rid of it. The communist party needs to be utterly destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply
conservativefrank 5 points 3 days ago The vast majority of people have been hammered every day with, and believe, the flight delays and people starving are Trump's fault. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 4 points 3 days ago Carnival Cruise Lines enters the chat complaining about how all of their EBT customers are not cruising around anymore like they used to. permalink award report block reply
ConsrvspkgNJ 2 points 2 days ago Oh no, you guys almost had this. This would have been great to show the continued rampant hypocrisy from our government. Literally 5 miles up Route 1/9 is Teterboro Airport, a very unassuming name for one of the most important private airfields in the country. This little airstrip is the private jet FBO for the stars. Politicians, athletes, entertainers....they all have their private jets parked at Teterboro and Teterboro did not experience anything the unwashed masses did. permalink award report block reply
MathletesFoot 2 points 2 days ago I pointed this out several days,ago permalink award report block reply
HelluvaEngineer 2 points 3 days ago low energy permalink award report block reply
PooperSnooperPrime 1 points 2 days ago That or Trump encouraging they end the filibuster, which the uniparty does not want at all. permalink award report block reply
The_RedWolf 1 points 3 days ago There is a non-zero chance you're right. permalink award report block reply
SuperHonkey 1 points 2 days ago Big picture 😏👌🏻 permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 2 days ago I think our flight problems are backing up the world. I read articles yesterday that other countries are having extreme delays, and a few cancellations. permalink award report block reply