321 Joe Rogan: Bernie Sanders making a post about how Donald Trump is trying to silence independent media was the wildest fucking gaslighting I've ever seen from a politician. posted 24 hours ago by Mr_Rightside 5 comments award share report block Joe Rogan Podcast News @joeroganhq • 4d Joe Rogan and Brett Weinstein call out politicians gaslighting the people: "Bernie Sanders making a post about how Donald Trump is trying to silence independent media was the wildest f*cking gaslighting I've ever seen from a politician."
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style Cville123 6 points 24 hours ago And Joe wanted to stay non political but it was unavoidable permalink award report block reply thelastlast 5 points 22 hours ago no one can avoid it anymore.  no more going into the woods or moving to a quiet suburb.  they will RUIN that too.  the fight is on, for the whole fucking thing. permalink parent award report block reply thelastlast 5 points 22 hours ago "it's a very very strange historical moment"  well thats putting it mildly permalink award report block reply hazelknut 3 points 16 hours ago then Joe hasn't been around the block very often, they gaslight as easy as breathing. permalink award report block reply 27Sandino 0 points 22 hours ago These two fuckwads supported andrew yang fuck off permalink award report block reply
Cville123 6 points 24 hours ago And Joe wanted to stay non political but it was unavoidable permalink award report block reply thelastlast 5 points 22 hours ago no one can avoid it anymore.  no more going into the woods or moving to a quiet suburb.  they will RUIN that too.  the fight is on, for the whole fucking thing. permalink parent award report block reply
thelastlast 5 points 22 hours ago no one can avoid it anymore.  no more going into the woods or moving to a quiet suburb.  they will RUIN that too.  the fight is on, for the whole fucking thing. permalink parent award report block reply
thelastlast 5 points 22 hours ago "it's a very very strange historical moment"  well thats putting it mildly permalink award report block reply
hazelknut 3 points 16 hours ago then Joe hasn't been around the block very often, they gaslight as easy as breathing. permalink award report block reply
27Sandino 0 points 22 hours ago These two fuckwads supported andrew yang fuck off permalink award report block reply