200 The US Mint will officially STOP minting pennies. Today, the LAST Penny will be minted! posted 1 hour ago by Addos 41 comments award share report block The Patriot Oasis™ @ThePatriotOasis • 5h 🚨BREAKING: IT'S OFFICIAL: The US Mint will officially STOP minting pennies. Today, the LAST Penny will be minted! One Penny Costs the U.S Taxpayer $0.37 cents to Mint. U.S. Mint lost $85,300,000,000 BILLION minting pennies in FY2024 alone.
41 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save The Real Story Behind His Exit No One Saw Coming Read More Ads by Ad.Style perma-maga 26 points 1 hour ago devaluation of our money End The Fed permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 9 points 1 hour ago Trump should take steps to make pennies cheaper. This is not the way. This is what the devil WANTS. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 5 points 55 minutes ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 hour ago fuck it. Lets give out $2k checks instead🤡👍 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 20 points 1 hour ago This is step 1 in the multi-step plan to wean us off "oUtDAtEd" physical currency, and normalize a "nEw aNd iMpRovEd" cashless society utopia 666 CBDC/Digital ID(DID) AI spy techno-slavery grid system. Brave New World. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 4 points 1 hour ago Yes, the globalists want to be able to control our money as a means to control us.  No, ending the production of the penny is not a step in that direction.  The coin has become economically impractical to continue producing because the cost per unit is nearly 4x the face value of the coin.  It’s darned near the point where picking up a penny off the ground is a way to lose money because the time to do so is more valuable. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 2 points 23 minutes ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 16 minutes ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 10 points 1 hour ago There had better be a 1775-2025 USMC 250th Penny. If not, it’s a disgraceful shame. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 1 hour ago They really only make commemorative dollars and quarters. Edit: I guess that's not totally true, they had the Lewis and Clark nickels and the Life of Lincoln pennies, but still that seems like something much more likely to be on a bigger coin. permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 10 points 1 hour ago The cost to make a penny is 3.7¢ each, not $0.37 each. permalink award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 5 points 1 hour ago But the X post says BREAKING! and OFFICIAL!  Don't question the obviously retarded math. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago that makes it sooooo much better permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 2 points 1 hour ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 7 points 1 hour ago Only a 37:1 loss ratio? Must be the most efficient department of the government. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 2 points 31 minutes ago It's not, the OP on X is a fucking retard.  It's roughly $0.037 to produce, not $0.37.  So, 3.7:1.  Your point still stands. permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 5 points 1 hour ago The half-penny was no longer needed thus discontinued. permalink award report block reply ThorsonTT 4 points 1 hour ago We don't mint pennies in the USA.  US currency is in dollars and cents.  Pennies are English. Yeah, I'm being that person. permalink award report block reply tt777 3 points 1 hour ago Won't a penny last and be used for decades? That's quite a return of investment on the minting. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 52 minutes ago The cost to make a coin vs it's face value has never really been a logical metric to make a decision on. permalink parent award report block reply Goatboy66 2 points 1 hour ago Just make the Penny worth 3.7 Cents permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 1 hour ago You should get a job at the Fed. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 59 minutes ago Banks nearby either not allowing rolls to be purchased or limiting them to 2-3. Really gonna piss me off when they start rounding card purchases....and YOU KNOW that shit's gonna happen everywhere. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 1 points 54 minutes ago Why would they round card purchases?  Cents can still be used electronically. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 48 minutes ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSam 2 points 1 hour ago Completely un-American. The liberals wanted this in the early 2010s and would not shut up about it. Why do we always give in? permalink award report block reply ohwell316 2 points 1 hour ago We need a 99 cent coin permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 45 minutes ago I got 99 cents but a penny ain’t one. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 2 points 1 hour ago NEW CURRENCY IS COMING. permalink award report block reply Marat1792 1 points 41 minutes ago Now lets think about this kids. Do you think retailers will round their prices up or down to compensate? permalink award report block reply CovfefeKaren 1 points 59 minutes ago They're working their way up to taking our paper money.  I sell eggs for $5/doz and doing pretty good for my hobby that more than pays for itself and gives me and my family all the eggs we can eat.  Big gov. wants me to pay taxes on it, guaranteed.  Most of the people I sell eggs to are Hispanic who still deal in cash.  White people mostly want to pay me with cash app or venmo.  So yea, they're trying to make it harder to have a side job, that's the bottom line. What's next?  $1 and $2 coins?  "loonies and toonies" they call them in Canada.  This isn't Canada. This is America. permalink award report block reply someguy7738 1 points 14 minutes ago Awesome! I LOVE CBDCs! Let's stop with the pretense once and for all and just admit money isn't real and the whole system exists solely to fuck us! permalink award report block reply nje1540 1 points 52 seconds ago What will become of the many penny stamping machines at national parks, Disney, etc? Will somebody think of the children and their cheap souvenirs? permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 1 hour ago Stickied for the second time this morning. New Mods, watch what you are doing, thanks. permalink award report block reply OffendingSomeone 1 points 35 minutes ago This is so stupid and shortsighted. It might cost ~4 times the cost to produce a penny (~3.69 cents), but a nickel costs ~13.78 cents to produce. Four pennies cost ~14.76, so a nickel is technically cheaper. Now, stores are going to start rounding up or down, likely increasing the need for more nickels. Watch them come for nickels next, since a dime only costs ~5.8 cents to produce. permalink award report block reply CommonSenseAmerican 1 points 33 minutes ago Copper pennies just became more collectable. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 32 minutes ago So, they lost $85.3 Billion, not $85,300,000,000 Billion.  This means that we minted roughly 230 Billion Pennies at $0.37 to mint per penny. Obviously wrong. @ThePatriotOasis is fucking retarded and can't do math or fact check prior to posting nonsense.  In the actual news release it said that pennies cost roughly $0.037 to produce. Which means   it cost roughly $136.9 Million to produce them and we lost roughly $100 Million producing them (note the 85.3 v 100MM is likely due to them rounding $0.037 price to produce). permalink award report block reply Roadcruiser2 -3 points 1 hour ago Nickels, and dimes need to be ditched next. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 hour ago Yeah, lets kill more of our currency and take a mark on our right hand or forehead. Let's seperate ourselves from eternal life with God, for a temporary "better" life here and an eternal death and seperation from God. permalink parent award report block reply
perma-maga 26 points 1 hour ago devaluation of our money End The Fed permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 9 points 1 hour ago Trump should take steps to make pennies cheaper. This is not the way. This is what the devil WANTS. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 5 points 55 minutes ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 1 hour ago fuck it. Lets give out $2k checks instead🤡👍 permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 9 points 1 hour ago Trump should take steps to make pennies cheaper. This is not the way. This is what the devil WANTS. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 5 points 55 minutes ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 5 points 55 minutes ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 1 hour ago fuck it. Lets give out $2k checks instead🤡👍 permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 20 points 1 hour ago This is step 1 in the multi-step plan to wean us off "oUtDAtEd" physical currency, and normalize a "nEw aNd iMpRovEd" cashless society utopia 666 CBDC/Digital ID(DID) AI spy techno-slavery grid system. Brave New World. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 4 points 1 hour ago Yes, the globalists want to be able to control our money as a means to control us.  No, ending the production of the penny is not a step in that direction.  The coin has become economically impractical to continue producing because the cost per unit is nearly 4x the face value of the coin.  It’s darned near the point where picking up a penny off the ground is a way to lose money because the time to do so is more valuable. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 2 points 23 minutes ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 16 minutes ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 4 points 1 hour ago Yes, the globalists want to be able to control our money as a means to control us.  No, ending the production of the penny is not a step in that direction.  The coin has become economically impractical to continue producing because the cost per unit is nearly 4x the face value of the coin.  It’s darned near the point where picking up a penny off the ground is a way to lose money because the time to do so is more valuable. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 2 points 23 minutes ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 16 minutes ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
DefenderDad 2 points 23 minutes ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 16 minutes ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 1 points 16 minutes ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 10 points 1 hour ago There had better be a 1775-2025 USMC 250th Penny. If not, it’s a disgraceful shame. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 1 hour ago They really only make commemorative dollars and quarters. Edit: I guess that's not totally true, they had the Lewis and Clark nickels and the Life of Lincoln pennies, but still that seems like something much more likely to be on a bigger coin. permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 2 points 1 hour ago They really only make commemorative dollars and quarters. Edit: I guess that's not totally true, they had the Lewis and Clark nickels and the Life of Lincoln pennies, but still that seems like something much more likely to be on a bigger coin. permalink parent award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 10 points 1 hour ago The cost to make a penny is 3.7¢ each, not $0.37 each. permalink award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 5 points 1 hour ago But the X post says BREAKING! and OFFICIAL!  Don't question the obviously retarded math. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago that makes it sooooo much better permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 2 points 1 hour ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 5 points 1 hour ago But the X post says BREAKING! and OFFICIAL!  Don't question the obviously retarded math. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 2 points 1 hour ago that makes it sooooo much better permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 2 points 1 hour ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 2 points 1 hour ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 7 points 1 hour ago Only a 37:1 loss ratio? Must be the most efficient department of the government. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 2 points 31 minutes ago It's not, the OP on X is a fucking retard.  It's roughly $0.037 to produce, not $0.37.  So, 3.7:1.  Your point still stands. permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 2 points 31 minutes ago It's not, the OP on X is a fucking retard.  It's roughly $0.037 to produce, not $0.37.  So, 3.7:1.  Your point still stands. permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 5 points 1 hour ago The half-penny was no longer needed thus discontinued. permalink award report block reply
ThorsonTT 4 points 1 hour ago We don't mint pennies in the USA.  US currency is in dollars and cents.  Pennies are English. Yeah, I'm being that person. permalink award report block reply
tt777 3 points 1 hour ago Won't a penny last and be used for decades? That's quite a return of investment on the minting. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 52 minutes ago The cost to make a coin vs it's face value has never really been a logical metric to make a decision on. permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 2 points 52 minutes ago The cost to make a coin vs it's face value has never really been a logical metric to make a decision on. permalink parent award report block reply
Goatboy66 2 points 1 hour ago Just make the Penny worth 3.7 Cents permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 1 hour ago You should get a job at the Fed. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 3 points 1 hour ago You should get a job at the Fed. permalink parent award report block reply
1inchgroup 2 points 59 minutes ago Banks nearby either not allowing rolls to be purchased or limiting them to 2-3. Really gonna piss me off when they start rounding card purchases....and YOU KNOW that shit's gonna happen everywhere. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 1 points 54 minutes ago Why would they round card purchases?  Cents can still be used electronically. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 48 minutes ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 1 points 54 minutes ago Why would they round card purchases?  Cents can still be used electronically. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 48 minutes ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply
1inchgroup 2 points 48 minutes ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam 2 points 1 hour ago Completely un-American. The liberals wanted this in the early 2010s and would not shut up about it. Why do we always give in? permalink award report block reply
ohwell316 2 points 1 hour ago We need a 99 cent coin permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 45 minutes ago I got 99 cents but a penny ain’t one. permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 2 points 45 minutes ago I got 99 cents but a penny ain’t one. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 2 points 1 hour ago NEW CURRENCY IS COMING. permalink award report block reply
Marat1792 1 points 41 minutes ago Now lets think about this kids. Do you think retailers will round their prices up or down to compensate? permalink award report block reply
CovfefeKaren 1 points 59 minutes ago They're working their way up to taking our paper money.  I sell eggs for $5/doz and doing pretty good for my hobby that more than pays for itself and gives me and my family all the eggs we can eat.  Big gov. wants me to pay taxes on it, guaranteed.  Most of the people I sell eggs to are Hispanic who still deal in cash.  White people mostly want to pay me with cash app or venmo.  So yea, they're trying to make it harder to have a side job, that's the bottom line. What's next?  $1 and $2 coins?  "loonies and toonies" they call them in Canada.  This isn't Canada. This is America. permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 1 points 14 minutes ago Awesome! I LOVE CBDCs! Let's stop with the pretense once and for all and just admit money isn't real and the whole system exists solely to fuck us! permalink award report block reply
nje1540 1 points 52 seconds ago What will become of the many penny stamping machines at national parks, Disney, etc? Will somebody think of the children and their cheap souvenirs? permalink award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 1 hour ago Stickied for the second time this morning. New Mods, watch what you are doing, thanks. permalink award report block reply
OffendingSomeone 1 points 35 minutes ago This is so stupid and shortsighted. It might cost ~4 times the cost to produce a penny (~3.69 cents), but a nickel costs ~13.78 cents to produce. Four pennies cost ~14.76, so a nickel is technically cheaper. Now, stores are going to start rounding up or down, likely increasing the need for more nickels. Watch them come for nickels next, since a dime only costs ~5.8 cents to produce. permalink award report block reply
CommonSenseAmerican 1 points 33 minutes ago Copper pennies just became more collectable. permalink award report block reply
Watermelons 1 points 32 minutes ago So, they lost $85.3 Billion, not $85,300,000,000 Billion.  This means that we minted roughly 230 Billion Pennies at $0.37 to mint per penny. Obviously wrong. @ThePatriotOasis is fucking retarded and can't do math or fact check prior to posting nonsense.  In the actual news release it said that pennies cost roughly $0.037 to produce. Which means   it cost roughly $136.9 Million to produce them and we lost roughly $100 Million producing them (note the 85.3 v 100MM is likely due to them rounding $0.037 price to produce). permalink award report block reply
Roadcruiser2 -3 points 1 hour ago Nickels, and dimes need to be ditched next. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 hour ago Yeah, lets kill more of our currency and take a mark on our right hand or forehead. Let's seperate ourselves from eternal life with God, for a temporary "better" life here and an eternal death and seperation from God. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 1 hour ago Yeah, lets kill more of our currency and take a mark on our right hand or forehead. Let's seperate ourselves from eternal life with God, for a temporary "better" life here and an eternal death and seperation from God. permalink parent award report block reply