158 Stephen Miller on Democrats: “It is a communist party. An AMERICA LAST party. The party that puts illegals over citizens. Criminals over cops. CHEATERS over hard working taxpayers at every level.” posted 12 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 3 comments award share report block Nick Sortor @nicksortor • 12h 🚨 JUST IN: Stephen Miller WENT OFF on the Democrats for costing our economy BILLIONS with their useless shutdown “It is a communist party. An AMERICA LAST party. The party that puts illegals over citizens. Criminals over cops. CHEATERS over hard working taxpayers at every
3 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save drmrboy 3 points 12 hours ago Didn't Jews start Communism?  🤔 permalink award report block reply OldZilla 2 points 11 hours ago I love Miller. If he would only stand with his hands in front of himself with his fingers tip to tip and ask Smithers to release the hounds when he speaks about the commies. permalink award report block reply DeadOverRed 1 points 11 hours ago So we're going to reopen the government and put them back in charge? Awesome. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 11 hours ago YEA!  They are the party that will flood the US with "legal" immigrants!  They will refuse to deport illegals!  They will allow a 2 tiered justice system!  They will offer 50 year mortgages!  They will say Americans are too "stupid and lazy" to work!......Oh, wait... permalink award report block reply
drmrboy 3 points 12 hours ago Didn't Jews start Communism?  🤔 permalink award report block reply
OldZilla 2 points 11 hours ago I love Miller. If he would only stand with his hands in front of himself with his fingers tip to tip and ask Smithers to release the hounds when he speaks about the commies. permalink award report block reply
DeadOverRed 1 points 11 hours ago So we're going to reopen the government and put them back in charge? Awesome. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 11 hours ago YEA!  They are the party that will flood the US with "legal" immigrants!  They will refuse to deport illegals!  They will allow a 2 tiered justice system!  They will offer 50 year mortgages!  They will say Americans are too "stupid and lazy" to work!......Oh, wait... permalink award report block reply