156 DISQUALIFIED! — Congressman Eric Swalwell Names Washington DC Home as ‘Principal Residence’ and Has No California Address (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 9 hours ago by Trick 6 comments award share report block DISQUALIFIED! — Congressman Eric Swalwell Names Washington DC Home as ‘Principal Residence’ and Has No California Address | The ... Guest post by Joel Gilbert California Representative Eric Swalwell has faced a barrage of controversy in recent years, from his alleged ties to the Chinese spy “Fang Fang,” to his removal from the House Intelligence Committee over national securi... www.thegatewaypundit.com
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Justjayce 6 points 8 hours ago Go do nothing Bondi!!! That's what you do best permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 7 hours ago This is also one of the FBI's main jobs, investigate political crimes. permalink parent award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 3 points 8 hours ago Even the government is homeless in California! permalink award report block reply barefootozark 1 points 7 hours ago Congress made laws so that they can buy homes in DC area as primary residence and the mortgage is a business expense for travelling away from their tax home in their home states.  I know this because it was the same law that allowed the "boomer deduction" for submariners on ballistic missile submarines. Search "submarine boomer deduction" Swalwell is slime, but it is likely legal to own a home as primary residence in DC and write off the expense as job related. permalink award report block reply HeatherSwanson 1 points 7 hours ago You missed the part where Swallowwell had no known residence in California let alone his district. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 0 points 6 hours ago What, by not paying rent or mortgage in CA, and not getting his mail there? I'm pretty sure Submariners that owned homes didn't also own property in their tax home (the submarine) or pay rent in their tax home (again, the submarine) and their mail didn't go there (the submarine) either.  But somehow their home was their primary residence and they got mortgages as such because congress had laws that favored that arrangement. Lots of people have residence in a state without owning a home or renting property.  They live with someone rent free, like students  living with their parents. permalink parent award report block reply
Justjayce 6 points 8 hours ago Go do nothing Bondi!!! That's what you do best permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 7 hours ago This is also one of the FBI's main jobs, investigate political crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 2 points 7 hours ago This is also one of the FBI's main jobs, investigate political crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 3 points 8 hours ago Even the government is homeless in California! permalink award report block reply
barefootozark 1 points 7 hours ago Congress made laws so that they can buy homes in DC area as primary residence and the mortgage is a business expense for travelling away from their tax home in their home states.  I know this because it was the same law that allowed the "boomer deduction" for submariners on ballistic missile submarines. Search "submarine boomer deduction" Swalwell is slime, but it is likely legal to own a home as primary residence in DC and write off the expense as job related. permalink award report block reply HeatherSwanson 1 points 7 hours ago You missed the part where Swallowwell had no known residence in California let alone his district. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 0 points 6 hours ago What, by not paying rent or mortgage in CA, and not getting his mail there? I'm pretty sure Submariners that owned homes didn't also own property in their tax home (the submarine) or pay rent in their tax home (again, the submarine) and their mail didn't go there (the submarine) either.  But somehow their home was their primary residence and they got mortgages as such because congress had laws that favored that arrangement. Lots of people have residence in a state without owning a home or renting property.  They live with someone rent free, like students  living with their parents. permalink parent award report block reply
HeatherSwanson 1 points 7 hours ago You missed the part where Swallowwell had no known residence in California let alone his district. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 0 points 6 hours ago What, by not paying rent or mortgage in CA, and not getting his mail there? I'm pretty sure Submariners that owned homes didn't also own property in their tax home (the submarine) or pay rent in their tax home (again, the submarine) and their mail didn't go there (the submarine) either.  But somehow their home was their primary residence and they got mortgages as such because congress had laws that favored that arrangement. Lots of people have residence in a state without owning a home or renting property.  They live with someone rent free, like students  living with their parents. permalink parent award report block reply
barefootozark 0 points 6 hours ago What, by not paying rent or mortgage in CA, and not getting his mail there? I'm pretty sure Submariners that owned homes didn't also own property in their tax home (the submarine) or pay rent in their tax home (again, the submarine) and their mail didn't go there (the submarine) either.  But somehow their home was their primary residence and they got mortgages as such because congress had laws that favored that arrangement. Lots of people have residence in a state without owning a home or renting property.  They live with someone rent free, like students  living with their parents. permalink parent award report block reply