163 Anti-Trumpers on this site trying to divide posted 12 hours ago by Grindelwald 65 comments award share report block Looks like we’re being bombarded with pretend Maga hating on Trump.
65 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno jonnyuno 42 points 11 hours ago We love Trump and we're MAGA.   So when Trump is not MAGA, we hold him accountable.  That's called family.   I've voiced my concerns to the President a lot.  It's healthy.  And I still love him.  He's the best ever but risking losing a lot. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 14 points 10 hours ago Stick with Trump.  Trump responds to feedback; work on that.  Trump needs to add a fee to every H1B-visa hire per year so that companies pay more for the H1B-visa employee than an American in that position.  Trump, please make this happen.  Give federal money to cities that create single family home zoning with no corporate buying allowed. permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 1 points 9 hours ago Did you ever stop to think you might be influencing less thoughtful voters to abandon Trump altogether? permalink parent award report block reply Female 28 points 12 hours ago So Thankful for President Trump. we just want indictments not h1b invitements permalink award report block reply JiggsawCalrissian 8 points 10 hours ago ☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️ permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 15 points 11 hours ago I have no problem, criticizing policies and analyzing whether they are America first or not. But some are going beyond and criticizing the man suggesting we dump him for policies we may not agree with or maybe not fully understand. The man has so many balls up in the air and so many people trying to influence him, I don’t know how he handles it. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 -6 points 10 hours ago So there’s some of that 72d chess going on and I’m just a retard that doesn’t get it. Probably around the clock trials at Gitmo, tens of thousands of sealed indictments, the economy is secretly good and $200 for 4 bags of groceries is normal and $700 a month utilities. I’m just not smart enough to understand the complexity of his policies. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago Nah, you're just shitting your britches because people haven't abandoned MAGA. How many tendies a day do you get fedposting? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -5 points 10 hours ago Haven’t abandoned? They’re fleeing like cockroaches when the lights come on in your basement. We should be riding high for a decade if we just stuck to mass deportations, draining the swamp, America First in both jobs and the economy, ended a few conflicts, and became less involved with world policies and more concerned at home. We have watched decades of political crimes with no consequences. Americans want to feel represented and not ruled over. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago And there's the faggot admission. We've gotten more people on the site as MAGA has picked up steam. The "fleeing like cockroaches" narrative is a legacy media one. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 6 points 10 hours ago Politicians are meant to be loyal to us, we're never meant to be loyal to politicians. Especially when they're going against what they ran on. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald OP 3 points 10 hours ago Good thing we did not elect a politician as president. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 1 points 10 hours ago Yeah... that worked the first term, and he did good then. He's been a politician for 9 years now bud. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 0 points 9 hours ago So, you voted for Mamdani.  Good luck. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 2 points 7 hours ago says something stupid gets corrected yOu vOtEd fOr mAmDaNi You're the pretend MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... 13MMshooter 6 points 12 hours ago I just wish he'd do some shit that benefitted America. Oy vey. permalink award report block reply Moebius 6 points 11 hours ago They always were here... permalink award report block reply jangles 4 points 10 hours ago They smell like shit. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 9 hours ago You must not disagree with anything inside the echo chamber. You must remain a loyal cult member. Our great leader can do no wrong. Wtf are you going to do in 3 years when he's gone? I'm not here for Trump I'm here for America, America first, America only. permalink award report block reply Firespawn 2 points 7 hours ago I've been here several years, not as long as many, obviously, but when I first started, if you had said this back then, you'd be stormed with downvotes and possibly deported. I'm not insulting you either, just pointing out how this place has changed.
Nobody is perfect, including Trump. It's one thing when he is constructively criticized, it's totally different when he is being torn down. Again, not directed at you, just the overall view of a once GEOTUS supporting community, to a divided populace. He is definitely not standing on the pedestal we once built for him. permalink parent award report block reply Lurkmoore 3 points 8 hours ago Nope. People just recognize when Trump has taken a position that is not MAGA, and are speaking out about it, as they should. America cannot be great while our president insists on perpetuating the policies that have crippled us. Don't like it? Tell Trump, and tell his administration. Tell them what people are complaining about, and that he has given occassion for MAGA to become fractured. Because that is exactly the goal: for our dissident voices to get useless yes-men to speak up about mistakes and bad positions instead of pretending everything is magically going to work out so long as you say "yes, daddy" to whatever Trump says. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald OP 0 points 7 hours ago “People” permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 10 hours ago Pretty much. They are free to exit at any time. permalink award report block reply Herpawinski 1 points 9 hours ago Admittedly there is a fine line or grey area between shilling and chimp out. Chimping out works and what he said calls for a major chimp out. permalink award report block reply freebirdie 1 points 7 hours ago Lol I'm done playing battered wife. You can keep blaming yourself for the knife in your back. permalink award report block reply TGNX 1 points 10 hours ago First time? permalink award report block reply Grindelwald OP 2 points 10 hours ago I have deported so many over the past five years.  But it seems several coordinated attacks happening. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 3 points 7 hours ago Coordinated attacks ? These are coming from die hard supporters. What the fuck. Ignoring justifiable anger over policies does not help you. It makes you sound dumb. Explain better how his policies help. Don't dismiss the complaints as some bot farm or shadowy group. These are real people here and they are pissed. permalink parent award report block reply Username_here 1 points 6 hours ago Yep. And that is why Dems will easily win the mid terms. And most likely 2028 permalink award report block reply Senaleb 1 points 6 hours ago Ahh yes, the anti-Trumpers that have been posting on this site since its inception...give me a break. Trump is governing this country like a fucking retard the last 2 or 3 weeks. permalink award report block reply Advhawk 1 points 8 hours ago Trust in the Trump! permalink award report block reply Firespawn 1 points 7 hours ago The division over Israel is playing a role in it too. But then they're just showing that they're not America First, so definitely some faux MAGA out there. permalink award report block reply Marina -1 points 11 hours ago DeSantis vs JD Vance. It’s already begun. permalink award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD -1 points 12 hours ago Keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being algorithmically pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. Everyone should read this article. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." permalink award report block reply Hambonemcgee 8 points 12 hours ago If the problem is indeed real, then maybe we need to deal with the split in the base.  Some people will support Trump no matter what foolish policy he's pushing, others hold him accountable.  We are America First.  I'm about finished watching the miquetoast effort being made to accomplish campaign promises.  None of this is fixing America.  We can't follow the rules if we expect anything to change.   We are too far down the path of destruction to fix this shit within the parameters of what we are "allowed" to do. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 9 points 12 hours ago That's not what I'm saying. I'm 100% MAGA. 100% America First. But understand what's going on. This is an attempt to split MAGA into bite sized pieces so the Deep State can pick us off with ease. They've tried several times with Israel, bombing Iran, Epstein and now H1b. They need to fracture the base so they can neutralize Trump. You can spot the shills because they are trying to get people to drop Trump. Real MAGA says, "I disagree with Trump on H1b" or "We need to get Trump to see how important H1b is" not "Trump has betrayed us and now I'm going to sit in my corner and pout while smart benificent AIPAC takes the reins" permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 12 hours ago The alternative is to go back to being the tea party permalink parent award report block reply Hambonemcgee 4 points 12 hours ago If we could get leaders that are rock-solid, never-wavering, America Firsters, we would be golden.  The problem I see reoccurring is a diluting of the commitment once a leader is exposed to the swamp.  It's like a pathogen. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 11 hours ago There was some talk of moving much of government out of DC … that talk disappeared permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -1 points 10 hours ago Ted “my greatest joy is serving Israel@ Cruz could be our candidate. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 7 points 11 hours ago lindsey graham is "maga" according to trump. we need to support him and not fake patriots like massie. we need to lower interest rates and just spend borrowed money. we need the stock market number to go up at all cost. we need real estate number to go up and we do that by getting desperate americans to over pay with a 50 year loan that they will die and pass along the remaining 20 years on the mortgage to their children. the number is all that counts. bigger is better. maga permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 11 hours ago So, I've defended Massie many times and I've defended Tucker as well. GDP and the stock market are bullshit. Ok that's a little strong, but deaths of despair, full time jobs for Americans, household formation (marriage rate), birth rate and home ownership are the real indicators of societal success. permalink parent award report block reply Marina 4 points 11 hours ago I agree 100%. DeSantis Billonaire Team is starting early but President Trump is making it easy . HB1 visa angers normal people especially after the lie of a college education and massive student debt. I wonder What happened to 100,000 dollar per head on these scam visa. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 2 points 11 hours ago Thanks for the article.  Good read. (Though while reading it I kept getting McAfee popping up) permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 4 points 10 hours ago if you're on a phone, you should download the Brave browser. it has built-in adblock permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ -2 points 11 hours ago Every person on this site that isn’t a shill is more MAGA than Trump. He doesn’t have what it takes to change the track this country is on. We need less making excuses for him and more holding him accountable for his terrible 2nd term (which will effectively be over once midterms are stolen) permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 4 points 10 hours ago Stolen? It will be a bloodbath with no theft. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 3 points 10 hours ago Good point permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -7 points 12 hours ago Correct …. Someone posted a strange video about Hindu people yesterday.  It was posted for no reason but to try to show this site is for white people that hate non whites permalink award report block reply AngelMark2 9 points 11 hours ago I’m white and I hate everyone that is a liberal retard no matter what color and I’m starting to hate all non Americans especially brown n black low IQ street shitters cat eaters and goat fuckers using MY tax dollars to live for free! permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 10 hours ago I’m right there with you, you can’t even go into stores behind some of them without wanting to puke. Clearly got 5 wives in tow and some of them look extremely young, a dozen kids or more and everything being paid for by us. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 8 hours ago If you judge someone by the color of their skin or as non-American without knowing for a fact they are not American, you are by definition a racist and need to get out any conservative movement.  We don’t have to kneel down to all the racists that have infected the Donald.  You need to go.  Not the people that believe in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply AngelMark2 1 points 3 hours ago Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply Female 3 points 10 hours ago Show us a video about 'hindu' that is not strange .. hindu is not a race permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 10 hours ago It isnt a shock that all the bored homo StormFags show up here to basically attack Trump for not being racist enough, or to jack themselves off about how much they hate anyone not white because they suck at life and it has to be THEIR fault. The mods here seem to fail to understand this is a Trump supporter site, not a rant-o-thon about jews and anyone not as pale as an iceberg. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 7 hours ago Correct.  This site is infected by loner losers and antifa types that are racists or want to tactically paint conservatives as racists. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
jonnyuno 42 points 11 hours ago We love Trump and we're MAGA.   So when Trump is not MAGA, we hold him accountable.  That's called family.   I've voiced my concerns to the President a lot.  It's healthy.  And I still love him.  He's the best ever but risking losing a lot. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 14 points 10 hours ago Stick with Trump.  Trump responds to feedback; work on that.  Trump needs to add a fee to every H1B-visa hire per year so that companies pay more for the H1B-visa employee than an American in that position.  Trump, please make this happen.  Give federal money to cities that create single family home zoning with no corporate buying allowed. permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 1 points 9 hours ago Did you ever stop to think you might be influencing less thoughtful voters to abandon Trump altogether? permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 14 points 10 hours ago Stick with Trump.  Trump responds to feedback; work on that.  Trump needs to add a fee to every H1B-visa hire per year so that companies pay more for the H1B-visa employee than an American in that position.  Trump, please make this happen.  Give federal money to cities that create single family home zoning with no corporate buying allowed. permalink parent award report block reply
RINOssuck 1 points 9 hours ago Did you ever stop to think you might be influencing less thoughtful voters to abandon Trump altogether? permalink parent award report block reply
Female 28 points 12 hours ago So Thankful for President Trump. we just want indictments not h1b invitements permalink award report block reply JiggsawCalrissian 8 points 10 hours ago ☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️ permalink parent award report block reply
JiggsawCalrissian 8 points 10 hours ago ☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️ permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald OP 15 points 11 hours ago I have no problem, criticizing policies and analyzing whether they are America first or not. But some are going beyond and criticizing the man suggesting we dump him for policies we may not agree with or maybe not fully understand. The man has so many balls up in the air and so many people trying to influence him, I don’t know how he handles it. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 -6 points 10 hours ago So there’s some of that 72d chess going on and I’m just a retard that doesn’t get it. Probably around the clock trials at Gitmo, tens of thousands of sealed indictments, the economy is secretly good and $200 for 4 bags of groceries is normal and $700 a month utilities. I’m just not smart enough to understand the complexity of his policies. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago Nah, you're just shitting your britches because people haven't abandoned MAGA. How many tendies a day do you get fedposting? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -5 points 10 hours ago Haven’t abandoned? They’re fleeing like cockroaches when the lights come on in your basement. We should be riding high for a decade if we just stuck to mass deportations, draining the swamp, America First in both jobs and the economy, ended a few conflicts, and became less involved with world policies and more concerned at home. We have watched decades of political crimes with no consequences. Americans want to feel represented and not ruled over. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago And there's the faggot admission. We've gotten more people on the site as MAGA has picked up steam. The "fleeing like cockroaches" narrative is a legacy media one. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 -6 points 10 hours ago So there’s some of that 72d chess going on and I’m just a retard that doesn’t get it. Probably around the clock trials at Gitmo, tens of thousands of sealed indictments, the economy is secretly good and $200 for 4 bags of groceries is normal and $700 a month utilities. I’m just not smart enough to understand the complexity of his policies. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago Nah, you're just shitting your britches because people haven't abandoned MAGA. How many tendies a day do you get fedposting? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -5 points 10 hours ago Haven’t abandoned? They’re fleeing like cockroaches when the lights come on in your basement. We should be riding high for a decade if we just stuck to mass deportations, draining the swamp, America First in both jobs and the economy, ended a few conflicts, and became less involved with world policies and more concerned at home. We have watched decades of political crimes with no consequences. Americans want to feel represented and not ruled over. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago And there's the faggot admission. We've gotten more people on the site as MAGA has picked up steam. The "fleeing like cockroaches" narrative is a legacy media one. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago Nah, you're just shitting your britches because people haven't abandoned MAGA. How many tendies a day do you get fedposting? permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -5 points 10 hours ago Haven’t abandoned? They’re fleeing like cockroaches when the lights come on in your basement. We should be riding high for a decade if we just stuck to mass deportations, draining the swamp, America First in both jobs and the economy, ended a few conflicts, and became less involved with world policies and more concerned at home. We have watched decades of political crimes with no consequences. Americans want to feel represented and not ruled over. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago And there's the faggot admission. We've gotten more people on the site as MAGA has picked up steam. The "fleeing like cockroaches" narrative is a legacy media one. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 -5 points 10 hours ago Haven’t abandoned? They’re fleeing like cockroaches when the lights come on in your basement. We should be riding high for a decade if we just stuck to mass deportations, draining the swamp, America First in both jobs and the economy, ended a few conflicts, and became less involved with world policies and more concerned at home. We have watched decades of political crimes with no consequences. Americans want to feel represented and not ruled over. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago And there's the faggot admission. We've gotten more people on the site as MAGA has picked up steam. The "fleeing like cockroaches" narrative is a legacy media one. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 6 points 10 hours ago And there's the faggot admission. We've gotten more people on the site as MAGA has picked up steam. The "fleeing like cockroaches" narrative is a legacy media one. permalink parent award report block reply
momspaghetti 6 points 10 hours ago Politicians are meant to be loyal to us, we're never meant to be loyal to politicians. Especially when they're going against what they ran on. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald OP 3 points 10 hours ago Good thing we did not elect a politician as president. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 1 points 10 hours ago Yeah... that worked the first term, and he did good then. He's been a politician for 9 years now bud. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 0 points 9 hours ago So, you voted for Mamdani.  Good luck. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 2 points 7 hours ago says something stupid gets corrected yOu vOtEd fOr mAmDaNi You're the pretend MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Grindelwald OP 3 points 10 hours ago Good thing we did not elect a politician as president. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 1 points 10 hours ago Yeah... that worked the first term, and he did good then. He's been a politician for 9 years now bud. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 0 points 9 hours ago So, you voted for Mamdani.  Good luck. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 2 points 7 hours ago says something stupid gets corrected yOu vOtEd fOr mAmDaNi You're the pretend MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
momspaghetti 1 points 10 hours ago Yeah... that worked the first term, and he did good then. He's been a politician for 9 years now bud. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 0 points 9 hours ago So, you voted for Mamdani.  Good luck. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 2 points 7 hours ago says something stupid gets corrected yOu vOtEd fOr mAmDaNi You're the pretend MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Grindelwald OP 0 points 9 hours ago So, you voted for Mamdani.  Good luck. permalink parent award report block reply momspaghetti 2 points 7 hours ago says something stupid gets corrected yOu vOtEd fOr mAmDaNi You're the pretend MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
momspaghetti 2 points 7 hours ago says something stupid gets corrected yOu vOtEd fOr mAmDaNi You're the pretend MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
13MMshooter 6 points 12 hours ago I just wish he'd do some shit that benefitted America. Oy vey. permalink award report block reply
Moebius 6 points 11 hours ago They always were here... permalink award report block reply
jangles 4 points 10 hours ago They smell like shit. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 4 points 9 hours ago You must not disagree with anything inside the echo chamber. You must remain a loyal cult member. Our great leader can do no wrong. Wtf are you going to do in 3 years when he's gone? I'm not here for Trump I'm here for America, America first, America only. permalink award report block reply Firespawn 2 points 7 hours ago I've been here several years, not as long as many, obviously, but when I first started, if you had said this back then, you'd be stormed with downvotes and possibly deported. I'm not insulting you either, just pointing out how this place has changed.
Nobody is perfect, including Trump. It's one thing when he is constructively criticized, it's totally different when he is being torn down. Again, not directed at you, just the overall view of a once GEOTUS supporting community, to a divided populace. He is definitely not standing on the pedestal we once built for him. permalink parent award report block reply
Firespawn 2 points 7 hours ago I've been here several years, not as long as many, obviously, but when I first started, if you had said this back then, you'd be stormed with downvotes and possibly deported. I'm not insulting you either, just pointing out how this place has changed.
Nobody is perfect, including Trump. It's one thing when he is constructively criticized, it's totally different when he is being torn down. Again, not directed at you, just the overall view of a once GEOTUS supporting community, to a divided populace. He is definitely not standing on the pedestal we once built for him. permalink parent award report block reply
Lurkmoore 3 points 8 hours ago Nope. People just recognize when Trump has taken a position that is not MAGA, and are speaking out about it, as they should. America cannot be great while our president insists on perpetuating the policies that have crippled us. Don't like it? Tell Trump, and tell his administration. Tell them what people are complaining about, and that he has given occassion for MAGA to become fractured. Because that is exactly the goal: for our dissident voices to get useless yes-men to speak up about mistakes and bad positions instead of pretending everything is magically going to work out so long as you say "yes, daddy" to whatever Trump says. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald OP 0 points 7 hours ago “People” permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald OP 0 points 7 hours ago “People” permalink parent award report block reply
VanDeKoik 2 points 10 hours ago Pretty much. They are free to exit at any time. permalink award report block reply
Herpawinski 1 points 9 hours ago Admittedly there is a fine line or grey area between shilling and chimp out. Chimping out works and what he said calls for a major chimp out. permalink award report block reply
freebirdie 1 points 7 hours ago Lol I'm done playing battered wife. You can keep blaming yourself for the knife in your back. permalink award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 10 hours ago First time? permalink award report block reply Grindelwald OP 2 points 10 hours ago I have deported so many over the past five years.  But it seems several coordinated attacks happening. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 3 points 7 hours ago Coordinated attacks ? These are coming from die hard supporters. What the fuck. Ignoring justifiable anger over policies does not help you. It makes you sound dumb. Explain better how his policies help. Don't dismiss the complaints as some bot farm or shadowy group. These are real people here and they are pissed. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald OP 2 points 10 hours ago I have deported so many over the past five years.  But it seems several coordinated attacks happening. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 3 points 7 hours ago Coordinated attacks ? These are coming from die hard supporters. What the fuck. Ignoring justifiable anger over policies does not help you. It makes you sound dumb. Explain better how his policies help. Don't dismiss the complaints as some bot farm or shadowy group. These are real people here and they are pissed. permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 3 points 7 hours ago Coordinated attacks ? These are coming from die hard supporters. What the fuck. Ignoring justifiable anger over policies does not help you. It makes you sound dumb. Explain better how his policies help. Don't dismiss the complaints as some bot farm or shadowy group. These are real people here and they are pissed. permalink parent award report block reply
Username_here 1 points 6 hours ago Yep. And that is why Dems will easily win the mid terms. And most likely 2028 permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 1 points 6 hours ago Ahh yes, the anti-Trumpers that have been posting on this site since its inception...give me a break. Trump is governing this country like a fucking retard the last 2 or 3 weeks. permalink award report block reply
Advhawk 1 points 8 hours ago Trust in the Trump! permalink award report block reply
Firespawn 1 points 7 hours ago The division over Israel is playing a role in it too. But then they're just showing that they're not America First, so definitely some faux MAGA out there. permalink award report block reply
Marina -1 points 11 hours ago DeSantis vs JD Vance. It’s already begun. permalink award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD -1 points 12 hours ago Keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being algorithmically pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. Everyone should read this article. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." permalink award report block reply Hambonemcgee 8 points 12 hours ago If the problem is indeed real, then maybe we need to deal with the split in the base.  Some people will support Trump no matter what foolish policy he's pushing, others hold him accountable.  We are America First.  I'm about finished watching the miquetoast effort being made to accomplish campaign promises.  None of this is fixing America.  We can't follow the rules if we expect anything to change.   We are too far down the path of destruction to fix this shit within the parameters of what we are "allowed" to do. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 9 points 12 hours ago That's not what I'm saying. I'm 100% MAGA. 100% America First. But understand what's going on. This is an attempt to split MAGA into bite sized pieces so the Deep State can pick us off with ease. They've tried several times with Israel, bombing Iran, Epstein and now H1b. They need to fracture the base so they can neutralize Trump. You can spot the shills because they are trying to get people to drop Trump. Real MAGA says, "I disagree with Trump on H1b" or "We need to get Trump to see how important H1b is" not "Trump has betrayed us and now I'm going to sit in my corner and pout while smart benificent AIPAC takes the reins" permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 12 hours ago The alternative is to go back to being the tea party permalink parent award report block reply Hambonemcgee 4 points 12 hours ago If we could get leaders that are rock-solid, never-wavering, America Firsters, we would be golden.  The problem I see reoccurring is a diluting of the commitment once a leader is exposed to the swamp.  It's like a pathogen. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 11 hours ago There was some talk of moving much of government out of DC … that talk disappeared permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -1 points 10 hours ago Ted “my greatest joy is serving Israel@ Cruz could be our candidate. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 7 points 11 hours ago lindsey graham is "maga" according to trump. we need to support him and not fake patriots like massie. we need to lower interest rates and just spend borrowed money. we need the stock market number to go up at all cost. we need real estate number to go up and we do that by getting desperate americans to over pay with a 50 year loan that they will die and pass along the remaining 20 years on the mortgage to their children. the number is all that counts. bigger is better. maga permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 11 hours ago So, I've defended Massie many times and I've defended Tucker as well. GDP and the stock market are bullshit. Ok that's a little strong, but deaths of despair, full time jobs for Americans, household formation (marriage rate), birth rate and home ownership are the real indicators of societal success. permalink parent award report block reply Marina 4 points 11 hours ago I agree 100%. DeSantis Billonaire Team is starting early but President Trump is making it easy . HB1 visa angers normal people especially after the lie of a college education and massive student debt. I wonder What happened to 100,000 dollar per head on these scam visa. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald OP 2 points 11 hours ago Thanks for the article.  Good read. (Though while reading it I kept getting McAfee popping up) permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 4 points 10 hours ago if you're on a phone, you should download the Brave browser. it has built-in adblock permalink parent award report block reply
Hambonemcgee 8 points 12 hours ago If the problem is indeed real, then maybe we need to deal with the split in the base.  Some people will support Trump no matter what foolish policy he's pushing, others hold him accountable.  We are America First.  I'm about finished watching the miquetoast effort being made to accomplish campaign promises.  None of this is fixing America.  We can't follow the rules if we expect anything to change.   We are too far down the path of destruction to fix this shit within the parameters of what we are "allowed" to do. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 9 points 12 hours ago That's not what I'm saying. I'm 100% MAGA. 100% America First. But understand what's going on. This is an attempt to split MAGA into bite sized pieces so the Deep State can pick us off with ease. They've tried several times with Israel, bombing Iran, Epstein and now H1b. They need to fracture the base so they can neutralize Trump. You can spot the shills because they are trying to get people to drop Trump. Real MAGA says, "I disagree with Trump on H1b" or "We need to get Trump to see how important H1b is" not "Trump has betrayed us and now I'm going to sit in my corner and pout while smart benificent AIPAC takes the reins" permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 12 hours ago The alternative is to go back to being the tea party permalink parent award report block reply Hambonemcgee 4 points 12 hours ago If we could get leaders that are rock-solid, never-wavering, America Firsters, we would be golden.  The problem I see reoccurring is a diluting of the commitment once a leader is exposed to the swamp.  It's like a pathogen. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 11 hours ago There was some talk of moving much of government out of DC … that talk disappeared permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -1 points 10 hours ago Ted “my greatest joy is serving Israel@ Cruz could be our candidate. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD 9 points 12 hours ago That's not what I'm saying. I'm 100% MAGA. 100% America First. But understand what's going on. This is an attempt to split MAGA into bite sized pieces so the Deep State can pick us off with ease. They've tried several times with Israel, bombing Iran, Epstein and now H1b. They need to fracture the base so they can neutralize Trump. You can spot the shills because they are trying to get people to drop Trump. Real MAGA says, "I disagree with Trump on H1b" or "We need to get Trump to see how important H1b is" not "Trump has betrayed us and now I'm going to sit in my corner and pout while smart benificent AIPAC takes the reins" permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 2 points 12 hours ago The alternative is to go back to being the tea party permalink parent award report block reply Hambonemcgee 4 points 12 hours ago If we could get leaders that are rock-solid, never-wavering, America Firsters, we would be golden.  The problem I see reoccurring is a diluting of the commitment once a leader is exposed to the swamp.  It's like a pathogen. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 11 hours ago There was some talk of moving much of government out of DC … that talk disappeared permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 -1 points 10 hours ago Ted “my greatest joy is serving Israel@ Cruz could be our candidate. permalink parent award report block reply
Hambonemcgee 4 points 12 hours ago If we could get leaders that are rock-solid, never-wavering, America Firsters, we would be golden.  The problem I see reoccurring is a diluting of the commitment once a leader is exposed to the swamp.  It's like a pathogen. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 11 hours ago There was some talk of moving much of government out of DC … that talk disappeared permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 2 points 11 hours ago There was some talk of moving much of government out of DC … that talk disappeared permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 -1 points 10 hours ago Ted “my greatest joy is serving Israel@ Cruz could be our candidate. permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 7 points 11 hours ago lindsey graham is "maga" according to trump. we need to support him and not fake patriots like massie. we need to lower interest rates and just spend borrowed money. we need the stock market number to go up at all cost. we need real estate number to go up and we do that by getting desperate americans to over pay with a 50 year loan that they will die and pass along the remaining 20 years on the mortgage to their children. the number is all that counts. bigger is better. maga permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 11 hours ago So, I've defended Massie many times and I've defended Tucker as well. GDP and the stock market are bullshit. Ok that's a little strong, but deaths of despair, full time jobs for Americans, household formation (marriage rate), birth rate and home ownership are the real indicators of societal success. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 11 hours ago So, I've defended Massie many times and I've defended Tucker as well. GDP and the stock market are bullshit. Ok that's a little strong, but deaths of despair, full time jobs for Americans, household formation (marriage rate), birth rate and home ownership are the real indicators of societal success. permalink parent award report block reply
Marina 4 points 11 hours ago I agree 100%. DeSantis Billonaire Team is starting early but President Trump is making it easy . HB1 visa angers normal people especially after the lie of a college education and massive student debt. I wonder What happened to 100,000 dollar per head on these scam visa. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald OP 2 points 11 hours ago Thanks for the article.  Good read. (Though while reading it I kept getting McAfee popping up) permalink parent award report block reply -Evspra 4 points 10 hours ago if you're on a phone, you should download the Brave browser. it has built-in adblock permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra 4 points 10 hours ago if you're on a phone, you should download the Brave browser. it has built-in adblock permalink parent award report block reply
_2022_ -2 points 11 hours ago Every person on this site that isn’t a shill is more MAGA than Trump. He doesn’t have what it takes to change the track this country is on. We need less making excuses for him and more holding him accountable for his terrible 2nd term (which will effectively be over once midterms are stolen) permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 4 points 10 hours ago Stolen? It will be a bloodbath with no theft. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 3 points 10 hours ago Good point permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 4 points 10 hours ago Stolen? It will be a bloodbath with no theft. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 3 points 10 hours ago Good point permalink parent award report block reply
_2022_ 3 points 10 hours ago Good point permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra -7 points 12 hours ago Correct …. Someone posted a strange video about Hindu people yesterday.  It was posted for no reason but to try to show this site is for white people that hate non whites permalink award report block reply AngelMark2 9 points 11 hours ago I’m white and I hate everyone that is a liberal retard no matter what color and I’m starting to hate all non Americans especially brown n black low IQ street shitters cat eaters and goat fuckers using MY tax dollars to live for free! permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 10 hours ago I’m right there with you, you can’t even go into stores behind some of them without wanting to puke. Clearly got 5 wives in tow and some of them look extremely young, a dozen kids or more and everything being paid for by us. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 8 hours ago If you judge someone by the color of their skin or as non-American without knowing for a fact they are not American, you are by definition a racist and need to get out any conservative movement.  We don’t have to kneel down to all the racists that have infected the Donald.  You need to go.  Not the people that believe in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply AngelMark2 1 points 3 hours ago Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply Female 3 points 10 hours ago Show us a video about 'hindu' that is not strange .. hindu is not a race permalink parent award report block reply VanDeKoik 2 points 10 hours ago It isnt a shock that all the bored homo StormFags show up here to basically attack Trump for not being racist enough, or to jack themselves off about how much they hate anyone not white because they suck at life and it has to be THEIR fault. The mods here seem to fail to understand this is a Trump supporter site, not a rant-o-thon about jews and anyone not as pale as an iceberg. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 7 hours ago Correct.  This site is infected by loner losers and antifa types that are racists or want to tactically paint conservatives as racists. permalink parent award report block reply
AngelMark2 9 points 11 hours ago I’m white and I hate everyone that is a liberal retard no matter what color and I’m starting to hate all non Americans especially brown n black low IQ street shitters cat eaters and goat fuckers using MY tax dollars to live for free! permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 10 hours ago I’m right there with you, you can’t even go into stores behind some of them without wanting to puke. Clearly got 5 wives in tow and some of them look extremely young, a dozen kids or more and everything being paid for by us. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 8 hours ago If you judge someone by the color of their skin or as non-American without knowing for a fact they are not American, you are by definition a racist and need to get out any conservative movement.  We don’t have to kneel down to all the racists that have infected the Donald.  You need to go.  Not the people that believe in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply AngelMark2 1 points 3 hours ago Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 10 hours ago I’m right there with you, you can’t even go into stores behind some of them without wanting to puke. Clearly got 5 wives in tow and some of them look extremely young, a dozen kids or more and everything being paid for by us. permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 1 points 8 hours ago If you judge someone by the color of their skin or as non-American without knowing for a fact they are not American, you are by definition a racist and need to get out any conservative movement.  We don’t have to kneel down to all the racists that have infected the Donald.  You need to go.  Not the people that believe in the Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply AngelMark2 1 points 3 hours ago Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply
AngelMark2 1 points 3 hours ago Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply
Female 3 points 10 hours ago Show us a video about 'hindu' that is not strange .. hindu is not a race permalink parent award report block reply
VanDeKoik 2 points 10 hours ago It isnt a shock that all the bored homo StormFags show up here to basically attack Trump for not being racist enough, or to jack themselves off about how much they hate anyone not white because they suck at life and it has to be THEIR fault. The mods here seem to fail to understand this is a Trump supporter site, not a rant-o-thon about jews and anyone not as pale as an iceberg. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 7 hours ago Correct.  This site is infected by loner losers and antifa types that are racists or want to tactically paint conservatives as racists. permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 2 points 7 hours ago Correct.  This site is infected by loner losers and antifa types that are racists or want to tactically paint conservatives as racists. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply