605 Some Marxists stopped me while I was jogging so I asked them to name one thing the communists have ever created. posted 5 days ago by pepperonishoes 71 comments award share report block Kenny Webster @KennethRWebster • 7d Some Marxists stopped me while I was jogging so I asked them to name one thing the communists have ever created. The rest of the conversation was predictable.
71 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save FORMERCHILDSTAR 58 points 5 days ago They deserve zero respect. They are all rabid killers under the surface. permalink award report block reply Transparency 3 points 5 days ago They deserve zero respect. They are all rabid killers under the surface. 100% agreed. Considering the laws, he treated them appropriately. Calling them parasites to their face. 👍 permalink parent award report block reply atomicpower 51 points 5 days ago Did he really list the bolshevik revolution as an accomplishment of communism? permalink award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 22 points 5 days ago I mean... it's an accomplishment in the same way that getting petrified by volcanic ash while giving/getting 69 is an accomplishment. permalink parent award report block reply Skabliggum2 7 points 5 days ago I hope to cum laude one day, preferably in a 69 permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 3 points 5 days ago Wait: Did they find those folks from Mt. St. Helen's? permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 6 points 5 days ago Pompeii, the ashes from the eruption of Vesuvius. The people of Pompeii were SUPER FREAKY. So many of them permanently preserved having sex in so many ways. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 5 days ago Grok: No, that's not correct—it's a popular myth, but it doesn't hold up. What Actually Happened in Pompeii In 79 AD, Mount Vesuvius erupted, burying Pompeii under volcanic ash and pumice . The victims weren't preserved mid-sex; they died from extreme heat (up to 500°C/932°F pyroclastic surges) and suffocation. The ash then hardened around their bodies, creating voids that were later filled with plaster by archaeologists in the 19th century to make those famous casts. Most casts show people in agonizing, protective poses —curled up, covering faces, clutching children—not erotic ones. There are zero casts of people frozen during intercourse. Where the "Sex Freeze" Myth Comes From Pompeii was sexually open by Roman standards: explicit frescoes, phallic symbols, and brothels (like the Lupanar with erotic wall art) were common. A few casts have been misinterpreted: One famous pair (the "two maidens") was long thought to be women embracing erotically, but DNA in 2017 confirmed they were two men , likely brothers or friends, just huddled together in fear. Another cast of a person with a "protrusion" was speculated to be an erection, but it's just the way the body contorted in death. Erotic artifacts (statues, paintings) were found, but no humans preserved in sexual acts . In short: Pompeii was kinky by ancient standards, but the "frozen orgy" story is pure exaggeration. The real tragedy was 2,000+ people dying in terror, not mid-threesome. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rhuairhi 2 points 5 days ago Oof! Some of my family had to evacuate when that happened. What stuck with me though, is how the left the entire area as is. Choked, no chance to regrow. Who the hell made that decision? permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 5 days ago I visited there 20 years after the eruption. It was just miles and miles of trees laying down, snapped like toothpicks.   It was humbling. permalink parent award report block reply spinpilot40 21 points 5 days ago Bird hands! permalink award report block reply OGRapHat 5 points 5 days ago And wave offs. Nothing worked. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaRichAgain 19 points 5 days ago woman Of course permalink award report block reply ActNow 4 points 5 days ago Dude was the leader with the bright idea that the Bolshevik  Revolution was an accomplishment. Woman was a useful idiot. They're all stupid. permalink parent award report block reply Scot 19 points 5 days ago The useless idiots never learn. They will be the first lined up against the wall when the communists take control. permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 2 points 5 days ago No, they'll be the first wave of brown shirts sending everyone else to the wall. It's the small time organizers who get shot, not the idiots. permalink parent award report block reply DEPORT50M 17 points 5 days ago That pajeet needs to go home permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 12 points 5 days ago Yup, deport permalink parent award report block reply the-new-style 14 points 5 days ago "if you don't want to have an intellectual conversation I won't talk to you" ... 5 minutes after taking power "Those who have never laboured, but slept comfortably, they must be made to produce fruit" (Khmer Rouge, 1975) permalink award report block reply OGRapHat 5 points 5 days ago At the end someone will have to dig the ditches. permalink parent award report block reply bluedevilga 14 points 5 days ago Death, starvation, misery. Maybe they didn’t create these, but they definitely perfected them permalink award report block reply tooanalytical 13 points 5 days ago They want to be nice to you until they discover you don't want to be indoctrinated. Then the knives come out. permalink award report block reply Im_Not_Rattled 9 points 5 days ago Same model as Islam. permalink parent award report block reply RichardCranium 10 points 5 days ago This is why I just don't engage with these retards anymore. They just rattle off their retarded talking points, talk over you and just call you the obligatory Nazi, racist, fascist and then storm off. The level of smugness they have while being so far of their own ass, thinking they're the "intellectuals". It's like that meme about don't play chess with a pigeon, they'll just kick all the pieces of the board, take a shit on it and then walk away thinking they won. permalink award report block reply GarySevenX 5 points 5 days ago There is zero difference between the Fascists like Hitler and Mussolini to Lenin Stalin and Mao the Communists Nothing hate religion hate capitalism hate individual rights. Same POS both groups of Stupid. permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 8 points 5 days ago Hey on the bright side, atleast we can ship all the commies to one central location to keep an eye on them. permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 5 points 5 days ago Smack dab in the center of the gulf of America permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 5 points 5 days ago I was thinking new york but I think your idea is much better permalink parent award report block reply Skabliggum2 4 points 5 days ago 🚁 permalink parent award report block reply Beat_to_Quarters 8 points 5 days ago I think the best thing commies ever made was some guns. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 5 days ago The AK-47 has probably been responsible for more deaths than any other weapon on Earth, it is a weapon of mass production and destruction. Thing is, sure they made a lot of them, but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 that was a German design.  And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. Kind of like the British design of the STEN gun, but that was a submachinegun of socialist design. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 4 points 5 days ago but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 No it wasn't. The STG uses a toggle lock action while the AK is a rotating bolt and the FCG is entirely different. And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. This is again wrong, the STG44 was a cheap gun made of stamped sheet metal while all AKs were solely milled receiver guns until 1959 permalink parent award report block reply Cplblue 4 points 5 days ago The AK-47 is absolutely not a reverse engineered StG-44. It was inspired by it but their components and operating systems have nothing in common. That's like saying the Panzerkampfwagen V was a copy of the T-34. permalink parent award report block reply prayinpede 3 points 5 days ago Brandon Herrera did a video on this exact topic permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago If anything the STG is more in line mechanically with the SKS in both the bolt locking mechanism and FCG layout, though the SKS isn't a long stroke gas piston design. permalink parent award report block reply gaijin_ronin 8 points 5 days ago Look out, Bucktooth Birdhands on the attack! permalink award report block reply Skabliggum2 3 points 5 days ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply PatPede1 6 points 5 days ago "Don't be rude to me, I want to take all your stuff and destroy everything you hold dear.  You must be polite while I do it!!" - Smelly Marxist permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 5 points 5 days ago It's always middle aged guys pushing socialism while also coincidentally screwing the young women who are dumb enough to buy into it. permalink award report block reply WTFMuFugah 4 points 5 days ago Graves. Lots and lots of graves. permalink award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago Wait did communist's invent mass graves. permalink parent award report block reply fskfsk 4 points 5 days ago "I want an intelligent conversation." means "I talk at you and you agree with everything I say." permalink award report block reply KeepAmericaAmerica 4 points 5 days ago They've created bread lines permalink award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago The fact that had breadlines in a country that has 25% more cropland than the United States currently has, with 50% less people than the United States currently has, is a true testament to the greatness of communism. permalink parent award report block reply jiujiujiu 4 points 5 days ago They’re all thieves. They steal from useful people then walk around pretending to be useful. permalink award report block reply ActNow 1 points 5 days ago Until they're lined up against the wall. permalink parent award report block reply Whiteemo 3 points 5 days ago Absolute legend!! permalink award report block reply GoodvsEvil2 3 points 5 days ago Kenney can stay permalink award report block reply Dev404 3 points 5 days ago Intellectual conversation with a communist? The amount of pride they have in their ignorant stupidity is bottomless. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 1 points 5 days ago It's not for them.  It's for any curious observers who can still be swayed. permalink parent award report block reply DelightfulDane 3 points 5 days ago "Find a Trader Joes that works as well as the DMV" LOL! :D Wait....was that a dig at Trader Joes or the DMV? LOL permalink award report block reply Skabliggum2 2 points 5 days ago They're the same picture permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 days ago TJs is efficient and focuses on customer service, unlike the DMV. permalink parent award report block reply prayinpede 2 points 5 days ago The ak is pretty awesome. But other than that nothing permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 2 points 5 days ago so that pajeeta can come to your country wag her fingers in your face and tell you to go away permalink award report block reply MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Only in America permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 5 days ago Bird hands in your face.  Constant harping louder and louder about how “I’m not going to engage with you because you don’t want to have a civil conversation” (just shut up and don’t say a word and smile politely while I spew my propaganda nonsense). It’s all so tiresome. permalink award report block reply brewser724 2 points 5 days ago IQ lower than her pant size, rather. permalink award report block reply Sleepingbagcrusher 2 points 5 days ago That was a royal ass kicking permalink award report block reply Weneverleft 2 points 5 days ago Hot twat selling stupidity.  I'm glad he hung in their and fed her a steaming pile of her own shit. Stupid professor tride to man up and scare him into backing down.  HAHAHAHAHA,  KEK!!!! permalink award report block reply RomeIsFalling 2 points 5 days ago When he told her to keep her hand out of his face and she said or what I woulda had a hard time not saying or I’ll make you face a wall and shoot you in the back of your head like Stalin would. permalink award report block reply bananafone 1 points 5 days ago Survivors of Communism is a great education organization if your looking to volunteer or donate permalink award report block reply Manuel4321 1 points 5 days ago ROTFLOL permalink award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 1 points 5 days ago Snaggle-jeet. lol GTFO permalink award report block reply harryparatestes 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised they didn't shoot him in the neck. permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 1 points 5 days ago The AK-47 may have the the only thing that came out of communism that was ever worth a damn. And to be fair with was largely a copy of Germany’s STG-44. They did make meaningful improvements that they deserve credit for though. permalink award report block reply FattyWatt 1 points 5 days ago Commies aren't human, kill a commie today! They're para$ites who contribute nothing to society. The problem is, they always run out of OTHER PEOPLE$ MONEY.  Then, like Venezuela, they eat their pets. permalink award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply TheGoyimWhisperer 2 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
FORMERCHILDSTAR 58 points 5 days ago They deserve zero respect. They are all rabid killers under the surface. permalink award report block reply Transparency 3 points 5 days ago They deserve zero respect. They are all rabid killers under the surface. 100% agreed. Considering the laws, he treated them appropriately. Calling them parasites to their face. 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
Transparency 3 points 5 days ago They deserve zero respect. They are all rabid killers under the surface. 100% agreed. Considering the laws, he treated them appropriately. Calling them parasites to their face. 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
atomicpower 51 points 5 days ago Did he really list the bolshevik revolution as an accomplishment of communism? permalink award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 22 points 5 days ago I mean... it's an accomplishment in the same way that getting petrified by volcanic ash while giving/getting 69 is an accomplishment. permalink parent award report block reply Skabliggum2 7 points 5 days ago I hope to cum laude one day, preferably in a 69 permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 3 points 5 days ago Wait: Did they find those folks from Mt. St. Helen's? permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 6 points 5 days ago Pompeii, the ashes from the eruption of Vesuvius. The people of Pompeii were SUPER FREAKY. So many of them permanently preserved having sex in so many ways. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 5 days ago Grok: No, that's not correct—it's a popular myth, but it doesn't hold up. What Actually Happened in Pompeii In 79 AD, Mount Vesuvius erupted, burying Pompeii under volcanic ash and pumice . The victims weren't preserved mid-sex; they died from extreme heat (up to 500°C/932°F pyroclastic surges) and suffocation. The ash then hardened around their bodies, creating voids that were later filled with plaster by archaeologists in the 19th century to make those famous casts. Most casts show people in agonizing, protective poses —curled up, covering faces, clutching children—not erotic ones. There are zero casts of people frozen during intercourse. Where the "Sex Freeze" Myth Comes From Pompeii was sexually open by Roman standards: explicit frescoes, phallic symbols, and brothels (like the Lupanar with erotic wall art) were common. A few casts have been misinterpreted: One famous pair (the "two maidens") was long thought to be women embracing erotically, but DNA in 2017 confirmed they were two men , likely brothers or friends, just huddled together in fear. Another cast of a person with a "protrusion" was speculated to be an erection, but it's just the way the body contorted in death. Erotic artifacts (statues, paintings) were found, but no humans preserved in sexual acts . In short: Pompeii was kinky by ancient standards, but the "frozen orgy" story is pure exaggeration. The real tragedy was 2,000+ people dying in terror, not mid-threesome. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rhuairhi 2 points 5 days ago Oof! Some of my family had to evacuate when that happened. What stuck with me though, is how the left the entire area as is. Choked, no chance to regrow. Who the hell made that decision? permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 5 days ago I visited there 20 years after the eruption. It was just miles and miles of trees laying down, snapped like toothpicks.   It was humbling. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 22 points 5 days ago I mean... it's an accomplishment in the same way that getting petrified by volcanic ash while giving/getting 69 is an accomplishment. permalink parent award report block reply Skabliggum2 7 points 5 days ago I hope to cum laude one day, preferably in a 69 permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 3 points 5 days ago Wait: Did they find those folks from Mt. St. Helen's? permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 6 points 5 days ago Pompeii, the ashes from the eruption of Vesuvius. The people of Pompeii were SUPER FREAKY. So many of them permanently preserved having sex in so many ways. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 5 days ago Grok: No, that's not correct—it's a popular myth, but it doesn't hold up. What Actually Happened in Pompeii In 79 AD, Mount Vesuvius erupted, burying Pompeii under volcanic ash and pumice . The victims weren't preserved mid-sex; they died from extreme heat (up to 500°C/932°F pyroclastic surges) and suffocation. The ash then hardened around their bodies, creating voids that were later filled with plaster by archaeologists in the 19th century to make those famous casts. Most casts show people in agonizing, protective poses —curled up, covering faces, clutching children—not erotic ones. There are zero casts of people frozen during intercourse. Where the "Sex Freeze" Myth Comes From Pompeii was sexually open by Roman standards: explicit frescoes, phallic symbols, and brothels (like the Lupanar with erotic wall art) were common. A few casts have been misinterpreted: One famous pair (the "two maidens") was long thought to be women embracing erotically, but DNA in 2017 confirmed they were two men , likely brothers or friends, just huddled together in fear. Another cast of a person with a "protrusion" was speculated to be an erection, but it's just the way the body contorted in death. Erotic artifacts (statues, paintings) were found, but no humans preserved in sexual acts . In short: Pompeii was kinky by ancient standards, but the "frozen orgy" story is pure exaggeration. The real tragedy was 2,000+ people dying in terror, not mid-threesome. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rhuairhi 2 points 5 days ago Oof! Some of my family had to evacuate when that happened. What stuck with me though, is how the left the entire area as is. Choked, no chance to regrow. Who the hell made that decision? permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 5 days ago I visited there 20 years after the eruption. It was just miles and miles of trees laying down, snapped like toothpicks.   It was humbling. permalink parent award report block reply
Skabliggum2 7 points 5 days ago I hope to cum laude one day, preferably in a 69 permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysBeaverMunch 3 points 5 days ago Wait: Did they find those folks from Mt. St. Helen's? permalink parent award report block reply CommanderOfCheese 6 points 5 days ago Pompeii, the ashes from the eruption of Vesuvius. The people of Pompeii were SUPER FREAKY. So many of them permanently preserved having sex in so many ways. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 5 days ago Grok: No, that's not correct—it's a popular myth, but it doesn't hold up. What Actually Happened in Pompeii In 79 AD, Mount Vesuvius erupted, burying Pompeii under volcanic ash and pumice . The victims weren't preserved mid-sex; they died from extreme heat (up to 500°C/932°F pyroclastic surges) and suffocation. The ash then hardened around their bodies, creating voids that were later filled with plaster by archaeologists in the 19th century to make those famous casts. Most casts show people in agonizing, protective poses —curled up, covering faces, clutching children—not erotic ones. There are zero casts of people frozen during intercourse. Where the "Sex Freeze" Myth Comes From Pompeii was sexually open by Roman standards: explicit frescoes, phallic symbols, and brothels (like the Lupanar with erotic wall art) were common. A few casts have been misinterpreted: One famous pair (the "two maidens") was long thought to be women embracing erotically, but DNA in 2017 confirmed they were two men , likely brothers or friends, just huddled together in fear. Another cast of a person with a "protrusion" was speculated to be an erection, but it's just the way the body contorted in death. Erotic artifacts (statues, paintings) were found, but no humans preserved in sexual acts . In short: Pompeii was kinky by ancient standards, but the "frozen orgy" story is pure exaggeration. The real tragedy was 2,000+ people dying in terror, not mid-threesome. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rhuairhi 2 points 5 days ago Oof! Some of my family had to evacuate when that happened. What stuck with me though, is how the left the entire area as is. Choked, no chance to regrow. Who the hell made that decision? permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 5 days ago I visited there 20 years after the eruption. It was just miles and miles of trees laying down, snapped like toothpicks.   It was humbling. permalink parent award report block reply
CommanderOfCheese 6 points 5 days ago Pompeii, the ashes from the eruption of Vesuvius. The people of Pompeii were SUPER FREAKY. So many of them permanently preserved having sex in so many ways. permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 5 days ago Grok: No, that's not correct—it's a popular myth, but it doesn't hold up. What Actually Happened in Pompeii In 79 AD, Mount Vesuvius erupted, burying Pompeii under volcanic ash and pumice . The victims weren't preserved mid-sex; they died from extreme heat (up to 500°C/932°F pyroclastic surges) and suffocation. The ash then hardened around their bodies, creating voids that were later filled with plaster by archaeologists in the 19th century to make those famous casts. Most casts show people in agonizing, protective poses —curled up, covering faces, clutching children—not erotic ones. There are zero casts of people frozen during intercourse. Where the "Sex Freeze" Myth Comes From Pompeii was sexually open by Roman standards: explicit frescoes, phallic symbols, and brothels (like the Lupanar with erotic wall art) were common. A few casts have been misinterpreted: One famous pair (the "two maidens") was long thought to be women embracing erotically, but DNA in 2017 confirmed they were two men , likely brothers or friends, just huddled together in fear. Another cast of a person with a "protrusion" was speculated to be an erection, but it's just the way the body contorted in death. Erotic artifacts (statues, paintings) were found, but no humans preserved in sexual acts . In short: Pompeii was kinky by ancient standards, but the "frozen orgy" story is pure exaggeration. The real tragedy was 2,000+ people dying in terror, not mid-threesome. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Transparency 1 points 5 days ago Grok: No, that's not correct—it's a popular myth, but it doesn't hold up. What Actually Happened in Pompeii In 79 AD, Mount Vesuvius erupted, burying Pompeii under volcanic ash and pumice . The victims weren't preserved mid-sex; they died from extreme heat (up to 500°C/932°F pyroclastic surges) and suffocation. The ash then hardened around their bodies, creating voids that were later filled with plaster by archaeologists in the 19th century to make those famous casts. Most casts show people in agonizing, protective poses —curled up, covering faces, clutching children—not erotic ones. There are zero casts of people frozen during intercourse. Where the "Sex Freeze" Myth Comes From Pompeii was sexually open by Roman standards: explicit frescoes, phallic symbols, and brothels (like the Lupanar with erotic wall art) were common. A few casts have been misinterpreted: One famous pair (the "two maidens") was long thought to be women embracing erotically, but DNA in 2017 confirmed they were two men , likely brothers or friends, just huddled together in fear. Another cast of a person with a "protrusion" was speculated to be an erection, but it's just the way the body contorted in death. Erotic artifacts (statues, paintings) were found, but no humans preserved in sexual acts . In short: Pompeii was kinky by ancient standards, but the "frozen orgy" story is pure exaggeration. The real tragedy was 2,000+ people dying in terror, not mid-threesome. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Rhuairhi 2 points 5 days ago Oof! Some of my family had to evacuate when that happened. What stuck with me though, is how the left the entire area as is. Choked, no chance to regrow. Who the hell made that decision? permalink parent award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 5 days ago I visited there 20 years after the eruption. It was just miles and miles of trees laying down, snapped like toothpicks.   It was humbling. permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 5 days ago I visited there 20 years after the eruption. It was just miles and miles of trees laying down, snapped like toothpicks.   It was humbling. permalink parent award report block reply
spinpilot40 21 points 5 days ago Bird hands! permalink award report block reply OGRapHat 5 points 5 days ago And wave offs. Nothing worked. permalink parent award report block reply
OGRapHat 5 points 5 days ago And wave offs. Nothing worked. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaRichAgain 19 points 5 days ago woman Of course permalink award report block reply ActNow 4 points 5 days ago Dude was the leader with the bright idea that the Bolshevik  Revolution was an accomplishment. Woman was a useful idiot. They're all stupid. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 4 points 5 days ago Dude was the leader with the bright idea that the Bolshevik  Revolution was an accomplishment. Woman was a useful idiot. They're all stupid. permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 19 points 5 days ago The useless idiots never learn. They will be the first lined up against the wall when the communists take control. permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 2 points 5 days ago No, they'll be the first wave of brown shirts sending everyone else to the wall. It's the small time organizers who get shot, not the idiots. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 2 points 5 days ago No, they'll be the first wave of brown shirts sending everyone else to the wall. It's the small time organizers who get shot, not the idiots. permalink parent award report block reply
DEPORT50M 17 points 5 days ago That pajeet needs to go home permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 12 points 5 days ago Yup, deport permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 12 points 5 days ago Yup, deport permalink parent award report block reply
the-new-style 14 points 5 days ago "if you don't want to have an intellectual conversation I won't talk to you" ... 5 minutes after taking power "Those who have never laboured, but slept comfortably, they must be made to produce fruit" (Khmer Rouge, 1975) permalink award report block reply OGRapHat 5 points 5 days ago At the end someone will have to dig the ditches. permalink parent award report block reply
OGRapHat 5 points 5 days ago At the end someone will have to dig the ditches. permalink parent award report block reply
bluedevilga 14 points 5 days ago Death, starvation, misery. Maybe they didn’t create these, but they definitely perfected them permalink award report block reply
tooanalytical 13 points 5 days ago They want to be nice to you until they discover you don't want to be indoctrinated. Then the knives come out. permalink award report block reply Im_Not_Rattled 9 points 5 days ago Same model as Islam. permalink parent award report block reply
Im_Not_Rattled 9 points 5 days ago Same model as Islam. permalink parent award report block reply
RichardCranium 10 points 5 days ago This is why I just don't engage with these retards anymore. They just rattle off their retarded talking points, talk over you and just call you the obligatory Nazi, racist, fascist and then storm off. The level of smugness they have while being so far of their own ass, thinking they're the "intellectuals". It's like that meme about don't play chess with a pigeon, they'll just kick all the pieces of the board, take a shit on it and then walk away thinking they won. permalink award report block reply GarySevenX 5 points 5 days ago There is zero difference between the Fascists like Hitler and Mussolini to Lenin Stalin and Mao the Communists Nothing hate religion hate capitalism hate individual rights. Same POS both groups of Stupid. permalink parent award report block reply
GarySevenX 5 points 5 days ago There is zero difference between the Fascists like Hitler and Mussolini to Lenin Stalin and Mao the Communists Nothing hate religion hate capitalism hate individual rights. Same POS both groups of Stupid. permalink parent award report block reply
MurphyPDicsak 8 points 5 days ago Hey on the bright side, atleast we can ship all the commies to one central location to keep an eye on them. permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 5 points 5 days ago Smack dab in the center of the gulf of America permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 5 points 5 days ago I was thinking new york but I think your idea is much better permalink parent award report block reply Skabliggum2 4 points 5 days ago 🚁 permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 5 points 5 days ago Smack dab in the center of the gulf of America permalink parent award report block reply MurphyPDicsak 5 points 5 days ago I was thinking new york but I think your idea is much better permalink parent award report block reply Skabliggum2 4 points 5 days ago 🚁 permalink parent award report block reply
MurphyPDicsak 5 points 5 days ago I was thinking new york but I think your idea is much better permalink parent award report block reply
Skabliggum2 4 points 5 days ago 🚁 permalink parent award report block reply
Beat_to_Quarters 8 points 5 days ago I think the best thing commies ever made was some guns. permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 5 days ago The AK-47 has probably been responsible for more deaths than any other weapon on Earth, it is a weapon of mass production and destruction. Thing is, sure they made a lot of them, but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 that was a German design.  And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. Kind of like the British design of the STEN gun, but that was a submachinegun of socialist design. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 4 points 5 days ago but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 No it wasn't. The STG uses a toggle lock action while the AK is a rotating bolt and the FCG is entirely different. And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. This is again wrong, the STG44 was a cheap gun made of stamped sheet metal while all AKs were solely milled receiver guns until 1959 permalink parent award report block reply Cplblue 4 points 5 days ago The AK-47 is absolutely not a reverse engineered StG-44. It was inspired by it but their components and operating systems have nothing in common. That's like saying the Panzerkampfwagen V was a copy of the T-34. permalink parent award report block reply prayinpede 3 points 5 days ago Brandon Herrera did a video on this exact topic permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago If anything the STG is more in line mechanically with the SKS in both the bolt locking mechanism and FCG layout, though the SKS isn't a long stroke gas piston design. permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 7 points 5 days ago The AK-47 has probably been responsible for more deaths than any other weapon on Earth, it is a weapon of mass production and destruction. Thing is, sure they made a lot of them, but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 that was a German design.  And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. Kind of like the British design of the STEN gun, but that was a submachinegun of socialist design. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 4 points 5 days ago but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 No it wasn't. The STG uses a toggle lock action while the AK is a rotating bolt and the FCG is entirely different. And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. This is again wrong, the STG44 was a cheap gun made of stamped sheet metal while all AKs were solely milled receiver guns until 1959 permalink parent award report block reply Cplblue 4 points 5 days ago The AK-47 is absolutely not a reverse engineered StG-44. It was inspired by it but their components and operating systems have nothing in common. That's like saying the Panzerkampfwagen V was a copy of the T-34. permalink parent award report block reply prayinpede 3 points 5 days ago Brandon Herrera did a video on this exact topic permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago If anything the STG is more in line mechanically with the SKS in both the bolt locking mechanism and FCG layout, though the SKS isn't a long stroke gas piston design. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 4 points 5 days ago but it is in fact a reverse engineered StG44 No it wasn't. The STG uses a toggle lock action while the AK is a rotating bolt and the FCG is entirely different. And like a lot of German designs it was highly engineered and expensive to produce, but the commies figured out how to make them much cheaper using stamped steel and what not. This is again wrong, the STG44 was a cheap gun made of stamped sheet metal while all AKs were solely milled receiver guns until 1959 permalink parent award report block reply
Cplblue 4 points 5 days ago The AK-47 is absolutely not a reverse engineered StG-44. It was inspired by it but their components and operating systems have nothing in common. That's like saying the Panzerkampfwagen V was a copy of the T-34. permalink parent award report block reply prayinpede 3 points 5 days ago Brandon Herrera did a video on this exact topic permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago If anything the STG is more in line mechanically with the SKS in both the bolt locking mechanism and FCG layout, though the SKS isn't a long stroke gas piston design. permalink parent award report block reply
prayinpede 3 points 5 days ago Brandon Herrera did a video on this exact topic permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago If anything the STG is more in line mechanically with the SKS in both the bolt locking mechanism and FCG layout, though the SKS isn't a long stroke gas piston design. permalink parent award report block reply
gaijin_ronin 8 points 5 days ago Look out, Bucktooth Birdhands on the attack! permalink award report block reply Skabliggum2 3 points 5 days ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
Skabliggum2 3 points 5 days ago 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
PatPede1 6 points 5 days ago "Don't be rude to me, I want to take all your stuff and destroy everything you hold dear.  You must be polite while I do it!!" - Smelly Marxist permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 5 points 5 days ago It's always middle aged guys pushing socialism while also coincidentally screwing the young women who are dumb enough to buy into it. permalink award report block reply
WTFMuFugah 4 points 5 days ago Graves. Lots and lots of graves. permalink award report block reply MR__K 1 points 5 days ago Wait did communist's invent mass graves. permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 1 points 5 days ago Wait did communist's invent mass graves. permalink parent award report block reply
fskfsk 4 points 5 days ago "I want an intelligent conversation." means "I talk at you and you agree with everything I say." permalink award report block reply
KeepAmericaAmerica 4 points 5 days ago They've created bread lines permalink award report block reply anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago The fact that had breadlines in a country that has 25% more cropland than the United States currently has, with 50% less people than the United States currently has, is a true testament to the greatness of communism. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 4 points 5 days ago The fact that had breadlines in a country that has 25% more cropland than the United States currently has, with 50% less people than the United States currently has, is a true testament to the greatness of communism. permalink parent award report block reply
jiujiujiu 4 points 5 days ago They’re all thieves. They steal from useful people then walk around pretending to be useful. permalink award report block reply ActNow 1 points 5 days ago Until they're lined up against the wall. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 1 points 5 days ago Until they're lined up against the wall. permalink parent award report block reply
Whiteemo 3 points 5 days ago Absolute legend!! permalink award report block reply
GoodvsEvil2 3 points 5 days ago Kenney can stay permalink award report block reply
Dev404 3 points 5 days ago Intellectual conversation with a communist? The amount of pride they have in their ignorant stupidity is bottomless. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 1 points 5 days ago It's not for them.  It's for any curious observers who can still be swayed. permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 1 points 5 days ago It's not for them.  It's for any curious observers who can still be swayed. permalink parent award report block reply
DelightfulDane 3 points 5 days ago "Find a Trader Joes that works as well as the DMV" LOL! :D Wait....was that a dig at Trader Joes or the DMV? LOL permalink award report block reply Skabliggum2 2 points 5 days ago They're the same picture permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 days ago TJs is efficient and focuses on customer service, unlike the DMV. permalink parent award report block reply
Skabliggum2 2 points 5 days ago They're the same picture permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 days ago TJs is efficient and focuses on customer service, unlike the DMV. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 2 points 5 days ago TJs is efficient and focuses on customer service, unlike the DMV. permalink parent award report block reply
prayinpede 2 points 5 days ago The ak is pretty awesome. But other than that nothing permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 2 points 5 days ago so that pajeeta can come to your country wag her fingers in your face and tell you to go away permalink award report block reply MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Only in America permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 3 points 5 days ago Only in America permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 5 days ago Bird hands in your face.  Constant harping louder and louder about how “I’m not going to engage with you because you don’t want to have a civil conversation” (just shut up and don’t say a word and smile politely while I spew my propaganda nonsense). It’s all so tiresome. permalink award report block reply
brewser724 2 points 5 days ago IQ lower than her pant size, rather. permalink award report block reply
Sleepingbagcrusher 2 points 5 days ago That was a royal ass kicking permalink award report block reply
Weneverleft 2 points 5 days ago Hot twat selling stupidity.  I'm glad he hung in their and fed her a steaming pile of her own shit. Stupid professor tride to man up and scare him into backing down.  HAHAHAHAHA,  KEK!!!! permalink award report block reply
RomeIsFalling 2 points 5 days ago When he told her to keep her hand out of his face and she said or what I woulda had a hard time not saying or I’ll make you face a wall and shoot you in the back of your head like Stalin would. permalink award report block reply
bananafone 1 points 5 days ago Survivors of Communism is a great education organization if your looking to volunteer or donate permalink award report block reply
Manuel4321 1 points 5 days ago ROTFLOL permalink award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 1 points 5 days ago Snaggle-jeet. lol GTFO permalink award report block reply
harryparatestes 1 points 5 days ago I'm surprised they didn't shoot him in the neck. permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 1 points 5 days ago The AK-47 may have the the only thing that came out of communism that was ever worth a damn. And to be fair with was largely a copy of Germany’s STG-44. They did make meaningful improvements that they deserve credit for though. permalink award report block reply
FattyWatt 1 points 5 days ago Commies aren't human, kill a commie today! They're para$ites who contribute nothing to society. The problem is, they always run out of OTHER PEOPLE$ MONEY.  Then, like Venezuela, they eat their pets. permalink award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 3 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
TheGoyimWhisperer 2 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply