686 NO ONE GAVE CHE THE LAST RIGHTS.. THEY JUST KILLED HIS COMMIE ASS. posted 6 days ago by blvntbr 36 comments award share download report block
36 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Walked Away – Now We Know Why Read More Ads by Ad.Style IamBACK 33 points 6 days ago Maybe it should be on a T-shirt permalink award report block reply O__Q 10 points 6 days ago I’m going to make my own Tshirts with this right next to Che’s fake courageous pose so every time an idiot leftist says they like my shirt and ask what the other picture is, I repeatedly create opportunities to red pill people to the truth, and then watch as one of their most cherished illusions implodes forever. permalink parent award report block reply RandyQuaidsBeard 26 points 6 days ago Few things make me laugh more than seeing anything obvious fag wearing a Che t-shirt. They seem unaware that he would have had them shot for being so. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 16 points 6 days ago Back in the aughts of 2000, My husband and I came across a guy and his wife on vacation and the guy had a Che shirt on.   My husband brought up that Che was a murderer and terrorist.   The guy really honestly didn't know that.  He though Che was a medical doctor that traveled around to help people and became a communist because there wasn't any universal healthcare.  I kid you not.   I was just amazed by the ignorance but like every commie adjacent useful idiot, there was no telling the guy anything true or real about Che. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 5 days ago “But in the musical Evita, Che was the narrator!” permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Wut? Motorcycle diaries wasn't true?   That can't be.  I'm sure it was TheNews™. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 0 points 6 days ago Che was LAWYER, too, not a doctor. permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 22 points 6 days ago Che and Castro killed a greater proportion of their population than the Nazis did.  You won't see many Hollyweird movies about that though. permalink award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 6 days ago Careful who you believe.  History is written by the victor and not the truth. permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 2 days ago A popular aphorism, but incorrect.  History is written by the survivors, not the victors.  Japanese history books tell a very different story about WWII than ours do permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 2 days ago Who decided on WW2 history?  The survivors or the victors? permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 22 hours ago Read my comment, it was very short.  The survivors, obviously. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago Nazis killed a shitload of people in other countries though and the war that Hitler started alongside his socialist comrade Stalin led to other countries bombing and raping German civilians. Silly stormfag and your not wanting us to notice Hitler and Stalin assfucking each other from 1939-41 during the first phase of WWII. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__Ztie1-v7s permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 11 points 6 days ago Until 1943, Stalin had killed more people than Hitler.  Stalin also went on to kill millions more after WWII.  Mao Tse Tsung even more than that.   The most murders by a 20th century dictator per capita goes to Pol Pot and the khmer Rouge that murdered roughly two thirds of the country of Cambodia, some of them just for wearing glasses. 22 million civilians died in WWII and not all of them were the fault of Nazis.  In the Nazi Concentration camps around 10-12 million people died.  A couple hundred thousand less than six million Jews were killed in the nazi Concentration camps.   The ethnic group that sustained the most murders were the Roma and Sinti gypsies at around 90%.  The religion that sustained the most casualties was not Judaism. It was Jehovah's Witnesses with again, around 90% of them being executed.   Japan also wantonly slaughtered the Chinese especially in an event called the rape of Nanking.  At the time, Jews worked as the support for Japanese by laundering their clothes, cooking meals etc.  They're often called the Shanghai Jews.  In the west, almost nothing is said about the Shanghai Jews acting as support for the Japanese Imperial army.  They're always portrayed as victims and claim they were forced to work for the Japanese.   Jewish holocaust literature does not accept this excuse from those who were forced to participate in Nazi affairs. Stalin, outside of WWII, killed somewhere between 30-40 million people.  Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Eastern Europe and western Russia have not even recovered their population from pre WWI yet.  That is, there were more people living in the Baltics, Balkans and Western Russia in 1910 than there are living there today.  Do you know how many people had to die in order for that to happen?  It's been a hundred years and they are still not at the same population density that they were at the turn of the last century, meaning the 19th. This isn't storm fag stuff.  It's absolutely true. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 5 points 5 days ago Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Rummel put the ChiComs at >75 millions murdered. See here: https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/20TH.HTM Good post. The young heads full of mush who voted for Mandami would seem to be almost wholly ignorant about the history of collectivism. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 4 days ago Thank you!  You're really good on the history of communism and how terrible communism really is. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 -1 points 6 days ago Concentration camps.... You haven't been paying attention lately, have you permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 2 days ago Found the triggered commie snowflake.  Fuck off back to your reddit tranny brigade and take your rainbow butt plug with you permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 11 points 6 days ago I had heard he was killed in a bank robbery but Guevara was summarily executed by a Bolivian army sergeant after he was captured in an ambush leading a group of  communist revolutionaries he had brought into Bolivia a year earlier. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 7 points 6 days ago There's even a famous pic of Che's head after he was shot and the soldiers standing around his corpse. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 4 points 5 days ago My favorite version of that. Ping to u/ESAsher u/artifex_mundi_x u/possibletower permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 3 points 5 days ago lols permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 3 points 5 days ago Any time Che gets a mention I try to post that, I like it so much! He was a murderous piece of shit who came to a well-deserved violent end. permalink parent award report block reply Protonboy 2 points 5 days ago I think it's fake. I can't quite put my finger on it, tho... permalink parent award report block reply artifex_mundi_x 2 points 6 days ago https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1967_Morte_Che_Guevara_photo_by_Freddy_Alborta.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Thank you for sharing that pic! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 5 points 6 days ago Based Bolivian military permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 5 points 6 days ago He looks like he's starving.  😡 permalink award report block reply JudgeMental 2 points 6 days ago Before the "revolution", Cuban farmers  earned more than farmers in Spain, Ireland, Italy and Greece. permalink award report block reply clownworld30330 2 points 6 days ago It’s “last rites”, but yeah, el che was a godless monster. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 1 points 6 days ago Don’t go out on your knees.  If they are going to kill you, take some of them with you if you can.  So long as you’re still drawing breath, don’t stop fighting. permalink award report block reply GreyKnight 1 points 6 days ago Communist are people. There are no rights to give. permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 6 days ago Catholic complicity. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 2 points 5 days ago The priest is not complicit, he's helping the poor man before a death he has no ability to prevent. It's called Christian charity. What would you have him do? Run away and abandon the faithful in their hour of need? The communists in Cuba persecuted priests as well. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago They should make a T Shirt featuring Che’s opinion of gays. permalink award report block reply MinneMAGA 1 points 6 days ago The Pulitzer Prize was credible at one point? permalink award report block reply newdaynewname9 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
IamBACK 33 points 6 days ago Maybe it should be on a T-shirt permalink award report block reply O__Q 10 points 6 days ago I’m going to make my own Tshirts with this right next to Che’s fake courageous pose so every time an idiot leftist says they like my shirt and ask what the other picture is, I repeatedly create opportunities to red pill people to the truth, and then watch as one of their most cherished illusions implodes forever. permalink parent award report block reply
O__Q 10 points 6 days ago I’m going to make my own Tshirts with this right next to Che’s fake courageous pose so every time an idiot leftist says they like my shirt and ask what the other picture is, I repeatedly create opportunities to red pill people to the truth, and then watch as one of their most cherished illusions implodes forever. permalink parent award report block reply
RandyQuaidsBeard 26 points 6 days ago Few things make me laugh more than seeing anything obvious fag wearing a Che t-shirt. They seem unaware that he would have had them shot for being so. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 16 points 6 days ago Back in the aughts of 2000, My husband and I came across a guy and his wife on vacation and the guy had a Che shirt on.   My husband brought up that Che was a murderer and terrorist.   The guy really honestly didn't know that.  He though Che was a medical doctor that traveled around to help people and became a communist because there wasn't any universal healthcare.  I kid you not.   I was just amazed by the ignorance but like every commie adjacent useful idiot, there was no telling the guy anything true or real about Che. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 5 days ago “But in the musical Evita, Che was the narrator!” permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Wut? Motorcycle diaries wasn't true?   That can't be.  I'm sure it was TheNews™. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 0 points 6 days ago Che was LAWYER, too, not a doctor. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 16 points 6 days ago Back in the aughts of 2000, My husband and I came across a guy and his wife on vacation and the guy had a Che shirt on.   My husband brought up that Che was a murderer and terrorist.   The guy really honestly didn't know that.  He though Che was a medical doctor that traveled around to help people and became a communist because there wasn't any universal healthcare.  I kid you not.   I was just amazed by the ignorance but like every commie adjacent useful idiot, there was no telling the guy anything true or real about Che. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 5 days ago “But in the musical Evita, Che was the narrator!” permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Wut? Motorcycle diaries wasn't true?   That can't be.  I'm sure it was TheNews™. permalink parent award report block reply clownworld30330 0 points 6 days ago Che was LAWYER, too, not a doctor. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 5 days ago “But in the musical Evita, Che was the narrator!” permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Wut? Motorcycle diaries wasn't true?   That can't be.  I'm sure it was TheNews™. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Wut? Motorcycle diaries wasn't true?   That can't be.  I'm sure it was TheNews™. permalink parent award report block reply
clownworld30330 0 points 6 days ago Che was LAWYER, too, not a doctor. permalink parent award report block reply
gillonba 22 points 6 days ago Che and Castro killed a greater proportion of their population than the Nazis did.  You won't see many Hollyweird movies about that though. permalink award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 6 days ago Careful who you believe.  History is written by the victor and not the truth. permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 2 days ago A popular aphorism, but incorrect.  History is written by the survivors, not the victors.  Japanese history books tell a very different story about WWII than ours do permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 2 days ago Who decided on WW2 history?  The survivors or the victors? permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 22 hours ago Read my comment, it was very short.  The survivors, obviously. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -3 points 6 days ago Nazis killed a shitload of people in other countries though and the war that Hitler started alongside his socialist comrade Stalin led to other countries bombing and raping German civilians. Silly stormfag and your not wanting us to notice Hitler and Stalin assfucking each other from 1939-41 during the first phase of WWII. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__Ztie1-v7s permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 11 points 6 days ago Until 1943, Stalin had killed more people than Hitler.  Stalin also went on to kill millions more after WWII.  Mao Tse Tsung even more than that.   The most murders by a 20th century dictator per capita goes to Pol Pot and the khmer Rouge that murdered roughly two thirds of the country of Cambodia, some of them just for wearing glasses. 22 million civilians died in WWII and not all of them were the fault of Nazis.  In the Nazi Concentration camps around 10-12 million people died.  A couple hundred thousand less than six million Jews were killed in the nazi Concentration camps.   The ethnic group that sustained the most murders were the Roma and Sinti gypsies at around 90%.  The religion that sustained the most casualties was not Judaism. It was Jehovah's Witnesses with again, around 90% of them being executed.   Japan also wantonly slaughtered the Chinese especially in an event called the rape of Nanking.  At the time, Jews worked as the support for Japanese by laundering their clothes, cooking meals etc.  They're often called the Shanghai Jews.  In the west, almost nothing is said about the Shanghai Jews acting as support for the Japanese Imperial army.  They're always portrayed as victims and claim they were forced to work for the Japanese.   Jewish holocaust literature does not accept this excuse from those who were forced to participate in Nazi affairs. Stalin, outside of WWII, killed somewhere between 30-40 million people.  Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Eastern Europe and western Russia have not even recovered their population from pre WWI yet.  That is, there were more people living in the Baltics, Balkans and Western Russia in 1910 than there are living there today.  Do you know how many people had to die in order for that to happen?  It's been a hundred years and they are still not at the same population density that they were at the turn of the last century, meaning the 19th. This isn't storm fag stuff.  It's absolutely true. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 5 points 5 days ago Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Rummel put the ChiComs at >75 millions murdered. See here: https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/20TH.HTM Good post. The young heads full of mush who voted for Mandami would seem to be almost wholly ignorant about the history of collectivism. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 4 days ago Thank you!  You're really good on the history of communism and how terrible communism really is. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 -1 points 6 days ago Concentration camps.... You haven't been paying attention lately, have you permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 2 days ago Found the triggered commie snowflake.  Fuck off back to your reddit tranny brigade and take your rainbow butt plug with you permalink parent award report block reply
NZbacon 1 points 6 days ago Careful who you believe.  History is written by the victor and not the truth. permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 2 days ago A popular aphorism, but incorrect.  History is written by the survivors, not the victors.  Japanese history books tell a very different story about WWII than ours do permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 2 days ago Who decided on WW2 history?  The survivors or the victors? permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 22 hours ago Read my comment, it was very short.  The survivors, obviously. permalink parent award report block reply
gillonba 1 points 2 days ago A popular aphorism, but incorrect.  History is written by the survivors, not the victors.  Japanese history books tell a very different story about WWII than ours do permalink parent award report block reply NZbacon 1 points 2 days ago Who decided on WW2 history?  The survivors or the victors? permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 22 hours ago Read my comment, it was very short.  The survivors, obviously. permalink parent award report block reply
NZbacon 1 points 2 days ago Who decided on WW2 history?  The survivors or the victors? permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 22 hours ago Read my comment, it was very short.  The survivors, obviously. permalink parent award report block reply
gillonba 1 points 22 hours ago Read my comment, it was very short.  The survivors, obviously. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -3 points 6 days ago Nazis killed a shitload of people in other countries though and the war that Hitler started alongside his socialist comrade Stalin led to other countries bombing and raping German civilians. Silly stormfag and your not wanting us to notice Hitler and Stalin assfucking each other from 1939-41 during the first phase of WWII. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__Ztie1-v7s permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 11 points 6 days ago Until 1943, Stalin had killed more people than Hitler.  Stalin also went on to kill millions more after WWII.  Mao Tse Tsung even more than that.   The most murders by a 20th century dictator per capita goes to Pol Pot and the khmer Rouge that murdered roughly two thirds of the country of Cambodia, some of them just for wearing glasses. 22 million civilians died in WWII and not all of them were the fault of Nazis.  In the Nazi Concentration camps around 10-12 million people died.  A couple hundred thousand less than six million Jews were killed in the nazi Concentration camps.   The ethnic group that sustained the most murders were the Roma and Sinti gypsies at around 90%.  The religion that sustained the most casualties was not Judaism. It was Jehovah's Witnesses with again, around 90% of them being executed.   Japan also wantonly slaughtered the Chinese especially in an event called the rape of Nanking.  At the time, Jews worked as the support for Japanese by laundering their clothes, cooking meals etc.  They're often called the Shanghai Jews.  In the west, almost nothing is said about the Shanghai Jews acting as support for the Japanese Imperial army.  They're always portrayed as victims and claim they were forced to work for the Japanese.   Jewish holocaust literature does not accept this excuse from those who were forced to participate in Nazi affairs. Stalin, outside of WWII, killed somewhere between 30-40 million people.  Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Eastern Europe and western Russia have not even recovered their population from pre WWI yet.  That is, there were more people living in the Baltics, Balkans and Western Russia in 1910 than there are living there today.  Do you know how many people had to die in order for that to happen?  It's been a hundred years and they are still not at the same population density that they were at the turn of the last century, meaning the 19th. This isn't storm fag stuff.  It's absolutely true. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 5 points 5 days ago Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Rummel put the ChiComs at >75 millions murdered. See here: https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/20TH.HTM Good post. The young heads full of mush who voted for Mandami would seem to be almost wholly ignorant about the history of collectivism. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 4 days ago Thank you!  You're really good on the history of communism and how terrible communism really is. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 -1 points 6 days ago Concentration camps.... You haven't been paying attention lately, have you permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 1 points 2 days ago Found the triggered commie snowflake.  Fuck off back to your reddit tranny brigade and take your rainbow butt plug with you permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 11 points 6 days ago Until 1943, Stalin had killed more people than Hitler.  Stalin also went on to kill millions more after WWII.  Mao Tse Tsung even more than that.   The most murders by a 20th century dictator per capita goes to Pol Pot and the khmer Rouge that murdered roughly two thirds of the country of Cambodia, some of them just for wearing glasses. 22 million civilians died in WWII and not all of them were the fault of Nazis.  In the Nazi Concentration camps around 10-12 million people died.  A couple hundred thousand less than six million Jews were killed in the nazi Concentration camps.   The ethnic group that sustained the most murders were the Roma and Sinti gypsies at around 90%.  The religion that sustained the most casualties was not Judaism. It was Jehovah's Witnesses with again, around 90% of them being executed.   Japan also wantonly slaughtered the Chinese especially in an event called the rape of Nanking.  At the time, Jews worked as the support for Japanese by laundering their clothes, cooking meals etc.  They're often called the Shanghai Jews.  In the west, almost nothing is said about the Shanghai Jews acting as support for the Japanese Imperial army.  They're always portrayed as victims and claim they were forced to work for the Japanese.   Jewish holocaust literature does not accept this excuse from those who were forced to participate in Nazi affairs. Stalin, outside of WWII, killed somewhere between 30-40 million people.  Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Eastern Europe and western Russia have not even recovered their population from pre WWI yet.  That is, there were more people living in the Baltics, Balkans and Western Russia in 1910 than there are living there today.  Do you know how many people had to die in order for that to happen?  It's been a hundred years and they are still not at the same population density that they were at the turn of the last century, meaning the 19th. This isn't storm fag stuff.  It's absolutely true. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 5 points 5 days ago Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Rummel put the ChiComs at >75 millions murdered. See here: https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/20TH.HTM Good post. The young heads full of mush who voted for Mandami would seem to be almost wholly ignorant about the history of collectivism. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 4 days ago Thank you!  You're really good on the history of communism and how terrible communism really is. permalink parent award report block reply jonzor82 -1 points 6 days ago Concentration camps.... You haven't been paying attention lately, have you permalink parent award report block reply
TruthyBrat 5 points 5 days ago Mao Tse Tsung killed roughly 50-60 million people but I think the evidence shows it much higher than that. Rummel put the ChiComs at >75 millions murdered. See here: https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/20TH.HTM Good post. The young heads full of mush who voted for Mandami would seem to be almost wholly ignorant about the history of collectivism. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 4 days ago Thank you!  You're really good on the history of communism and how terrible communism really is. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 2 points 4 days ago Thank you!  You're really good on the history of communism and how terrible communism really is. permalink parent award report block reply
jonzor82 -1 points 6 days ago Concentration camps.... You haven't been paying attention lately, have you permalink parent award report block reply
gillonba 1 points 2 days ago Found the triggered commie snowflake.  Fuck off back to your reddit tranny brigade and take your rainbow butt plug with you permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 11 points 6 days ago I had heard he was killed in a bank robbery but Guevara was summarily executed by a Bolivian army sergeant after he was captured in an ambush leading a group of  communist revolutionaries he had brought into Bolivia a year earlier. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 7 points 6 days ago There's even a famous pic of Che's head after he was shot and the soldiers standing around his corpse. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 4 points 5 days ago My favorite version of that. Ping to u/ESAsher u/artifex_mundi_x u/possibletower permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 3 points 5 days ago lols permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 3 points 5 days ago Any time Che gets a mention I try to post that, I like it so much! He was a murderous piece of shit who came to a well-deserved violent end. permalink parent award report block reply Protonboy 2 points 5 days ago I think it's fake. I can't quite put my finger on it, tho... permalink parent award report block reply artifex_mundi_x 2 points 6 days ago https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1967_Morte_Che_Guevara_photo_by_Freddy_Alborta.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Thank you for sharing that pic! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 5 points 6 days ago Based Bolivian military permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 7 points 6 days ago There's even a famous pic of Che's head after he was shot and the soldiers standing around his corpse. permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 4 points 5 days ago My favorite version of that. Ping to u/ESAsher u/artifex_mundi_x u/possibletower permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 3 points 5 days ago lols permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 3 points 5 days ago Any time Che gets a mention I try to post that, I like it so much! He was a murderous piece of shit who came to a well-deserved violent end. permalink parent award report block reply Protonboy 2 points 5 days ago I think it's fake. I can't quite put my finger on it, tho... permalink parent award report block reply artifex_mundi_x 2 points 6 days ago https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1967_Morte_Che_Guevara_photo_by_Freddy_Alborta.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Thank you for sharing that pic! permalink parent award report block reply
TruthyBrat 4 points 5 days ago My favorite version of that. Ping to u/ESAsher u/artifex_mundi_x u/possibletower permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 3 points 5 days ago lols permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 3 points 5 days ago Any time Che gets a mention I try to post that, I like it so much! He was a murderous piece of shit who came to a well-deserved violent end. permalink parent award report block reply Protonboy 2 points 5 days ago I think it's fake. I can't quite put my finger on it, tho... permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 3 points 5 days ago lols permalink parent award report block reply TruthyBrat 3 points 5 days ago Any time Che gets a mention I try to post that, I like it so much! He was a murderous piece of shit who came to a well-deserved violent end. permalink parent award report block reply
TruthyBrat 3 points 5 days ago Any time Che gets a mention I try to post that, I like it so much! He was a murderous piece of shit who came to a well-deserved violent end. permalink parent award report block reply
Protonboy 2 points 5 days ago I think it's fake. I can't quite put my finger on it, tho... permalink parent award report block reply
artifex_mundi_x 2 points 6 days ago https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1967_Morte_Che_Guevara_photo_by_Freddy_Alborta.jpg permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Thank you for sharing that pic! permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 4 days ago Thank you for sharing that pic! permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 5 points 6 days ago Based Bolivian military permalink parent award report block reply
Midsouth 5 points 6 days ago He looks like he's starving.  😡 permalink award report block reply
JudgeMental 2 points 6 days ago Before the "revolution", Cuban farmers  earned more than farmers in Spain, Ireland, Italy and Greece. permalink award report block reply
clownworld30330 2 points 6 days ago It’s “last rites”, but yeah, el che was a godless monster. permalink award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 1 points 6 days ago Don’t go out on your knees.  If they are going to kill you, take some of them with you if you can.  So long as you’re still drawing breath, don’t stop fighting. permalink award report block reply
GreyKnight 1 points 6 days ago Communist are people. There are no rights to give. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 6 days ago Catholic complicity. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 2 points 5 days ago The priest is not complicit, he's helping the poor man before a death he has no ability to prevent. It's called Christian charity. What would you have him do? Run away and abandon the faithful in their hour of need? The communists in Cuba persecuted priests as well. permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 2 points 5 days ago The priest is not complicit, he's helping the poor man before a death he has no ability to prevent. It's called Christian charity. What would you have him do? Run away and abandon the faithful in their hour of need? The communists in Cuba persecuted priests as well. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago They should make a T Shirt featuring Che’s opinion of gays. permalink award report block reply
MinneMAGA 1 points 6 days ago The Pulitzer Prize was credible at one point? permalink award report block reply
newdaynewname9 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply