505 One year ago today, Trump was named winner of Arizona, completing a clean sweep of all 7 swing states posted 3 days ago by couranto 4 comments award share download report block
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 3 days ago That truly was a knife in the heart of the Dem/RINO vote fraud in AZ. It isn't a substitute for the FBI/DOJ prosecutions but it ripped their illusion of control away forever. All that hard work, all that risk, all of that money - and they still could not cheat hard enough. permalink award report block reply FretNoise14 3 points 3 days ago We have a long way to go in AZ.  Hobbs is a major problem, and the two senators from this state are an absolute embarrassment. permalink parent award report block reply Abovethefray 2 points 3 days ago Harris was a truly execrable candidate... those were good days. Now  however;  when are the employers of illegals going to be charged and fined?  Why is that not happening yet? permalink award report block reply Benjovi99 1 points 3 days ago Interesting...it was the first to call BIDEN IN 2020 BUT WHEN ITS TRUMP ITS THE LAST permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 4 points 3 days ago That truly was a knife in the heart of the Dem/RINO vote fraud in AZ. It isn't a substitute for the FBI/DOJ prosecutions but it ripped their illusion of control away forever. All that hard work, all that risk, all of that money - and they still could not cheat hard enough. permalink award report block reply FretNoise14 3 points 3 days ago We have a long way to go in AZ.  Hobbs is a major problem, and the two senators from this state are an absolute embarrassment. permalink parent award report block reply
FretNoise14 3 points 3 days ago We have a long way to go in AZ.  Hobbs is a major problem, and the two senators from this state are an absolute embarrassment. permalink parent award report block reply
Abovethefray 2 points 3 days ago Harris was a truly execrable candidate... those were good days. Now  however;  when are the employers of illegals going to be charged and fined?  Why is that not happening yet? permalink award report block reply
Benjovi99 1 points 3 days ago Interesting...it was the first to call BIDEN IN 2020 BUT WHEN ITS TRUMP ITS THE LAST permalink award report block reply