36 The People’s Republic of China has officially designated and listed all 13 precursors used to make fentanyl. 

Under the leadership of President Trump, America, and the world, are safer. posted 3 hours ago by Eruditio 4 comments award share report block FBI Director Kash Patel @FBIDirectorKash • 5h The People’s Republic of China has officially designated and listed all 13 precursors used to make fentanyl. Under the leadership of President Trump, America, and the world, are safer. Thanks to the great work of our @FBI @TheJusticeDept and @AGPamBondi - American lives will
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save lostmyoldpassword 6 points 3 hours ago Oh thank god, because I haven't seen literal fucking documentaries where people went to China, and synthesized literally every possible drug you could ever think of regardless of the precursors fucking legal designation.  I'm sure this will work just as well as gun free zones.  Good job team. permalink award report block reply magnokor 5 points 3 hours ago They made a shopping list? So the gangs in China and India, which then send it to Mexico and Canada, will know what to make? Maybe ban all the people from those misbehaving places, and most crime will disappear. It will also save the lives of over 100,000 US citizens every year. permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 4 points 3 hours ago Even China does more for America than Pam Bondi and Kash! permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 38 minutes ago Isn't your handler sueing MAGA? permalink award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 6 points 3 hours ago Oh thank god, because I haven't seen literal fucking documentaries where people went to China, and synthesized literally every possible drug you could ever think of regardless of the precursors fucking legal designation.  I'm sure this will work just as well as gun free zones.  Good job team. permalink award report block reply
magnokor 5 points 3 hours ago They made a shopping list? So the gangs in China and India, which then send it to Mexico and Canada, will know what to make? Maybe ban all the people from those misbehaving places, and most crime will disappear. It will also save the lives of over 100,000 US citizens every year. permalink award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 4 points 3 hours ago Even China does more for America than Pam Bondi and Kash! permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 1 points 38 minutes ago Isn't your handler sueing MAGA? permalink award report block reply