877 Senator Angus King: "Standing up to Donald Trump didn't work" posted 2 days ago by hocuspocusfocusjeep 57 comments award share report block unusual_whales @unusual_whales • 2d Senator Angus King: "Standing up to Donald Trump didn't work"
57 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Get_Off_Big_Tech 58 points 2 days ago Their base needs to hear this. permalink award report block reply DebunkTheLeft 39 points 2 days ago Our base needs to hear this also. Finally the R's had some backbone. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 11 points 2 days ago W-w-we w-won? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 11 points 2 days ago I wouldn't say we won.  The whole country lost.  We just blew a crapload of salary for "non essential" employees to have a belated 6 week vacation while getting zero work product.  Millions of people were inconvenienced, or worse, airlines and air travelers lost, etc. The only positive, if we can call it that, is we found out just how many people are on food stamps, many obese land whales who could afford to skip some meals. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 3 points 2 days ago Those people were always going to get their back pay. It's how it always works. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago I don't see how it's a win when the GOP and Trump's starting position is just to continue Biden Era spending. This site was calling Mike Johnson a cuck for going along with so much spending just last year, and here we are demanding more of that spending. It's the same as the left saying they wouldn't take the clot shot when Trump was President and then demanding that stuff right in their veins the second Biden was in office. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago while getting zero work product To be fair, you get the same thing even when they’re at work. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... HumblePepe 1 points 2 days ago LMAO permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 2 days ago Trump doing all the work. What else is new? permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 2 points 2 days ago The backbone only works when it's attached to DJT. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago We had the "backbone" to pass a Biden budget?  We are fucked if we call this a victory. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 2 days ago Their base is voter fraud. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 2 points 2 days ago Feel like this is a dog whistle to say "If you can't stand up to him, you have to end him" permalink parent award report block reply Ralphusthegreatus 1 points 2 days ago They never will. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 30 points 2 days ago You didn't stand up to Trump. You just fucked around. permalink award report block reply Overkillengine 11 points 2 days ago DNC voters need to realize that the entire thing was just a political stunt by the leadership so that they could get a few more party members into office to immediately regress back into doing nothing but collecting paychecks and political favors while pretending to be an opposition party. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 11 points 2 days ago It's funny, even the open communists on twitter realize this and are posting about it. Centrist dem TDS voters are so brain rotted at this point that communists are pointing out the truth to them. It's actually insane. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago The D party demanded EVEN MORE spending.  They had already jacked it up to cartoonish levels, but their modus operandi is to demand more always.  The R party said "no, this much and no more", after already having passed other more spending EVEN MORE themselves.  You understand that they are all just stealing everything that is not nailed down and that we just kept a Biden budget going?  Fuck me we don't deserve nice things if this is what we celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply ConvergenceMan 7 points 2 days ago They aren't the resistance.  They have never been the resistance. They are the monster that needs to be vanquished. permalink parent award report block reply TravisRSCX -3 points 2 days ago They won’t find out though. permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 5 points 2 days ago Fuck off already then, your negative incitement from the armchair is only discouragement. permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 19 points 2 days ago "guess who is getting paid during the shutdown" You and the rest of congress, asshole permalink award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 5 points 2 days ago This!  I couldn't believe my ears when he started bitching about ICE. Bastard has no self-awareness.  (Or, more likely, he does and is just trying to bullshit the simple-minded) permalink parent award report block reply keeman 2 points 2 days ago And they don't care about this piddling little salary.  They are compensated by their handlers.  Do you think Pelosi had any real interest in her $174k salary?  She insider trades for many millions per year.  Nobody goes to Congress for its salary. permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 1 day ago Yeah they make much more campaigning and funneling that money to consulting companies their family owns, selling books (money laundering), and playing the stock markets than doing the actual job. The only ones it matters for are the freshman congressman. But once they get in the game they could give a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply DJT_MFers1 9 points 2 days ago Shut up Anus King. I’d pay money to be an ICE agent permalink award report block reply LaPastillaEscarlata 6 points 2 days ago Joe Tardborough was smelling his own farts during that entire segment. permalink award report block reply GhostOfMyFormerSelf 5 points 2 days ago Bet they smell like Sulphur. permalink parent award report block reply gillonba 5 points 2 days ago Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them! Consider this a promise made, and kept. https://x.com/realdonaldtrump/status/785854588654092290 permalink award report block reply here2red 4 points 2 days ago I always think Burger King when I hear his name permalink award report block reply WeAreFreeAmericans 3 points 2 days ago Congress gets paid as well during gov shutdowns if I'm not mistaken.. permalink award report block reply Justjayce 2 points 2 days ago Damn Straight permalink award report block reply tholinz 2 points 2 days ago Did those assholes really think it would? This is what the DNC needs to understand; they should be thanking god for Trump and working with him to get his middle of the road from 1996 agenda passed. Because there is a massive amount of rage at the establishment building in this country and if they don't bleed off some of it through the most common-sense reforms, what comes next will absolutely uncontrollable. permalink award report block reply Don-O-Mite 1 points 2 days ago Good insight here, Trump is really middle of road.  It feels like extremism to the communist left but when they see real MAGA they will shit themselves. (on the way to prison for their crimes) permalink parent award report block reply DiamondDroid 2 points 2 days ago Maybe if they weren't self serving and evil of intent. Nah, they're still stupid. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 2 days ago Anus King is getting primaried by Harry. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago stand back and stand by permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 2 points 2 days ago Yup, he certainly sounds like an independent guy. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 2 points 2 days ago Caused untold suffering for no reason at all. permalink award report block reply Nothinberder 1 points 2 days ago Art of the Deal. permalink award report block reply Freedom2020 1 points 1 day ago The shut down worked, the Dems got their people in office. Now they are acting like they failed.  Its a con job permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago Biden's budget passed again.  So they the lefties win again.  Maybe when the Rs stop intentionally losing we could start making America great again.  I would say they were "cucked" but that would assume they don't have ill intent.  They are profiting and so I assume ill intent. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 2 days ago Well no. permalink award report block reply AynRand22 1 points 1 day ago Congress is getting paid permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 2 days ago Trump isn't part of congress and it's not his job to make a budget. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago It's time for you to sit down... on a seatless bicycle with an attached spiked dildo. permalink award report block reply WarGreymon77 1 points 2 days ago Real genius idea: "resisting" a very popular president permalink award report block reply ughicanteven 1 points 2 days ago you cant' stump the trump permalink award report block reply Ralphusthegreatus 1 points 2 days ago They wanted the shutdown for the election. Election over, government re-opened. permalink award report block reply YearninNation 1 points 2 days ago Lori Klausutis, a 28-year-old intern who worked for then-Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough, was found dead in his Fort Walton Beach, Florida, district office on July 20, 2001.
The medical examiner concluded that she died from an accidental head injury after losing consciousness due to an undiagnosed heart condition, with no evidence of foul play. Dr. Breland was fired in July 2003 after failing to complete more than 100 autopsy reports between 2001 and 2002. The Florida Medical Examiner’s Commission suspended his license to perform autopsies and fined him $5,000. Prior to working in Florida, he had also lost his medical license in Missouri, which he did not disclose—a fact that later raised questions about his credibility. Dr. Gary Cumberland, Berkland’s immediate supervisor at the time, and his wife did contribute to Scarborough’s 1994 campaign: Dr. Gary Cumberland donated $3,000
Mrs. Cumberland donated $2,607
These contributions were appeared to exceed federal hard money limits, raising questions about potential political influence in the handling of Lori Klausutis’s death permalink award report block reply computer7723 1 points 2 days ago Trump isnt getting paid. He donates all his money. What a gentleman! permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 1 points 2 days ago Fucking faggot. permalink award report block reply ganachain 1 points 1 day ago Colonel Angus permalink award report block reply SurveilThis 1 points 2 days ago Tasted the Trump Curse. permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 2 days ago Angus burger king permalink award report block reply
Get_Off_Big_Tech 58 points 2 days ago Their base needs to hear this. permalink award report block reply DebunkTheLeft 39 points 2 days ago Our base needs to hear this also. Finally the R's had some backbone. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 11 points 2 days ago W-w-we w-won? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 11 points 2 days ago I wouldn't say we won.  The whole country lost.  We just blew a crapload of salary for "non essential" employees to have a belated 6 week vacation while getting zero work product.  Millions of people were inconvenienced, or worse, airlines and air travelers lost, etc. The only positive, if we can call it that, is we found out just how many people are on food stamps, many obese land whales who could afford to skip some meals. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 3 points 2 days ago Those people were always going to get their back pay. It's how it always works. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago I don't see how it's a win when the GOP and Trump's starting position is just to continue Biden Era spending. This site was calling Mike Johnson a cuck for going along with so much spending just last year, and here we are demanding more of that spending. It's the same as the left saying they wouldn't take the clot shot when Trump was President and then demanding that stuff right in their veins the second Biden was in office. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago while getting zero work product To be fair, you get the same thing even when they’re at work. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... HumblePepe 1 points 2 days ago LMAO permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 2 days ago Trump doing all the work. What else is new? permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 2 points 2 days ago The backbone only works when it's attached to DJT. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago We had the "backbone" to pass a Biden budget?  We are fucked if we call this a victory. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 2 days ago Their base is voter fraud. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 2 points 2 days ago Feel like this is a dog whistle to say "If you can't stand up to him, you have to end him" permalink parent award report block reply Ralphusthegreatus 1 points 2 days ago They never will. permalink parent award report block reply
DebunkTheLeft 39 points 2 days ago Our base needs to hear this also. Finally the R's had some backbone. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 11 points 2 days ago W-w-we w-won? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 11 points 2 days ago I wouldn't say we won.  The whole country lost.  We just blew a crapload of salary for "non essential" employees to have a belated 6 week vacation while getting zero work product.  Millions of people were inconvenienced, or worse, airlines and air travelers lost, etc. The only positive, if we can call it that, is we found out just how many people are on food stamps, many obese land whales who could afford to skip some meals. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 3 points 2 days ago Those people were always going to get their back pay. It's how it always works. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago I don't see how it's a win when the GOP and Trump's starting position is just to continue Biden Era spending. This site was calling Mike Johnson a cuck for going along with so much spending just last year, and here we are demanding more of that spending. It's the same as the left saying they wouldn't take the clot shot when Trump was President and then demanding that stuff right in their veins the second Biden was in office. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago while getting zero work product To be fair, you get the same thing even when they’re at work. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... HumblePepe 1 points 2 days ago LMAO permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 2 days ago Trump doing all the work. What else is new? permalink parent award report block reply raptormissle 2 points 2 days ago The backbone only works when it's attached to DJT. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago We had the "backbone" to pass a Biden budget?  We are fucked if we call this a victory. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 11 points 2 days ago W-w-we w-won? permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 11 points 2 days ago I wouldn't say we won.  The whole country lost.  We just blew a crapload of salary for "non essential" employees to have a belated 6 week vacation while getting zero work product.  Millions of people were inconvenienced, or worse, airlines and air travelers lost, etc. The only positive, if we can call it that, is we found out just how many people are on food stamps, many obese land whales who could afford to skip some meals. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 3 points 2 days ago Those people were always going to get their back pay. It's how it always works. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago I don't see how it's a win when the GOP and Trump's starting position is just to continue Biden Era spending. This site was calling Mike Johnson a cuck for going along with so much spending just last year, and here we are demanding more of that spending. It's the same as the left saying they wouldn't take the clot shot when Trump was President and then demanding that stuff right in their veins the second Biden was in office. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago while getting zero work product To be fair, you get the same thing even when they’re at work. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... HumblePepe 1 points 2 days ago LMAO permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 11 points 2 days ago I wouldn't say we won.  The whole country lost.  We just blew a crapload of salary for "non essential" employees to have a belated 6 week vacation while getting zero work product.  Millions of people were inconvenienced, or worse, airlines and air travelers lost, etc. The only positive, if we can call it that, is we found out just how many people are on food stamps, many obese land whales who could afford to skip some meals. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 3 points 2 days ago Those people were always going to get their back pay. It's how it always works. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago I don't see how it's a win when the GOP and Trump's starting position is just to continue Biden Era spending. This site was calling Mike Johnson a cuck for going along with so much spending just last year, and here we are demanding more of that spending. It's the same as the left saying they wouldn't take the clot shot when Trump was President and then demanding that stuff right in their veins the second Biden was in office. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago while getting zero work product To be fair, you get the same thing even when they’re at work. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
tholinz 3 points 2 days ago Those people were always going to get their back pay. It's how it always works. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 2 points 1 day ago I don't see how it's a win when the GOP and Trump's starting position is just to continue Biden Era spending. This site was calling Mike Johnson a cuck for going along with so much spending just last year, and here we are demanding more of that spending. It's the same as the left saying they wouldn't take the clot shot when Trump was President and then demanding that stuff right in their veins the second Biden was in office. permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago while getting zero work product To be fair, you get the same thing even when they’re at work. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
HumblePepe 1 points 2 days ago LMAO permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 3 points 2 days ago Trump doing all the work. What else is new? permalink parent award report block reply
raptormissle 2 points 2 days ago The backbone only works when it's attached to DJT. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 1 points 2 days ago We had the "backbone" to pass a Biden budget?  We are fucked if we call this a victory. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 3 points 2 days ago Their base is voter fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
StoneRealist 2 points 2 days ago Feel like this is a dog whistle to say "If you can't stand up to him, you have to end him" permalink parent award report block reply
Ralphusthegreatus 1 points 2 days ago They never will. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 30 points 2 days ago You didn't stand up to Trump. You just fucked around. permalink award report block reply Overkillengine 11 points 2 days ago DNC voters need to realize that the entire thing was just a political stunt by the leadership so that they could get a few more party members into office to immediately regress back into doing nothing but collecting paychecks and political favors while pretending to be an opposition party. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 11 points 2 days ago It's funny, even the open communists on twitter realize this and are posting about it. Centrist dem TDS voters are so brain rotted at this point that communists are pointing out the truth to them. It's actually insane. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago The D party demanded EVEN MORE spending.  They had already jacked it up to cartoonish levels, but their modus operandi is to demand more always.  The R party said "no, this much and no more", after already having passed other more spending EVEN MORE themselves.  You understand that they are all just stealing everything that is not nailed down and that we just kept a Biden budget going?  Fuck me we don't deserve nice things if this is what we celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply ConvergenceMan 7 points 2 days ago They aren't the resistance.  They have never been the resistance. They are the monster that needs to be vanquished. permalink parent award report block reply TravisRSCX -3 points 2 days ago They won’t find out though. permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 5 points 2 days ago Fuck off already then, your negative incitement from the armchair is only discouragement. permalink parent award report block reply
Overkillengine 11 points 2 days ago DNC voters need to realize that the entire thing was just a political stunt by the leadership so that they could get a few more party members into office to immediately regress back into doing nothing but collecting paychecks and political favors while pretending to be an opposition party. permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 11 points 2 days ago It's funny, even the open communists on twitter realize this and are posting about it. Centrist dem TDS voters are so brain rotted at this point that communists are pointing out the truth to them. It's actually insane. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago The D party demanded EVEN MORE spending.  They had already jacked it up to cartoonish levels, but their modus operandi is to demand more always.  The R party said "no, this much and no more", after already having passed other more spending EVEN MORE themselves.  You understand that they are all just stealing everything that is not nailed down and that we just kept a Biden budget going?  Fuck me we don't deserve nice things if this is what we celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 11 points 2 days ago It's funny, even the open communists on twitter realize this and are posting about it. Centrist dem TDS voters are so brain rotted at this point that communists are pointing out the truth to them. It's actually insane. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 1 points 2 days ago The D party demanded EVEN MORE spending.  They had already jacked it up to cartoonish levels, but their modus operandi is to demand more always.  The R party said "no, this much and no more", after already having passed other more spending EVEN MORE themselves.  You understand that they are all just stealing everything that is not nailed down and that we just kept a Biden budget going?  Fuck me we don't deserve nice things if this is what we celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply
ConvergenceMan 7 points 2 days ago They aren't the resistance.  They have never been the resistance. They are the monster that needs to be vanquished. permalink parent award report block reply
TravisRSCX -3 points 2 days ago They won’t find out though. permalink parent award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 5 points 2 days ago Fuck off already then, your negative incitement from the armchair is only discouragement. permalink parent award report block reply
darkmodeforgotpass 5 points 2 days ago Fuck off already then, your negative incitement from the armchair is only discouragement. permalink parent award report block reply
IvIA6A 19 points 2 days ago "guess who is getting paid during the shutdown" You and the rest of congress, asshole permalink award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 5 points 2 days ago This!  I couldn't believe my ears when he started bitching about ICE. Bastard has no self-awareness.  (Or, more likely, he does and is just trying to bullshit the simple-minded) permalink parent award report block reply keeman 2 points 2 days ago And they don't care about this piddling little salary.  They are compensated by their handlers.  Do you think Pelosi had any real interest in her $174k salary?  She insider trades for many millions per year.  Nobody goes to Congress for its salary. permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 1 day ago Yeah they make much more campaigning and funneling that money to consulting companies their family owns, selling books (money laundering), and playing the stock markets than doing the actual job. The only ones it matters for are the freshman congressman. But once they get in the game they could give a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply
Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 5 points 2 days ago This!  I couldn't believe my ears when he started bitching about ICE. Bastard has no self-awareness.  (Or, more likely, he does and is just trying to bullshit the simple-minded) permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 2 points 2 days ago And they don't care about this piddling little salary.  They are compensated by their handlers.  Do you think Pelosi had any real interest in her $174k salary?  She insider trades for many millions per year.  Nobody goes to Congress for its salary. permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 1 day ago Yeah they make much more campaigning and funneling that money to consulting companies their family owns, selling books (money laundering), and playing the stock markets than doing the actual job. The only ones it matters for are the freshman congressman. But once they get in the game they could give a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply
IvIA6A 1 points 1 day ago Yeah they make much more campaigning and funneling that money to consulting companies their family owns, selling books (money laundering), and playing the stock markets than doing the actual job. The only ones it matters for are the freshman congressman. But once they get in the game they could give a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply
DJT_MFers1 9 points 2 days ago Shut up Anus King. I’d pay money to be an ICE agent permalink award report block reply
LaPastillaEscarlata 6 points 2 days ago Joe Tardborough was smelling his own farts during that entire segment. permalink award report block reply GhostOfMyFormerSelf 5 points 2 days ago Bet they smell like Sulphur. permalink parent award report block reply
GhostOfMyFormerSelf 5 points 2 days ago Bet they smell like Sulphur. permalink parent award report block reply
gillonba 5 points 2 days ago Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them! Consider this a promise made, and kept. https://x.com/realdonaldtrump/status/785854588654092290 permalink award report block reply
here2red 4 points 2 days ago I always think Burger King when I hear his name permalink award report block reply
WeAreFreeAmericans 3 points 2 days ago Congress gets paid as well during gov shutdowns if I'm not mistaken.. permalink award report block reply
Justjayce 2 points 2 days ago Damn Straight permalink award report block reply
tholinz 2 points 2 days ago Did those assholes really think it would? This is what the DNC needs to understand; they should be thanking god for Trump and working with him to get his middle of the road from 1996 agenda passed. Because there is a massive amount of rage at the establishment building in this country and if they don't bleed off some of it through the most common-sense reforms, what comes next will absolutely uncontrollable. permalink award report block reply Don-O-Mite 1 points 2 days ago Good insight here, Trump is really middle of road.  It feels like extremism to the communist left but when they see real MAGA they will shit themselves. (on the way to prison for their crimes) permalink parent award report block reply
Don-O-Mite 1 points 2 days ago Good insight here, Trump is really middle of road.  It feels like extremism to the communist left but when they see real MAGA they will shit themselves. (on the way to prison for their crimes) permalink parent award report block reply
DiamondDroid 2 points 2 days ago Maybe if they weren't self serving and evil of intent. Nah, they're still stupid. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 2 days ago Anus King is getting primaried by Harry. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago stand back and stand by permalink award report block reply
bill_in_texas 2 points 2 days ago Yup, he certainly sounds like an independent guy. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 2 points 2 days ago Caused untold suffering for no reason at all. permalink award report block reply
Nothinberder 1 points 2 days ago Art of the Deal. permalink award report block reply
Freedom2020 1 points 1 day ago The shut down worked, the Dems got their people in office. Now they are acting like they failed.  Its a con job permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 2 days ago Biden's budget passed again.  So they the lefties win again.  Maybe when the Rs stop intentionally losing we could start making America great again.  I would say they were "cucked" but that would assume they don't have ill intent.  They are profiting and so I assume ill intent. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 2 days ago Well no. permalink award report block reply
AynRand22 1 points 1 day ago Congress is getting paid permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 1 points 2 days ago Trump isn't part of congress and it's not his job to make a budget. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago It's time for you to sit down... on a seatless bicycle with an attached spiked dildo. permalink award report block reply
WarGreymon77 1 points 2 days ago Real genius idea: "resisting" a very popular president permalink award report block reply
ughicanteven 1 points 2 days ago you cant' stump the trump permalink award report block reply
Ralphusthegreatus 1 points 2 days ago They wanted the shutdown for the election. Election over, government re-opened. permalink award report block reply
YearninNation 1 points 2 days ago Lori Klausutis, a 28-year-old intern who worked for then-Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough, was found dead in his Fort Walton Beach, Florida, district office on July 20, 2001.
The medical examiner concluded that she died from an accidental head injury after losing consciousness due to an undiagnosed heart condition, with no evidence of foul play. Dr. Breland was fired in July 2003 after failing to complete more than 100 autopsy reports between 2001 and 2002. The Florida Medical Examiner’s Commission suspended his license to perform autopsies and fined him $5,000. Prior to working in Florida, he had also lost his medical license in Missouri, which he did not disclose—a fact that later raised questions about his credibility. Dr. Gary Cumberland, Berkland’s immediate supervisor at the time, and his wife did contribute to Scarborough’s 1994 campaign: Dr. Gary Cumberland donated $3,000
Mrs. Cumberland donated $2,607
These contributions were appeared to exceed federal hard money limits, raising questions about potential political influence in the handling of Lori Klausutis’s death permalink award report block reply
computer7723 1 points 2 days ago Trump isnt getting paid. He donates all his money. What a gentleman! permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 1 points 2 days ago Fucking faggot. permalink award report block reply
ganachain 1 points 1 day ago Colonel Angus permalink award report block reply
SurveilThis 1 points 2 days ago Tasted the Trump Curse. permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 2 days ago Angus burger king permalink award report block reply