696 Simple. posted 2 hours ago by Looniz74 PRO 30 comments award share report block C3 @C_3C_3 • 3h If you are against the Trump Admin auditing your voter rolls illegals are voting. 9 states have refused to send voter data. If you are against the Trump Admin auditing your SNAP data illegals are getting it. 21 states have refused to send SNAP data. Simple.
30 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TheRedPilledArtist 37 points 2 hours ago Cut funding to those states until they comply. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 15 points 2 hours ago With a stroke of a key on a keyboard. Same can be done with all of these people receiving benefits illegally. They have the data ,why the inaction? permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 9 points 2 hours ago The same reason why one didn't want to show their mom or dad the F on their test paper.  Consequences. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 2 hours ago Problem is the states cant transform the report card F into a B. Kids these days will never understand what it was like 😆 permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 5 points 2 hours ago Well in those states defense, a lot of them consist of people of color who we all know have no kinko's in their hood and no means of going online.. So actually getting that data for many of them is a lot more of a chore than you may think. It's difficult yo permalink parent award report block reply guns_and_butter 3 points 2 hours ago Actually Trump through the SEC can suspend the trading of those state bonds and even get granular to the municipal level if they fail to comply.  He can even have the SEC suspend trading of bond funds that contain the state bonds failing to comply. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 29 minutes ago Arrest every state official that refuses to turn over data. Repeat as necessary. permalink parent award report block reply Female 8 points 2 hours ago I pray that we will have a news media this year that can effectively report this to the elderly and the 7 million government workers. amen. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 0 points 2 hours ago God doesn't support this evil, faithless, anti-Christian government. He's not picking sides in this fucking clown show. I pray you'll wake tf up. permalink parent award report block reply Female 4 points 2 hours ago For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. is this in Peter, or John? President Trump is a believer so lay off of him.  God is the God of judgment, so how can you say that He doesn't pick sides? permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 6 points 2 hours ago Bet Minnesota is one of the states permalink award report block reply StrongIsland 4 points 2 hours ago YUP. California, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, New Hampshire, and Pennsylvania were sued by the DOJ in September 2025 for refusing to hand over sensitive voter registration data, including personal information such as addresses, driver’s license numbers, and partial Social Security numbers. In addition to these six, Maine and Oregon were also sued earlier for similar refusals, bringing the total to eight states formally challenged in court. Arizona, while not yet sued, has also firmly rejected the DOJ’s data demands, with its secretary of state warning they may be next. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 2 points 1 hour ago Arizona SofS is a treasonous faggot. permalink parent award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 3 points 1 hour ago I married one. They absolutely get Medicaid and SNAP.
When some liberal cunt wants to tell me illegals are not eligible for medicaid, sure that's great and they shouldn't be, but they are and there is no debating that. permalink award report block reply RogueLeaderX 3 points 2 hours ago What are the 9 states refusing to send data? permalink award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 7 points 2 hours ago California, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, Oregon, and Pennsylvania. The commie states. Nothing surprising here. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 3 points 1 hour ago Commie?  You misspelled treasonous. permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 2 points 2 hours ago So refuse to send snap money permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 2 points 1 hour ago Make everyone reapply if they seem suspicious or else they are cut off in 3 months.   If they still qualify they get a bonus 500 doallr cash card no restrictions on use. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 2 points 51 minutes ago Government, is a Crime Scene. permalink award report block reply DCYR66 2 points 1 hour ago Cut off all federal funding to those states! permalink award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 2 hours ago Simple: Proper puntuation. permalink award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 2 points 2 hours ago Many of those states have legalized recreational pot despite it still being federally illegal. Would be a shame if Trump’s DEA stopped looking a blind eye at all that, you know, as leverage. permalink award report block reply Flataxandmaga 4 points 1 hour ago Hell, the weed dispensaries are already suffering because snap money is not flying around. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 hours ago Remember what they told us to sell us The Patriot Act? "If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear." permalink award report block reply Looniz74 OP PRO 2 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1988945711350837741?s=20 permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 9 minutes ago This would tell a normal Attorney General where to focus their energy, but we have Bondi and Patel, so once again nothing will happen. I am sure Republicans are preparing a strongly worded letter as we speak. permalink award report block reply Anyone 1 points 7 minutes ago 💯 % correct.  Using legal tax payers dollars to pay for illegally funded voters.  The pedodemonrat way. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 4 minutes ago We all know asking for this information is Racist.! permalink award report block reply Animalocity 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 37 points 2 hours ago Cut funding to those states until they comply. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 15 points 2 hours ago With a stroke of a key on a keyboard. Same can be done with all of these people receiving benefits illegally. They have the data ,why the inaction? permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 9 points 2 hours ago The same reason why one didn't want to show their mom or dad the F on their test paper.  Consequences. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 2 hours ago Problem is the states cant transform the report card F into a B. Kids these days will never understand what it was like 😆 permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 5 points 2 hours ago Well in those states defense, a lot of them consist of people of color who we all know have no kinko's in their hood and no means of going online.. So actually getting that data for many of them is a lot more of a chore than you may think. It's difficult yo permalink parent award report block reply guns_and_butter 3 points 2 hours ago Actually Trump through the SEC can suspend the trading of those state bonds and even get granular to the municipal level if they fail to comply.  He can even have the SEC suspend trading of bond funds that contain the state bonds failing to comply. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 29 minutes ago Arrest every state official that refuses to turn over data. Repeat as necessary. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 15 points 2 hours ago With a stroke of a key on a keyboard. Same can be done with all of these people receiving benefits illegally. They have the data ,why the inaction? permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 9 points 2 hours ago The same reason why one didn't want to show their mom or dad the F on their test paper.  Consequences. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 2 hours ago Problem is the states cant transform the report card F into a B. Kids these days will never understand what it was like 😆 permalink parent award report block reply
ReturnOfSmarm 9 points 2 hours ago The same reason why one didn't want to show their mom or dad the F on their test paper.  Consequences. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 2 hours ago Problem is the states cant transform the report card F into a B. Kids these days will never understand what it was like 😆 permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 6 points 2 hours ago Problem is the states cant transform the report card F into a B. Kids these days will never understand what it was like 😆 permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches 5 points 2 hours ago Well in those states defense, a lot of them consist of people of color who we all know have no kinko's in their hood and no means of going online.. So actually getting that data for many of them is a lot more of a chore than you may think. It's difficult yo permalink parent award report block reply
guns_and_butter 3 points 2 hours ago Actually Trump through the SEC can suspend the trading of those state bonds and even get granular to the municipal level if they fail to comply.  He can even have the SEC suspend trading of bond funds that contain the state bonds failing to comply. permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 29 minutes ago Arrest every state official that refuses to turn over data. Repeat as necessary. permalink parent award report block reply
Female 8 points 2 hours ago I pray that we will have a news media this year that can effectively report this to the elderly and the 7 million government workers. amen. permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 0 points 2 hours ago God doesn't support this evil, faithless, anti-Christian government. He's not picking sides in this fucking clown show. I pray you'll wake tf up. permalink parent award report block reply Female 4 points 2 hours ago For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. is this in Peter, or John? President Trump is a believer so lay off of him.  God is the God of judgment, so how can you say that He doesn't pick sides? permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 0 points 2 hours ago God doesn't support this evil, faithless, anti-Christian government. He's not picking sides in this fucking clown show. I pray you'll wake tf up. permalink parent award report block reply Female 4 points 2 hours ago For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. is this in Peter, or John? President Trump is a believer so lay off of him.  God is the God of judgment, so how can you say that He doesn't pick sides? permalink parent award report block reply
Female 4 points 2 hours ago For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator. is this in Peter, or John? President Trump is a believer so lay off of him.  God is the God of judgment, so how can you say that He doesn't pick sides? permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 6 points 2 hours ago Bet Minnesota is one of the states permalink award report block reply StrongIsland 4 points 2 hours ago YUP. California, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, New Hampshire, and Pennsylvania were sued by the DOJ in September 2025 for refusing to hand over sensitive voter registration data, including personal information such as addresses, driver’s license numbers, and partial Social Security numbers. In addition to these six, Maine and Oregon were also sued earlier for similar refusals, bringing the total to eight states formally challenged in court. Arizona, while not yet sued, has also firmly rejected the DOJ’s data demands, with its secretary of state warning they may be next. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 2 points 1 hour ago Arizona SofS is a treasonous faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
StrongIsland 4 points 2 hours ago YUP. California, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, New Hampshire, and Pennsylvania were sued by the DOJ in September 2025 for refusing to hand over sensitive voter registration data, including personal information such as addresses, driver’s license numbers, and partial Social Security numbers. In addition to these six, Maine and Oregon were also sued earlier for similar refusals, bringing the total to eight states formally challenged in court. Arizona, while not yet sued, has also firmly rejected the DOJ’s data demands, with its secretary of state warning they may be next. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 2 points 1 hour ago Arizona SofS is a treasonous faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
Bramage 2 points 1 hour ago Arizona SofS is a treasonous faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
sod_off_shotgun 3 points 1 hour ago I married one. They absolutely get Medicaid and SNAP.
When some liberal cunt wants to tell me illegals are not eligible for medicaid, sure that's great and they shouldn't be, but they are and there is no debating that. permalink award report block reply
RogueLeaderX 3 points 2 hours ago What are the 9 states refusing to send data? permalink award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 7 points 2 hours ago California, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, Oregon, and Pennsylvania. The commie states. Nothing surprising here. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 3 points 1 hour ago Commie?  You misspelled treasonous. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 7 points 2 hours ago California, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, Oregon, and Pennsylvania. The commie states. Nothing surprising here. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 3 points 1 hour ago Commie?  You misspelled treasonous. permalink parent award report block reply
Bramage 3 points 1 hour ago Commie?  You misspelled treasonous. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkchop-express 2 points 2 hours ago So refuse to send snap money permalink award report block reply
BruddahIz 2 points 1 hour ago Make everyone reapply if they seem suspicious or else they are cut off in 3 months.   If they still qualify they get a bonus 500 doallr cash card no restrictions on use. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 2 points 51 minutes ago Government, is a Crime Scene. permalink award report block reply
DCYR66 2 points 1 hour ago Cut off all federal funding to those states! permalink award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 2 hours ago Simple: Proper puntuation. permalink award report block reply
POTUS_DonnieJ 2 points 2 hours ago Many of those states have legalized recreational pot despite it still being federally illegal. Would be a shame if Trump’s DEA stopped looking a blind eye at all that, you know, as leverage. permalink award report block reply Flataxandmaga 4 points 1 hour ago Hell, the weed dispensaries are already suffering because snap money is not flying around. permalink parent award report block reply
Flataxandmaga 4 points 1 hour ago Hell, the weed dispensaries are already suffering because snap money is not flying around. permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 2 points 2 hours ago Remember what they told us to sell us The Patriot Act? "If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear." permalink award report block reply
Looniz74 OP PRO 2 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1988945711350837741?s=20 permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 9 minutes ago This would tell a normal Attorney General where to focus their energy, but we have Bondi and Patel, so once again nothing will happen. I am sure Republicans are preparing a strongly worded letter as we speak. permalink award report block reply
Anyone 1 points 7 minutes ago 💯 % correct.  Using legal tax payers dollars to pay for illegally funded voters.  The pedodemonrat way. permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 4 minutes ago We all know asking for this information is Racist.! permalink award report block reply
Animalocity 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply