77 "BANNON: Now you’ve got Bessent and a whole new crew saying it’s just temp training, specific industries, a couple years. The H1B scam is indentured servitude, competing against Americans for lower wages. We have 12M STEM workers sidelined. That’s a national tragedy. We don’t need foreigners" posted 2 hours ago by bleeje 11 comments award share report block Grace Chong, MBI @gc22gc • 2h BANNON: Now you’ve got Bessent and a whole new crew saying it’s just temp training, specific industries, a couple years. The H1B scam is indentured servitude, competing against Americans for lower wages. We have 12M STEM workers sidelined. That’s a national tragedy. We don’t need
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style GA_Logic 9 points 1 hour ago The quagmire we are seeing is you can not be heavily for H1B and then at the same time allow these foreign student to use the US education system. If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 38 minutes ago It's all about ending the middle class once And for all. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 18 minutes ago If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. And if our massively overpriced education system isn't good enough then we all deserve refunds. permalink parent award report block reply GeorgeBailey 7 points 1 hour ago India Prime Minister Modi stated publicly that he wants more India citizens infesting western countries and taking away jobs. Trump knows this. Trump is following Modi’s orders, but why? permalink award report block reply SneakyPete 6 points 1 hour ago Cuz he's running it like a business rather than a country. Not maga, and I feel disrespected for my countrymen. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 1 points 9 minutes ago Because then he thinks he can get a sweet trade deal done that will be dropped like a gay man in the Middle East once Trump is out of office permalink parent award report block reply Trajano 2 points 25 minutes ago We don't need any H-1B visa workers; we have plenty of talent here. permalink award report block reply CommieCrats 2 points 47 minutes ago A temporary government program you say? Vice president Vivek Swampy? permalink award report block reply Cakes4077 2 points 11 minutes ago Don’t forget the chain immigration permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 2 points 10 minutes ago There is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 2 points 39 minutes ago I hope the GOP gets body slammed in the mid terms and they impeach and arrest trump. permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 1 minute ago I don’t care how “short term” it may be I want NONE of it permalink award report block reply 42rle 1 points 7 minutes ago I’ve lost so many jobs and had my pay reduced because of this shit. permalink award report block reply
GA_Logic 9 points 1 hour ago The quagmire we are seeing is you can not be heavily for H1B and then at the same time allow these foreign student to use the US education system. If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 38 minutes ago It's all about ending the middle class once And for all. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 18 minutes ago If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. And if our massively overpriced education system isn't good enough then we all deserve refunds. permalink parent award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 3 points 38 minutes ago It's all about ending the middle class once And for all. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 2 points 18 minutes ago If the US education system is good enough then it is good enough to hire US citizens that graduate from the US education system. And if our massively overpriced education system isn't good enough then we all deserve refunds. permalink parent award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 7 points 1 hour ago India Prime Minister Modi stated publicly that he wants more India citizens infesting western countries and taking away jobs. Trump knows this. Trump is following Modi’s orders, but why? permalink award report block reply SneakyPete 6 points 1 hour ago Cuz he's running it like a business rather than a country. Not maga, and I feel disrespected for my countrymen. permalink parent award report block reply Cakes4077 1 points 9 minutes ago Because then he thinks he can get a sweet trade deal done that will be dropped like a gay man in the Middle East once Trump is out of office permalink parent award report block reply
SneakyPete 6 points 1 hour ago Cuz he's running it like a business rather than a country. Not maga, and I feel disrespected for my countrymen. permalink parent award report block reply
Cakes4077 1 points 9 minutes ago Because then he thinks he can get a sweet trade deal done that will be dropped like a gay man in the Middle East once Trump is out of office permalink parent award report block reply
Trajano 2 points 25 minutes ago We don't need any H-1B visa workers; we have plenty of talent here. permalink award report block reply
CommieCrats 2 points 47 minutes ago A temporary government program you say? Vice president Vivek Swampy? permalink award report block reply
Cakes4077 2 points 11 minutes ago Don’t forget the chain immigration permalink award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 2 points 10 minutes ago There is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program. permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 2 points 39 minutes ago I hope the GOP gets body slammed in the mid terms and they impeach and arrest trump. permalink award report block reply
Wrexxis780 1 points 1 minute ago I don’t care how “short term” it may be I want NONE of it permalink award report block reply
42rle 1 points 7 minutes ago I’ve lost so many jobs and had my pay reduced because of this shit. permalink award report block reply