1126 Today Zelenskyy imposed sanctions against the head of the Constitutional Court.

All this should be enough to stop European and U.S. aid to Ukraine. posted 2 days ago by Royall 93 comments award share download report block
93 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Viewer01 53 points 2 days ago I will never understand how a million white men decided to walk into a Russian buzzsaw for this faggot Jew. It is beyond comprehension how he has not been drowned in a bathtub by someone. Ukraine is done. They’re going to get carved up like a turkey once Russia and nato get done with them. permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 18 points 2 days ago I will never understand how a million white men decided to walk into a Russian buzzsaw for this faggot Jew Zelensky’s Azov nazis are only too happy to throw any Slavic Christian males who don’t want to fight into the meat grinder. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 9 points 2 days ago maybe at the start of the war they signed up, they don't have much of a choice when it turned conscription permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago Armed men have plenty of choices. permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree 4 points 2 days ago George Soros brags about brainwashing Ukraine... permalink parent award report block reply HumphreyPlowjogger 4 points 2 days ago Forced conscription. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 2 days ago I think the more amazing thing were the Redditors who traveled to merc for Ukraine. ..And then promptly died like the retards they were. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 2 days ago Is this why preddit is mostly bots now?  And can we send all our libtards to die there? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Weird, you're downvoted. But no, Reddit is mostly bots because it ejected most of its user base for wrong think, and so the ratio of astroturfing that was always there -- encouraged by Spez -- is now a greater majority than it was prior. permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments... MeMargie 15 points 2 days ago Truth Phobia is Global  :) permalink award report block reply PapaPepe 12 points 2 days ago He canceled elections. He's already an illegitimate dictator permalink award report block reply OrangeElvis 4 points 2 days ago We know that, but TECHNICALLY his supporters had constitutional cover, supposedly.  However, this news basically blows that argument into the dumpster.  I admit to just being apathetic to it all for awhile now - too much going on over here to be focused on and concerned with to spend time and energy tracking that clooster fookus.  I just hope when the dust clears, it becomes apparent how evil Ukraine was leading up to and during all of this.  Russia are corrupt shitheads, too - but Ukraine was worse for the simple fact they were a key player in the leftist globalists machinations. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 0 points 2 days ago How does this news blow that argument "into the dumpster"? permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 2 points 2 days ago Because he has violated their Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 1 points 5 hours ago How? permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -4 points 2 days ago All true, but does one nation being even more corrupt than the other means they should get to take over their territory?!? permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago The taken over oblasts are 80 or 90% Russian speakers who voted to secede and become party of Russia. Russia demanded two things from Cocainsky: 1.Stop murdering Russian-Ukrainians in the east. He murdered about 14K from his first day in office to 2022. Don't join NATO. Just stay neutral like Switzerland. Fucking retard Cocainsky FAFO. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago None of that can reasonably be assigned to any foreign entity. It would be like Mexico running elections in our border States. The narrative of "murdering Russian speakers" bypasses the fact that it was happening both ways i.e. civil war. Russia gets no say over which Country would like to not be subjugated under Russian tyranny again, via joining the only military alliance that has ever existed for that express purpose. The propaganda you're regurgitating is braindead to the extreme, shame on you for not seeing through it. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... OrangeElvis 0 points 2 days ago If the population of the areas taken over are historically and culturally Russian and want to be a part of Russia again, sure. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago To hell with National sovereignty then. And while you're at it, signing international treaties is also meaningless. And just give CA AZ NM and TX to Mexico. Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... NoticesBugleOWO 0 points 2 days ago No he didn't. They're not allowed to have elections while under martial law, which the legislative body enacted. permalink parent award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -7 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago Oh no! The actual truth! This will hurt Russia so it must be suppressed! permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 11 points 2 days ago The longer he keeps the war going the more money he can steal, and the longer he can stay in power with suspended elections. permalink award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -6 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 6 points 2 days ago That would be the Biden administration yeah? Sonofabitch permalink parent award report block reply NutPsaki 4 points 2 days ago This spam has nothing to do with his comment permalink parent award report block reply thisisatestof2 8 points 2 days ago Trump gets democratically elected with both the popular vote in the electoral college and the left screams is a king. Meanwhile, they worship the guy who’s literally suspended all sorts of constitutional rights to remain in power. permalink award report block reply FlyCatcher94 6 points 2 days ago Then we should confiscate the land he bought in Wyoming. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 5 points 2 days ago deport Zelenskyy permalink award report block reply Ikon 5 points 2 days ago To the bottom of the ocean? permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 2 days ago anchor baby? permalink parent award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -9 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply HalfBreedSupremacist 5 points 2 days ago What happened to the left's No Kings? permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago They were referring to Christ Jesus, who is King. permalink parent award report block reply hoodar 5 points 2 days ago He's a cross dressing weirdo that performs gay dancing tendencies. permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 3 points 2 days ago I think there are laws in Europe that require all jewish entertainers to cross dress.  Well, at least it seems that way. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 2 days ago It’s a cultural imperative. permalink parent award report block reply MAG-n-KAG 5 points 2 days ago Zelensky is playing Trump for a fool permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago President Trump is quickly making it “his” war. He should have cut the anti-White, anti-Christ nazis in the Ukraine off on day one. permalink parent award report block reply Tyndel -6 points 2 days ago Ukraine is more white and more Christian then Russia.  Find a new line. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago Sure, the Ukraine is. But is Azov, which is the group I was criticizing? They’ve shown such respect for the Orthodox church… permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Retarded bullshit! Cocainsky is doing his best to wipe out Christainity in Ukraine. permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree 4 points 2 days ago Link: https://x.com/Panchenko_X/status/1987598393330532835 https://nitter.net/Panchenko_X/status/1987598393330532835 permalink award report block reply OldZilla 4 points 2 days ago Ladybug Lindsey enters the chat... permalink award report block reply Bldg_2019 4 points 2 days ago Every moronic “no kangz” cunt on the internet are also huge simps for this jew fag who suspended elections to stay in power and is prosecuting church leaders. Funny how that works. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 3 points 2 days ago How is Zelensky any better than Putin?  Remember the big accusation against Putin that kicked off this whole thing was that Putin was poisoning dissidents in western Europe.   How is what Zelensky doing any different? permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 2 days ago Is Putin being bankrolled by the US taxpayer? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 2 days ago We shouldn't be backing him.  He's doing everything that the deep state has said Putin is doing. permalink parent award report block reply phro 3 points 2 days ago No kings A few kings. permalink award report block reply Wingnuttery 3 points 2 days ago Well, I mean, I'd like to see Trump slap around some fed judges.  But yeah...we shouldnt ever have been involved in UKR. permalink award report block reply SaltyTitties4 2 points 2 days ago Don’t care.  How about we focus on the traitors and treason in our own country. permalink award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 2 days ago This is not my country I don’t care. permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Are you fucking retarded? Or a solipsist with MPS? That fucking dwarf has tried to pull us into WWIII with Russia, has taken half a trillion in American support and donations, and used the MSM to forcefeed gullible Americans into thinking Russia is the bad guy, but you--you fucking retard--don't care? Tell us what do you care about? Monster truck pulls? NASCAR? permalink parent award report block reply MythArcana 2 points 2 days ago What's that about No Kings again? Right. permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 2 points 2 days ago How could Zelensky, a Slav and an Orthodox Christian, do this to his mother country and to his own people? permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 2 points 2 days ago Who the fuck cares?  If the EU wants to spend money on wars, that is up to them.  If they want to spend their money for our weapons, our stores are open, as they had been for hundreds of years.  Not our problem. permalink award report block reply deleted 4 points 2 days ago ParadigmShift2070 2 points 2 days ago if EU cared they would have stopped buying Russian energy permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 1 points 2 days ago There has been no new aid passed by congress since before the Trump administration.  Any attempt to add more has failed.  There is about $50B in aid already passed that has not been distributed, but given the direct language of the bills, there is little Trump can do about it.  Most of it is waiting on US manufacturers who will get the money in the future when they BACKFILL old shit we already sent to Ukraine.  The truth is MOST of the money went to US companies and not to Ukraine, and I'm sure congress-leeches got lots of backdoor contributions for doing it. Stop talking out your ass. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 0 points 2 days ago Ukraine is getting what they want to do to us in the US. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 -1 points 2 days ago You aren't paying shit at the moment, you're just traitors. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpLandslide20201 2 points 2 days ago First name Dick Last Name Tater permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 1 points 2 days ago GI is more important than any ole constitution. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Should have taken my advice a long time ago. Would have saved you plenty of time, lives, money. https://forum.policiesforpeople.com/t/drone-zelensky/25276 permalink award report block reply 0care 1 points 2 days ago He isn't going to last long when the war is over permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 2 days ago Sigh... Fiiiine I guess this means the US needs to go in and do regime change.... /s obviously. permalink award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 days ago SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Are you fucking retarded? Or a solipsist with MPS? That fucking dwarf has tried to pull us into WWIII with Russia, has taken half a trillion in American support and donations, and used the MSM to forcefeed gullible Americans into thinking Russia is the bad guy, but you--you fucking retard--don't care? Tell us what do you care about? Monster truck pulls? NASCAR? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Why does reality threaten you? You are obviously a low-IQ type who has no arguments so he resorts to peurile insults. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Cocainsky is an evil dwarf. permalink award report block reply hecubus 1 points 2 days ago It's as if a true Dictator cannot be seen in plain sight. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago Source: trust me bro permalink award report block reply TooBright 1 points 2 days ago All globalist weirdos are afraid of the truth. It's why they have tranny proclivities. permalink award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 -2 points 2 days ago Remove Zelenskyy. Install a leader who can actually defeat Putin's shitstain army. permalink award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -4 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink award report block reply
Viewer01 53 points 2 days ago I will never understand how a million white men decided to walk into a Russian buzzsaw for this faggot Jew. It is beyond comprehension how he has not been drowned in a bathtub by someone. Ukraine is done. They’re going to get carved up like a turkey once Russia and nato get done with them. permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 18 points 2 days ago I will never understand how a million white men decided to walk into a Russian buzzsaw for this faggot Jew Zelensky’s Azov nazis are only too happy to throw any Slavic Christian males who don’t want to fight into the meat grinder. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 9 points 2 days ago maybe at the start of the war they signed up, they don't have much of a choice when it turned conscription permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago Armed men have plenty of choices. permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree 4 points 2 days ago George Soros brags about brainwashing Ukraine... permalink parent award report block reply HumphreyPlowjogger 4 points 2 days ago Forced conscription. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 2 days ago I think the more amazing thing were the Redditors who traveled to merc for Ukraine. ..And then promptly died like the retards they were. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 2 days ago Is this why preddit is mostly bots now?  And can we send all our libtards to die there? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Weird, you're downvoted. But no, Reddit is mostly bots because it ejected most of its user base for wrong think, and so the ratio of astroturfing that was always there -- encouraged by Spez -- is now a greater majority than it was prior. permalink parent award report block reply load 10 more comments...
Wexit-Delecto 18 points 2 days ago I will never understand how a million white men decided to walk into a Russian buzzsaw for this faggot Jew Zelensky’s Azov nazis are only too happy to throw any Slavic Christian males who don’t want to fight into the meat grinder. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 9 points 2 days ago maybe at the start of the war they signed up, they don't have much of a choice when it turned conscription permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago Armed men have plenty of choices. permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 2 days ago Armed men have plenty of choices. permalink parent award report block reply
sorrytodisagree 4 points 2 days ago George Soros brags about brainwashing Ukraine... permalink parent award report block reply
HumphreyPlowjogger 4 points 2 days ago Forced conscription. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 2 days ago I think the more amazing thing were the Redditors who traveled to merc for Ukraine. ..And then promptly died like the retards they were. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 2 days ago Is this why preddit is mostly bots now?  And can we send all our libtards to die there? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Weird, you're downvoted. But no, Reddit is mostly bots because it ejected most of its user base for wrong think, and so the ratio of astroturfing that was always there -- encouraged by Spez -- is now a greater majority than it was prior. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 -1 points 2 days ago Is this why preddit is mostly bots now?  And can we send all our libtards to die there? permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Weird, you're downvoted. But no, Reddit is mostly bots because it ejected most of its user base for wrong think, and so the ratio of astroturfing that was always there -- encouraged by Spez -- is now a greater majority than it was prior. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 2 points 2 days ago Weird, you're downvoted. But no, Reddit is mostly bots because it ejected most of its user base for wrong think, and so the ratio of astroturfing that was always there -- encouraged by Spez -- is now a greater majority than it was prior. permalink parent award report block reply
MeMargie 15 points 2 days ago Truth Phobia is Global  :) permalink award report block reply
PapaPepe 12 points 2 days ago He canceled elections. He's already an illegitimate dictator permalink award report block reply OrangeElvis 4 points 2 days ago We know that, but TECHNICALLY his supporters had constitutional cover, supposedly.  However, this news basically blows that argument into the dumpster.  I admit to just being apathetic to it all for awhile now - too much going on over here to be focused on and concerned with to spend time and energy tracking that clooster fookus.  I just hope when the dust clears, it becomes apparent how evil Ukraine was leading up to and during all of this.  Russia are corrupt shitheads, too - but Ukraine was worse for the simple fact they were a key player in the leftist globalists machinations. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 0 points 2 days ago How does this news blow that argument "into the dumpster"? permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 2 points 2 days ago Because he has violated their Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 1 points 5 hours ago How? permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -4 points 2 days ago All true, but does one nation being even more corrupt than the other means they should get to take over their territory?!? permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago The taken over oblasts are 80 or 90% Russian speakers who voted to secede and become party of Russia. Russia demanded two things from Cocainsky: 1.Stop murdering Russian-Ukrainians in the east. He murdered about 14K from his first day in office to 2022. Don't join NATO. Just stay neutral like Switzerland. Fucking retard Cocainsky FAFO. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago None of that can reasonably be assigned to any foreign entity. It would be like Mexico running elections in our border States. The narrative of "murdering Russian speakers" bypasses the fact that it was happening both ways i.e. civil war. Russia gets no say over which Country would like to not be subjugated under Russian tyranny again, via joining the only military alliance that has ever existed for that express purpose. The propaganda you're regurgitating is braindead to the extreme, shame on you for not seeing through it. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... OrangeElvis 0 points 2 days ago If the population of the areas taken over are historically and culturally Russian and want to be a part of Russia again, sure. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago To hell with National sovereignty then. And while you're at it, signing international treaties is also meaningless. And just give CA AZ NM and TX to Mexico. Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... NoticesBugleOWO 0 points 2 days ago No he didn't. They're not allowed to have elections while under martial law, which the legislative body enacted. permalink parent award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -7 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago Oh no! The actual truth! This will hurt Russia so it must be suppressed! permalink parent award report block reply
OrangeElvis 4 points 2 days ago We know that, but TECHNICALLY his supporters had constitutional cover, supposedly.  However, this news basically blows that argument into the dumpster.  I admit to just being apathetic to it all for awhile now - too much going on over here to be focused on and concerned with to spend time and energy tracking that clooster fookus.  I just hope when the dust clears, it becomes apparent how evil Ukraine was leading up to and during all of this.  Russia are corrupt shitheads, too - but Ukraine was worse for the simple fact they were a key player in the leftist globalists machinations. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 0 points 2 days ago How does this news blow that argument "into the dumpster"? permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 2 points 2 days ago Because he has violated their Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 1 points 5 hours ago How? permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -4 points 2 days ago All true, but does one nation being even more corrupt than the other means they should get to take over their territory?!? permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago The taken over oblasts are 80 or 90% Russian speakers who voted to secede and become party of Russia. Russia demanded two things from Cocainsky: 1.Stop murdering Russian-Ukrainians in the east. He murdered about 14K from his first day in office to 2022. Don't join NATO. Just stay neutral like Switzerland. Fucking retard Cocainsky FAFO. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago None of that can reasonably be assigned to any foreign entity. It would be like Mexico running elections in our border States. The narrative of "murdering Russian speakers" bypasses the fact that it was happening both ways i.e. civil war. Russia gets no say over which Country would like to not be subjugated under Russian tyranny again, via joining the only military alliance that has ever existed for that express purpose. The propaganda you're regurgitating is braindead to the extreme, shame on you for not seeing through it. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... OrangeElvis 0 points 2 days ago If the population of the areas taken over are historically and culturally Russian and want to be a part of Russia again, sure. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago To hell with National sovereignty then. And while you're at it, signing international treaties is also meaningless. And just give CA AZ NM and TX to Mexico. Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Anarion86 0 points 2 days ago How does this news blow that argument "into the dumpster"? permalink parent award report block reply OrangeElvis 2 points 2 days ago Because he has violated their Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 1 points 5 hours ago How? permalink parent award report block reply
OrangeElvis 2 points 2 days ago Because he has violated their Constitution. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 1 points 5 hours ago How? permalink parent award report block reply
Anarion86 1 points 5 hours ago How? permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 -4 points 2 days ago All true, but does one nation being even more corrupt than the other means they should get to take over their territory?!? permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago The taken over oblasts are 80 or 90% Russian speakers who voted to secede and become party of Russia. Russia demanded two things from Cocainsky: 1.Stop murdering Russian-Ukrainians in the east. He murdered about 14K from his first day in office to 2022. Don't join NATO. Just stay neutral like Switzerland. Fucking retard Cocainsky FAFO. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago None of that can reasonably be assigned to any foreign entity. It would be like Mexico running elections in our border States. The narrative of "murdering Russian speakers" bypasses the fact that it was happening both ways i.e. civil war. Russia gets no say over which Country would like to not be subjugated under Russian tyranny again, via joining the only military alliance that has ever existed for that express purpose. The propaganda you're regurgitating is braindead to the extreme, shame on you for not seeing through it. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... OrangeElvis 0 points 2 days ago If the population of the areas taken over are historically and culturally Russian and want to be a part of Russia again, sure. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago To hell with National sovereignty then. And while you're at it, signing international treaties is also meaningless. And just give CA AZ NM and TX to Mexico. Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago The taken over oblasts are 80 or 90% Russian speakers who voted to secede and become party of Russia. Russia demanded two things from Cocainsky: 1.Stop murdering Russian-Ukrainians in the east. He murdered about 14K from his first day in office to 2022. Don't join NATO. Just stay neutral like Switzerland. Fucking retard Cocainsky FAFO. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago None of that can reasonably be assigned to any foreign entity. It would be like Mexico running elections in our border States. The narrative of "murdering Russian speakers" bypasses the fact that it was happening both ways i.e. civil war. Russia gets no say over which Country would like to not be subjugated under Russian tyranny again, via joining the only military alliance that has ever existed for that express purpose. The propaganda you're regurgitating is braindead to the extreme, shame on you for not seeing through it. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 1 day ago None of that can reasonably be assigned to any foreign entity. It would be like Mexico running elections in our border States. The narrative of "murdering Russian speakers" bypasses the fact that it was happening both ways i.e. civil war. Russia gets no say over which Country would like to not be subjugated under Russian tyranny again, via joining the only military alliance that has ever existed for that express purpose. The propaganda you're regurgitating is braindead to the extreme, shame on you for not seeing through it. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
OrangeElvis 0 points 2 days ago If the population of the areas taken over are historically and culturally Russian and want to be a part of Russia again, sure. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago To hell with National sovereignty then. And while you're at it, signing international treaties is also meaningless. And just give CA AZ NM and TX to Mexico. Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 1 day ago To hell with National sovereignty then. And while you're at it, signing international treaties is also meaningless. And just give CA AZ NM and TX to Mexico. Fuck you! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
NoticesBugleOWO 0 points 2 days ago No he didn't. They're not allowed to have elections while under martial law, which the legislative body enacted. permalink parent award report block reply
ValhallaBaboon -7 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago Oh no! The actual truth! This will hurt Russia so it must be suppressed! permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago Oh no! The actual truth! This will hurt Russia so it must be suppressed! permalink parent award report block reply
IvIA6A 11 points 2 days ago The longer he keeps the war going the more money he can steal, and the longer he can stay in power with suspended elections. permalink award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -6 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 6 points 2 days ago That would be the Biden administration yeah? Sonofabitch permalink parent award report block reply NutPsaki 4 points 2 days ago This spam has nothing to do with his comment permalink parent award report block reply
ValhallaBaboon -6 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply IvIA6A 6 points 2 days ago That would be the Biden administration yeah? Sonofabitch permalink parent award report block reply NutPsaki 4 points 2 days ago This spam has nothing to do with his comment permalink parent award report block reply
IvIA6A 6 points 2 days ago That would be the Biden administration yeah? Sonofabitch permalink parent award report block reply
NutPsaki 4 points 2 days ago This spam has nothing to do with his comment permalink parent award report block reply
thisisatestof2 8 points 2 days ago Trump gets democratically elected with both the popular vote in the electoral college and the left screams is a king. Meanwhile, they worship the guy who’s literally suspended all sorts of constitutional rights to remain in power. permalink award report block reply
FlyCatcher94 6 points 2 days ago Then we should confiscate the land he bought in Wyoming. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 5 points 2 days ago deport Zelenskyy permalink award report block reply Ikon 5 points 2 days ago To the bottom of the ocean? permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 2 days ago anchor baby? permalink parent award report block reply ValhallaBaboon -9 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply
Ikon 5 points 2 days ago To the bottom of the ocean? permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 4 points 2 days ago anchor baby? permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 4 points 2 days ago anchor baby? permalink parent award report block reply
ValhallaBaboon -9 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink parent award report block reply
HalfBreedSupremacist 5 points 2 days ago What happened to the left's No Kings? permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago They were referring to Christ Jesus, who is King. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago They were referring to Christ Jesus, who is King. permalink parent award report block reply
hoodar 5 points 2 days ago He's a cross dressing weirdo that performs gay dancing tendencies. permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 3 points 2 days ago I think there are laws in Europe that require all jewish entertainers to cross dress.  Well, at least it seems that way. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 2 days ago It’s a cultural imperative. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 3 points 2 days ago I think there are laws in Europe that require all jewish entertainers to cross dress.  Well, at least it seems that way. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 3 points 2 days ago It’s a cultural imperative. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 3 points 2 days ago It’s a cultural imperative. permalink parent award report block reply
MAG-n-KAG 5 points 2 days ago Zelensky is playing Trump for a fool permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago President Trump is quickly making it “his” war. He should have cut the anti-White, anti-Christ nazis in the Ukraine off on day one. permalink parent award report block reply Tyndel -6 points 2 days ago Ukraine is more white and more Christian then Russia.  Find a new line. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago Sure, the Ukraine is. But is Azov, which is the group I was criticizing? They’ve shown such respect for the Orthodox church… permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Retarded bullshit! Cocainsky is doing his best to wipe out Christainity in Ukraine. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago President Trump is quickly making it “his” war. He should have cut the anti-White, anti-Christ nazis in the Ukraine off on day one. permalink parent award report block reply Tyndel -6 points 2 days ago Ukraine is more white and more Christian then Russia.  Find a new line. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago Sure, the Ukraine is. But is Azov, which is the group I was criticizing? They’ve shown such respect for the Orthodox church… permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Retarded bullshit! Cocainsky is doing his best to wipe out Christainity in Ukraine. permalink parent award report block reply
Tyndel -6 points 2 days ago Ukraine is more white and more Christian then Russia.  Find a new line. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago Sure, the Ukraine is. But is Azov, which is the group I was criticizing? They’ve shown such respect for the Orthodox church… permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Retarded bullshit! Cocainsky is doing his best to wipe out Christainity in Ukraine. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 5 points 2 days ago Sure, the Ukraine is. But is Azov, which is the group I was criticizing? They’ve shown such respect for the Orthodox church… permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Retarded bullshit! Cocainsky is doing his best to wipe out Christainity in Ukraine. permalink parent award report block reply
sorrytodisagree 4 points 2 days ago Link: https://x.com/Panchenko_X/status/1987598393330532835 https://nitter.net/Panchenko_X/status/1987598393330532835 permalink award report block reply
OldZilla 4 points 2 days ago Ladybug Lindsey enters the chat... permalink award report block reply
Bldg_2019 4 points 2 days ago Every moronic “no kangz” cunt on the internet are also huge simps for this jew fag who suspended elections to stay in power and is prosecuting church leaders. Funny how that works. permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 3 points 2 days ago How is Zelensky any better than Putin?  Remember the big accusation against Putin that kicked off this whole thing was that Putin was poisoning dissidents in western Europe.   How is what Zelensky doing any different? permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 2 days ago Is Putin being bankrolled by the US taxpayer? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 2 days ago We shouldn't be backing him.  He's doing everything that the deep state has said Putin is doing. permalink parent award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally 3 points 2 days ago Is Putin being bankrolled by the US taxpayer? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 2 days ago We shouldn't be backing him.  He's doing everything that the deep state has said Putin is doing. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 2 days ago We shouldn't be backing him.  He's doing everything that the deep state has said Putin is doing. permalink parent award report block reply
phro 3 points 2 days ago No kings A few kings. permalink award report block reply
Wingnuttery 3 points 2 days ago Well, I mean, I'd like to see Trump slap around some fed judges.  But yeah...we shouldnt ever have been involved in UKR. permalink award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 2 points 2 days ago Don’t care.  How about we focus on the traitors and treason in our own country. permalink award report block reply
DeltaSierra 2 points 2 days ago This is not my country I don’t care. permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Are you fucking retarded? Or a solipsist with MPS? That fucking dwarf has tried to pull us into WWIII with Russia, has taken half a trillion in American support and donations, and used the MSM to forcefeed gullible Americans into thinking Russia is the bad guy, but you--you fucking retard--don't care? Tell us what do you care about? Monster truck pulls? NASCAR? permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Are you fucking retarded? Or a solipsist with MPS? That fucking dwarf has tried to pull us into WWIII with Russia, has taken half a trillion in American support and donations, and used the MSM to forcefeed gullible Americans into thinking Russia is the bad guy, but you--you fucking retard--don't care? Tell us what do you care about? Monster truck pulls? NASCAR? permalink parent award report block reply
MythArcana 2 points 2 days ago What's that about No Kings again? Right. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 2 points 2 days ago How could Zelensky, a Slav and an Orthodox Christian, do this to his mother country and to his own people? permalink award report block reply
TheRedPike 2 points 2 days ago Who the fuck cares?  If the EU wants to spend money on wars, that is up to them.  If they want to spend their money for our weapons, our stores are open, as they had been for hundreds of years.  Not our problem. permalink award report block reply deleted 4 points 2 days ago ParadigmShift2070 2 points 2 days ago if EU cared they would have stopped buying Russian energy permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 1 points 2 days ago There has been no new aid passed by congress since before the Trump administration.  Any attempt to add more has failed.  There is about $50B in aid already passed that has not been distributed, but given the direct language of the bills, there is little Trump can do about it.  Most of it is waiting on US manufacturers who will get the money in the future when they BACKFILL old shit we already sent to Ukraine.  The truth is MOST of the money went to US companies and not to Ukraine, and I'm sure congress-leeches got lots of backdoor contributions for doing it. Stop talking out your ass. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 0 points 2 days ago Ukraine is getting what they want to do to us in the US. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 -1 points 2 days ago You aren't paying shit at the moment, you're just traitors. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 4 points 2 days ago ParadigmShift2070 2 points 2 days ago if EU cared they would have stopped buying Russian energy permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPike 1 points 2 days ago There has been no new aid passed by congress since before the Trump administration.  Any attempt to add more has failed.  There is about $50B in aid already passed that has not been distributed, but given the direct language of the bills, there is little Trump can do about it.  Most of it is waiting on US manufacturers who will get the money in the future when they BACKFILL old shit we already sent to Ukraine.  The truth is MOST of the money went to US companies and not to Ukraine, and I'm sure congress-leeches got lots of backdoor contributions for doing it. Stop talking out your ass. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 0 points 2 days ago Ukraine is getting what they want to do to us in the US. permalink parent award report block reply Anarion86 -1 points 2 days ago You aren't paying shit at the moment, you're just traitors. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 2 points 2 days ago if EU cared they would have stopped buying Russian energy permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 1 points 2 days ago There has been no new aid passed by congress since before the Trump administration.  Any attempt to add more has failed.  There is about $50B in aid already passed that has not been distributed, but given the direct language of the bills, there is little Trump can do about it.  Most of it is waiting on US manufacturers who will get the money in the future when they BACKFILL old shit we already sent to Ukraine.  The truth is MOST of the money went to US companies and not to Ukraine, and I'm sure congress-leeches got lots of backdoor contributions for doing it. Stop talking out your ass. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 0 points 2 days ago Ukraine is getting what they want to do to us in the US. permalink parent award report block reply
Anarion86 -1 points 2 days ago You aren't paying shit at the moment, you're just traitors. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpLandslide20201 2 points 2 days ago First name Dick Last Name Tater permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 1 points 2 days ago GI is more important than any ole constitution. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Should have taken my advice a long time ago. Would have saved you plenty of time, lives, money. https://forum.policiesforpeople.com/t/drone-zelensky/25276 permalink award report block reply
0care 1 points 2 days ago He isn't going to last long when the war is over permalink award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 2 days ago Sigh... Fiiiine I guess this means the US needs to go in and do regime change.... /s obviously. permalink award report block reply
deleted 1 points 2 days ago SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Are you fucking retarded? Or a solipsist with MPS? That fucking dwarf has tried to pull us into WWIII with Russia, has taken half a trillion in American support and donations, and used the MSM to forcefeed gullible Americans into thinking Russia is the bad guy, but you--you fucking retard--don't care? Tell us what do you care about? Monster truck pulls? NASCAR? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Why does reality threaten you? You are obviously a low-IQ type who has no arguments so he resorts to peurile insults. permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Are you fucking retarded? Or a solipsist with MPS? That fucking dwarf has tried to pull us into WWIII with Russia, has taken half a trillion in American support and donations, and used the MSM to forcefeed gullible Americans into thinking Russia is the bad guy, but you--you fucking retard--don't care? Tell us what do you care about? Monster truck pulls? NASCAR? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Why does reality threaten you? You are obviously a low-IQ type who has no arguments so he resorts to peurile insults. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 0 points 2 days ago SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Why does reality threaten you? You are obviously a low-IQ type who has no arguments so he resorts to peurile insults. permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 0 points 2 days ago Why does reality threaten you? You are obviously a low-IQ type who has no arguments so he resorts to peurile insults. permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Cocainsky is an evil dwarf. permalink award report block reply
hecubus 1 points 2 days ago It's as if a true Dictator cannot be seen in plain sight. permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago Source: trust me bro permalink award report block reply
TooBright 1 points 2 days ago All globalist weirdos are afraid of the truth. It's why they have tranny proclivities. permalink award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 -2 points 2 days ago Remove Zelenskyy. Install a leader who can actually defeat Putin's shitstain army. permalink award report block reply
ValhallaBaboon -4 points 2 days ago On 9 December 2021, the US Treasury Department added Tupytskyi, along with the former deputy head of President Yanukovych's Administration Andriy Portnov, to the sanctions list, accusing him of using influence to make custom decisions in courts and undermining the reform of the judicial system.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleksandr_Tupytskyi that was before the war seems warranted permalink award report block reply