329 REDDIT IS RAGING posted 4 days ago by kek_saved_the_world 5 comments award share download report block
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web HocusLocus 8 points 4 days ago It refers back to this [Nov. 4]. She has that seven-of-nine stare.  Despite the interviewer being all girly-friendly-cringy Sweeney caught the gist right away and gave a dismissive answer, INTERVIEWER: Is there something that you want to say about the ad itself? The criticism of the content was basically that, maybe specifically in this political climate, white people shouldn’t joke about genetic superiority. SWEENEY: I think that when I have an issue that I want to speak about, people will hear. [unsaid] But not to you right here, bee-yach, no matter how you try to bait it from me. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriot 4 points 4 days ago perfect response. had she responded "I don't want to talk about that" - it's a weak response. obviously Sydney has thought about this question being asked previously and had a response ready. particularly given the cattyness of the interviewer, the response was perfect. permalink parent award report block reply Tromboneofsteel 2 points 3 days ago She does look like Seven, you're right. I'm gonna have to see her in a skin tight bodysuit just to confirm, though. permalink parent award report block reply DemonicSoap 2 points 4 days ago Bout wut? permalink award report block reply
HocusLocus 8 points 4 days ago It refers back to this [Nov. 4]. She has that seven-of-nine stare.  Despite the interviewer being all girly-friendly-cringy Sweeney caught the gist right away and gave a dismissive answer, INTERVIEWER: Is there something that you want to say about the ad itself? The criticism of the content was basically that, maybe specifically in this political climate, white people shouldn’t joke about genetic superiority. SWEENEY: I think that when I have an issue that I want to speak about, people will hear. [unsaid] But not to you right here, bee-yach, no matter how you try to bait it from me. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriot 4 points 4 days ago perfect response. had she responded "I don't want to talk about that" - it's a weak response. obviously Sydney has thought about this question being asked previously and had a response ready. particularly given the cattyness of the interviewer, the response was perfect. permalink parent award report block reply Tromboneofsteel 2 points 3 days ago She does look like Seven, you're right. I'm gonna have to see her in a skin tight bodysuit just to confirm, though. permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriot 4 points 4 days ago perfect response. had she responded "I don't want to talk about that" - it's a weak response. obviously Sydney has thought about this question being asked previously and had a response ready. particularly given the cattyness of the interviewer, the response was perfect. permalink parent award report block reply
Tromboneofsteel 2 points 3 days ago She does look like Seven, you're right. I'm gonna have to see her in a skin tight bodysuit just to confirm, though. permalink parent award report block reply
DemonicSoap 2 points 4 days ago Bout wut? permalink award report block reply