516 You cannot conceive of the deluge of illegals when the Democrats next gain power. posted 3 days ago by Capoditutticapi1 30 comments award share report block Stephen Miller @StephenM • 3d You cannot conceive of the deluge when the Democrats next gain power. Libs of TikTok @libsoftiktok • 3d Top Biden State Department Advisor who is from Somalia boasts about changing immigration rules to benefit Somalians during the Biden admin
30 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget HumblePepe 25 points 3 days ago We have one chance to drive out the invaders and end the traitors forever. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 6 points 3 days ago If we can't get it done under Trump this time, it'll have to be 1776 times 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply BOHICA2021 20 points 3 days ago We already experienced it during the last illegal presidency...and WE did nothing.  So yeah, it's coming and faster than you think because WE ARE DOING NOTHING AGAIN!!! permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 3 days ago We didn't experience mass amnesty, which is their ultimate goal. Trust... they ALWAYS have more they can do to destroy this country. permalink parent award report block reply BOHICA2021 2 points 2 days ago Yea, maybe so, but doubling 20 million to 40+ in 20 years is already a form of mass amnesty and yes, it's going to get a lot worse because nobody really cares...WE will, forever, be remembered as the biggest bunch of overly armed pussies this world has ever known - that is, if the future tyranny even allows the truth to be told. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 19 points 3 days ago I genuinely fear what the Dems will do if they regain power. Imagine every illegal who was deported getting offered the ability to come back and get amnesty/citizenship. Plus millions more let in on top of that. Federal employees and US servicemembers getting prosecuted for the lawful execution of their jobs. Multiple cabinet members getting indicted on bogus charges. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 3 days ago They know the jig is up. They will do everything they can to destroy us now, including killing us, which they've already started doing. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago They'll also do cute virtue signaling with our money like refund the tariffs and send China a check and an apology permalink parent award report block reply blitzkrieg1 10 points 3 days ago If the commies try there will be a war that makes the civil war look civil. All commies die. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 9 points 3 days ago It should be open season. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 8 points 3 days ago We can’t survive their last term in office. permalink award report block reply SupFrens 7 points 3 days ago Reexamine all visas, if a migrant provides net zero value or less, send them back. This isn't that hard. permalink award report block reply grad16uc 7 points 3 days ago If only there was someone in power right now that could do something about it. permalink award report block reply mohel 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, for f *ks sake permalink parent award report block reply KEK_1776_KEK 6 points 3 days ago You guys have to understand - this is it.  It's a greater threat than an invasion of the Soviet Union or the Nazis. If we refuse to defend the country from this, we're gone.  Your sons and daughters will have a greater chance of being victimized in their lifetime by a class of human unworthy of living here. permalink award report block reply Herpawinski 3 points 3 days ago Ok so how do we prevent it? Mass deportation of ALL Biden invaders. That will send the message that if the doors are opened again for them, they'll eventually get kicked out anyway. That is non negotiable. Every single one has to be physically removed. It was an act of civil war intended to turn this country into a one party state, so use of the military is far beyond warranted. Non lethal force of course, but that's not required anyway. SEVERE punishment for everyone involved. Garland has to wake up in Guantanamo Bay, followed by EVERYONE in the NGOs who helped. Every single one of them must at the bare minimum face bankruptcy causing litigation. Every legal organization that helps them must be destroyed and participants made to face the same bankruptcy causing litigation/prosecutions. They have to be made to fear justice or they'll do it again. And no I don't give one single fuck if they say they're Catholic NGOs. Anyone can claim to be anything, and we know communists infiltrate and subvert religions. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 2 points 3 days ago We are going to have to use force to keep Democrats out of power from here on out. permalink award report block reply MakinBacon 2 points 3 days ago then stock up your ammo and practice your aim 'cause we can't afford it again permalink award report block reply Mindcrym 2 points 3 days ago Well, my 10k rounds will be dipped in pork before use. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 1 points 3 days ago I love the smell of bacon grease emanating from the barrel of my AR 15 in the morning, afternoon, and all night long! permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks -1 points 3 days ago Well..At least this time we will also get UK and Canadian Refugees. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 4 points 3 days ago ...unless the DemonRats do the old "Whites Not Allowed" thing! permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 days ago We can get the jeets that previously lived there permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely -1 points 3 days ago Is that some sort of fear tactic  to get us to vote Republican ? permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 8 points 3 days ago Nah, no fear, just the Truth from the Islamist pie hole..., vote for DemonRats if you want, it's still a free country.. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 6 points 3 days ago Meanwhile those same Republicans are dumping H1-beaners in here by the plane load. Hell, it was the Republicans who brought those Somalians in here. Now get out there and vote like your life depends on it. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 3 days ago While republicans suck, democrats are still worse. permalink parent award report block reply Mindcrym 4 points 3 days ago True. They at least appear to wine and dine us before they fuck us over. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 1 points 3 days ago Real kindness and empathy permalink parent award report block reply Zhongda 3 points 3 days ago After fumbling the ball several times.  Yes, threats are in the back pocket. permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 25 points 3 days ago We have one chance to drive out the invaders and end the traitors forever. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 6 points 3 days ago If we can't get it done under Trump this time, it'll have to be 1776 times 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 6 points 3 days ago If we can't get it done under Trump this time, it'll have to be 1776 times 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply
BOHICA2021 20 points 3 days ago We already experienced it during the last illegal presidency...and WE did nothing.  So yeah, it's coming and faster than you think because WE ARE DOING NOTHING AGAIN!!! permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 3 days ago We didn't experience mass amnesty, which is their ultimate goal. Trust... they ALWAYS have more they can do to destroy this country. permalink parent award report block reply BOHICA2021 2 points 2 days ago Yea, maybe so, but doubling 20 million to 40+ in 20 years is already a form of mass amnesty and yes, it's going to get a lot worse because nobody really cares...WE will, forever, be remembered as the biggest bunch of overly armed pussies this world has ever known - that is, if the future tyranny even allows the truth to be told. permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 3 days ago We didn't experience mass amnesty, which is their ultimate goal. Trust... they ALWAYS have more they can do to destroy this country. permalink parent award report block reply BOHICA2021 2 points 2 days ago Yea, maybe so, but doubling 20 million to 40+ in 20 years is already a form of mass amnesty and yes, it's going to get a lot worse because nobody really cares...WE will, forever, be remembered as the biggest bunch of overly armed pussies this world has ever known - that is, if the future tyranny even allows the truth to be told. permalink parent award report block reply
BOHICA2021 2 points 2 days ago Yea, maybe so, but doubling 20 million to 40+ in 20 years is already a form of mass amnesty and yes, it's going to get a lot worse because nobody really cares...WE will, forever, be remembered as the biggest bunch of overly armed pussies this world has ever known - that is, if the future tyranny even allows the truth to be told. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 19 points 3 days ago I genuinely fear what the Dems will do if they regain power. Imagine every illegal who was deported getting offered the ability to come back and get amnesty/citizenship. Plus millions more let in on top of that. Federal employees and US servicemembers getting prosecuted for the lawful execution of their jobs. Multiple cabinet members getting indicted on bogus charges. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 3 days ago They know the jig is up. They will do everything they can to destroy us now, including killing us, which they've already started doing. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago They'll also do cute virtue signaling with our money like refund the tariffs and send China a check and an apology permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 3 days ago They know the jig is up. They will do everything they can to destroy us now, including killing us, which they've already started doing. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago They'll also do cute virtue signaling with our money like refund the tariffs and send China a check and an apology permalink parent award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 10 points 3 days ago If the commies try there will be a war that makes the civil war look civil. All commies die. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 9 points 3 days ago It should be open season. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 8 points 3 days ago We can’t survive their last term in office. permalink award report block reply
SupFrens 7 points 3 days ago Reexamine all visas, if a migrant provides net zero value or less, send them back. This isn't that hard. permalink award report block reply
grad16uc 7 points 3 days ago If only there was someone in power right now that could do something about it. permalink award report block reply mohel 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, for f *ks sake permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, for f *ks sake permalink parent award report block reply
KEK_1776_KEK 6 points 3 days ago You guys have to understand - this is it.  It's a greater threat than an invasion of the Soviet Union or the Nazis. If we refuse to defend the country from this, we're gone.  Your sons and daughters will have a greater chance of being victimized in their lifetime by a class of human unworthy of living here. permalink award report block reply
Herpawinski 3 points 3 days ago Ok so how do we prevent it? Mass deportation of ALL Biden invaders. That will send the message that if the doors are opened again for them, they'll eventually get kicked out anyway. That is non negotiable. Every single one has to be physically removed. It was an act of civil war intended to turn this country into a one party state, so use of the military is far beyond warranted. Non lethal force of course, but that's not required anyway. SEVERE punishment for everyone involved. Garland has to wake up in Guantanamo Bay, followed by EVERYONE in the NGOs who helped. Every single one of them must at the bare minimum face bankruptcy causing litigation. Every legal organization that helps them must be destroyed and participants made to face the same bankruptcy causing litigation/prosecutions. They have to be made to fear justice or they'll do it again. And no I don't give one single fuck if they say they're Catholic NGOs. Anyone can claim to be anything, and we know communists infiltrate and subvert religions. permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 2 points 3 days ago We are going to have to use force to keep Democrats out of power from here on out. permalink award report block reply
MakinBacon 2 points 3 days ago then stock up your ammo and practice your aim 'cause we can't afford it again permalink award report block reply
Mindcrym 2 points 3 days ago Well, my 10k rounds will be dipped in pork before use. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 1 points 3 days ago I love the smell of bacon grease emanating from the barrel of my AR 15 in the morning, afternoon, and all night long! permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 1 points 3 days ago I love the smell of bacon grease emanating from the barrel of my AR 15 in the morning, afternoon, and all night long! permalink parent award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks -1 points 3 days ago Well..At least this time we will also get UK and Canadian Refugees. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 4 points 3 days ago ...unless the DemonRats do the old "Whites Not Allowed" thing! permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 days ago We can get the jeets that previously lived there permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 4 points 3 days ago ...unless the DemonRats do the old "Whites Not Allowed" thing! permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 days ago We can get the jeets that previously lived there permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely -1 points 3 days ago Is that some sort of fear tactic  to get us to vote Republican ? permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 8 points 3 days ago Nah, no fear, just the Truth from the Islamist pie hole..., vote for DemonRats if you want, it's still a free country.. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 6 points 3 days ago Meanwhile those same Republicans are dumping H1-beaners in here by the plane load. Hell, it was the Republicans who brought those Somalians in here. Now get out there and vote like your life depends on it. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 3 days ago While republicans suck, democrats are still worse. permalink parent award report block reply Mindcrym 4 points 3 days ago True. They at least appear to wine and dine us before they fuck us over. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 1 points 3 days ago Real kindness and empathy permalink parent award report block reply Zhongda 3 points 3 days ago After fumbling the ball several times.  Yes, threats are in the back pocket. permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 8 points 3 days ago Nah, no fear, just the Truth from the Islamist pie hole..., vote for DemonRats if you want, it's still a free country.. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 6 points 3 days ago Meanwhile those same Republicans are dumping H1-beaners in here by the plane load. Hell, it was the Republicans who brought those Somalians in here. Now get out there and vote like your life depends on it. permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 6 points 3 days ago Meanwhile those same Republicans are dumping H1-beaners in here by the plane load. Hell, it was the Republicans who brought those Somalians in here. Now get out there and vote like your life depends on it. permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 3 days ago While republicans suck, democrats are still worse. permalink parent award report block reply Mindcrym 4 points 3 days ago True. They at least appear to wine and dine us before they fuck us over. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 1 points 3 days ago Real kindness and empathy permalink parent award report block reply
Mindcrym 4 points 3 days ago True. They at least appear to wine and dine us before they fuck us over. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 1 points 3 days ago Real kindness and empathy permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 1 points 3 days ago Real kindness and empathy permalink parent award report block reply
Zhongda 3 points 3 days ago After fumbling the ball several times.  Yes, threats are in the back pocket. permalink parent award report block reply