305 MYSTERY OF ROOM 9582 located at FBI HQ posted 3 days ago by Capoditutticapi1 8 comments award share report block Paul Sperry @paulsperry_ • 3d MYSTERY OF ROOM 9582: Investigators have been combing through access logs to pinpoint who tried to conceal hundreds of pages of incriminating Russiagate docs in a secret SCIF at FBI HQ on the weekend before the Monday, Jan. 20, 2025, Trump inauguration in violation of 18 USC 2071
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save awsure 19 points 3 days ago Maybe someone that wanted to preserve evidence permalink award report block reply punkalicious 13 points 3 days ago Ding, ding, ding. Came to say this. permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 10 points 3 days ago God forbid we have a patriot try to override the system. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 5 points 3 days ago Start with the SSO and Security managers of the sciff itself. permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 4 points 3 days ago Gee I wonder permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 2 days ago I know I’m mildly retarded but why wouldn’t the secret squirrel idiots just shred the documents? permalink award report block reply NadlersNads 1 points 3 days ago YYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAA------WWWWWWNNNNNNNNNN UH permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 3 points 3 days ago Go back to sleep! lol permalink parent award report block reply
awsure 19 points 3 days ago Maybe someone that wanted to preserve evidence permalink award report block reply punkalicious 13 points 3 days ago Ding, ding, ding. Came to say this. permalink parent award report block reply
punkalicious 13 points 3 days ago Ding, ding, ding. Came to say this. permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 10 points 3 days ago God forbid we have a patriot try to override the system. permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 5 points 3 days ago Start with the SSO and Security managers of the sciff itself. permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 4 points 3 days ago Gee I wonder permalink award report block reply
Atruckdriver 2 points 2 days ago I know I’m mildly retarded but why wouldn’t the secret squirrel idiots just shred the documents? permalink award report block reply
NadlersNads 1 points 3 days ago YYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAA------WWWWWWNNNNNNNNNN UH permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 3 points 3 days ago Go back to sleep! lol permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 3 points 3 days ago Go back to sleep! lol permalink parent award report block reply