818 Certified posted 3 days ago by Trick 18 comments award share download report block
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save I_Love_45-70_Gov 28 points 3 days ago When Jim Henson was asked whether Burt and Ernie were gay, he responded by saying " No, they're Muppets " permalink award report block reply MathletesFoot 7 points 3 days ago Why is this stickied? permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 3 days ago Mods gave up on keeping this place on topic permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 3 days ago Because I took a nap. I was asleep literally. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 3 days ago Epstein was a professional sex offender, so what happened to all the paperwork? permalink award report block reply Spindle-spin 2 points 3 days ago They can't release the files until Congress is back in session. Probably won't release them in the end anyway because of how badly Biden and Obama tainted them by inserting President Trump's name everywhere. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 4 points 3 days ago It still amazes me how, outside of an occasional out of context photo with Trump and Epstein, Dems didn’t give a shit about the Epstein files until MSNBC and a few liberal influencers told them they could cost the GOP the midterms if they keep it in the news long enough. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin -1 points 3 days ago It's a shame. And now that they care, nothing is going to happen to those people. Justice denied for a lot of victims permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 5 points 3 days ago Bill Clinton is a professional rapist permalink award report block reply T_Hed 4 points 3 days ago Infowars.PRO.com permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 4 points 3 days ago Kek! permalink award report block reply SoyLatte 3 points 3 days ago Wtf is this boomer humor shit? permalink award report block reply Nate_Higgersalot 2 points 3 days ago I laughed way too hard at this. Earnie misunderstood when Oscar the Grouch said he “liked it in the can”. permalink award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 2 points 3 days ago I don't think Ernie is a sex offender, but Bert sure has a thing for pigeons. permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 3 days ago LOL Holy shit! permalink award report block reply pedewithweed 1 points 3 days ago 🎵 Certified lover boy certified pedophile 🎶 Sorry I had to. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey 1 points 3 days ago Certified faggot permalink parent award report block reply DiscountFedoras 1 points 3 days ago Wait till I tell the neighbors! permalink award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 28 points 3 days ago When Jim Henson was asked whether Burt and Ernie were gay, he responded by saying " No, they're Muppets " permalink award report block reply
MathletesFoot 7 points 3 days ago Why is this stickied? permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 3 days ago Mods gave up on keeping this place on topic permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 3 days ago Because I took a nap. I was asleep literally. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 6 points 3 days ago Mods gave up on keeping this place on topic permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 3 days ago Because I took a nap. I was asleep literally. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 6 points 3 days ago Epstein was a professional sex offender, so what happened to all the paperwork? permalink award report block reply Spindle-spin 2 points 3 days ago They can't release the files until Congress is back in session. Probably won't release them in the end anyway because of how badly Biden and Obama tainted them by inserting President Trump's name everywhere. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 4 points 3 days ago It still amazes me how, outside of an occasional out of context photo with Trump and Epstein, Dems didn’t give a shit about the Epstein files until MSNBC and a few liberal influencers told them they could cost the GOP the midterms if they keep it in the news long enough. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin -1 points 3 days ago It's a shame. And now that they care, nothing is going to happen to those people. Justice denied for a lot of victims permalink parent award report block reply
Spindle-spin 2 points 3 days ago They can't release the files until Congress is back in session. Probably won't release them in the end anyway because of how badly Biden and Obama tainted them by inserting President Trump's name everywhere. permalink parent award report block reply goldkeyboardwarrior 4 points 3 days ago It still amazes me how, outside of an occasional out of context photo with Trump and Epstein, Dems didn’t give a shit about the Epstein files until MSNBC and a few liberal influencers told them they could cost the GOP the midterms if they keep it in the news long enough. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin -1 points 3 days ago It's a shame. And now that they care, nothing is going to happen to those people. Justice denied for a lot of victims permalink parent award report block reply
goldkeyboardwarrior 4 points 3 days ago It still amazes me how, outside of an occasional out of context photo with Trump and Epstein, Dems didn’t give a shit about the Epstein files until MSNBC and a few liberal influencers told them they could cost the GOP the midterms if they keep it in the news long enough. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin -1 points 3 days ago It's a shame. And now that they care, nothing is going to happen to those people. Justice denied for a lot of victims permalink parent award report block reply
Spindle-spin -1 points 3 days ago It's a shame. And now that they care, nothing is going to happen to those people. Justice denied for a lot of victims permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 5 points 3 days ago Bill Clinton is a professional rapist permalink award report block reply T_Hed 4 points 3 days ago Infowars.PRO.com permalink parent award report block reply
T_Hed 4 points 3 days ago Infowars.PRO.com permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey 4 points 3 days ago Kek! permalink award report block reply
SoyLatte 3 points 3 days ago Wtf is this boomer humor shit? permalink award report block reply
Nate_Higgersalot 2 points 3 days ago I laughed way too hard at this. Earnie misunderstood when Oscar the Grouch said he “liked it in the can”. permalink award report block reply
SisterCovfefeToo 2 points 3 days ago I don't think Ernie is a sex offender, but Bert sure has a thing for pigeons. permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 3 days ago LOL Holy shit! permalink award report block reply
pedewithweed 1 points 3 days ago 🎵 Certified lover boy certified pedophile 🎶 Sorry I had to. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey 1 points 3 days ago Certified faggot permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey 1 points 3 days ago Certified faggot permalink parent award report block reply
DiscountFedoras 1 points 3 days ago Wait till I tell the neighbors! permalink award report block reply