260 China does one thing right. posted 2 days ago by LiberaIPussyGuy 21 comments award share download report block
21 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Natural Way to Regrow Hair on a Bald Head HaloGrow SERP-SERP 9 points 2 days ago Convert the mosques into pig slaughter houses permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 2 days ago I would prefer Churches...build the pig slaughter houses next door :p permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 5 points 2 days ago How many mosques does China even have? permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 6 points 2 days ago i was shocked when i asked Grok...seems they had lots and lots of them. The most recent official nationwide figure available is from 2014, when China had approximately 39,135 mosques, with the majority located in Xinjiang (around 24,500 at the time). However, independent reports from 2020 onward indicate that thousands of mosques have since been closed, demolished, or significantly altered as part of government policies, particularly in Muslim-majority regions like Xinjiang, Ningxia, and Gansu. This makes pinpointing an exact current total challenging without updated official data. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 5 points 2 days ago And how many terrorist attacks do they have on average, compared to Christendom? permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 5 points 2 days ago seems they suffered 5 terror attacks due to Islamist ideology perhaps that's why Xi put them all in camps and placed them all on human organ lists. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 2 days ago As we should have done permalink parent award report block reply ancillasedet 4 points 2 days ago They are genociding, imprisoning and harvesting organs from people that they determine as "Muslims" because they invaded East Turkestan, nobody did anything, If they call them "Muslims", because they don't look like them, it's fair game.  I expect Chinese bots to reply. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 4 points 2 days ago I don't think nuking mecca is too far, so im probably not the best person to ask permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 2 days ago They ALSO sell their organs on the black market, along with the organs of Falun Gong and Christians... and anyone they feel like. Just because they treat muslims the way they should be on the surface doesn't mean they're good. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 3 points 2 days ago It is a mental illness to believe in that bullshit religion that is 1400 years old when it can be de-legitimized and debunked in less than 5 minutes. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 3 points 2 days ago I'd say they're being nice. They could always go the Genghis Khan route. permalink award report block reply C0drus 3 points 2 days ago They also don’t like black people so 2 things permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 3 points 2 days ago China first with fixing divorce laws and now this.  They have some good ideas permalink award report block reply Easzq8 2 points 2 days ago Not far enough. permalink award report block reply Hex_Star 2 points 2 days ago Trump-I-love-China.gif permalink award report block reply deleted 2 points 2 days ago Standingoak 3 points 2 days ago ... and worship their creator, "Ye are of your father the devil," and the lusts of your father ye will do: he hath been a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, then speaketh he of his own: for he is a liar, and the father thereof.   ---John 8:44  ---1599 Geneva https://illinoisfamily.org/islam-sharia/knowing-four-arabic-words-may-save-our-civilization-from-islamic-takeover/ Not according to God permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago 'How dare you'... ignorance could be an excuse. permalink parent award report block reply UNfreeNewZealand 2 points 2 days ago And in the West, Churches are turned into mosques. permalink award report block reply jhewish 2 points 2 days ago China has one religion. The communist party. Everything else is treated as a mental illness. permalink award report block reply
SERP-SERP 9 points 2 days ago Convert the mosques into pig slaughter houses permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 2 days ago I would prefer Churches...build the pig slaughter houses next door :p permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 2 days ago I would prefer Churches...build the pig slaughter houses next door :p permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 5 points 2 days ago How many mosques does China even have? permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 6 points 2 days ago i was shocked when i asked Grok...seems they had lots and lots of them. The most recent official nationwide figure available is from 2014, when China had approximately 39,135 mosques, with the majority located in Xinjiang (around 24,500 at the time). However, independent reports from 2020 onward indicate that thousands of mosques have since been closed, demolished, or significantly altered as part of government policies, particularly in Muslim-majority regions like Xinjiang, Ningxia, and Gansu. This makes pinpointing an exact current total challenging without updated official data. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 5 points 2 days ago And how many terrorist attacks do they have on average, compared to Christendom? permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 5 points 2 days ago seems they suffered 5 terror attacks due to Islamist ideology perhaps that's why Xi put them all in camps and placed them all on human organ lists. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 2 days ago As we should have done permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 6 points 2 days ago i was shocked when i asked Grok...seems they had lots and lots of them. The most recent official nationwide figure available is from 2014, when China had approximately 39,135 mosques, with the majority located in Xinjiang (around 24,500 at the time). However, independent reports from 2020 onward indicate that thousands of mosques have since been closed, demolished, or significantly altered as part of government policies, particularly in Muslim-majority regions like Xinjiang, Ningxia, and Gansu. This makes pinpointing an exact current total challenging without updated official data. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 5 points 2 days ago And how many terrorist attacks do they have on average, compared to Christendom? permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 5 points 2 days ago seems they suffered 5 terror attacks due to Islamist ideology perhaps that's why Xi put them all in camps and placed them all on human organ lists. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 2 days ago As we should have done permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 5 points 2 days ago And how many terrorist attacks do they have on average, compared to Christendom? permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 5 points 2 days ago seems they suffered 5 terror attacks due to Islamist ideology perhaps that's why Xi put them all in camps and placed them all on human organ lists. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 2 days ago As we should have done permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 5 points 2 days ago seems they suffered 5 terror attacks due to Islamist ideology perhaps that's why Xi put them all in camps and placed them all on human organ lists. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 2 days ago As we should have done permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 3 points 2 days ago As we should have done permalink parent award report block reply
ancillasedet 4 points 2 days ago They are genociding, imprisoning and harvesting organs from people that they determine as "Muslims" because they invaded East Turkestan, nobody did anything, If they call them "Muslims", because they don't look like them, it's fair game.  I expect Chinese bots to reply. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 4 points 2 days ago I don't think nuking mecca is too far, so im probably not the best person to ask permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 2 days ago They ALSO sell their organs on the black market, along with the organs of Falun Gong and Christians... and anyone they feel like. Just because they treat muslims the way they should be on the surface doesn't mean they're good. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 3 points 2 days ago It is a mental illness to believe in that bullshit religion that is 1400 years old when it can be de-legitimized and debunked in less than 5 minutes. permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 3 points 2 days ago I'd say they're being nice. They could always go the Genghis Khan route. permalink award report block reply
C0drus 3 points 2 days ago They also don’t like black people so 2 things permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 3 points 2 days ago China first with fixing divorce laws and now this.  They have some good ideas permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 2 points 2 days ago Not far enough. permalink award report block reply
Hex_Star 2 points 2 days ago Trump-I-love-China.gif permalink award report block reply
deleted 2 points 2 days ago Standingoak 3 points 2 days ago ... and worship their creator, "Ye are of your father the devil," and the lusts of your father ye will do: he hath been a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, then speaketh he of his own: for he is a liar, and the father thereof.   ---John 8:44  ---1599 Geneva https://illinoisfamily.org/islam-sharia/knowing-four-arabic-words-may-save-our-civilization-from-islamic-takeover/ Not according to God permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago 'How dare you'... ignorance could be an excuse. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 3 points 2 days ago ... and worship their creator, "Ye are of your father the devil," and the lusts of your father ye will do: he hath been a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, then speaketh he of his own: for he is a liar, and the father thereof.   ---John 8:44  ---1599 Geneva https://illinoisfamily.org/islam-sharia/knowing-four-arabic-words-may-save-our-civilization-from-islamic-takeover/ Not according to God permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 1 day ago Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago 'How dare you'... ignorance could be an excuse. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 1 day ago Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago 'How dare you'... ignorance could be an excuse. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 1 day ago 'How dare you'... ignorance could be an excuse. permalink parent award report block reply
UNfreeNewZealand 2 points 2 days ago And in the West, Churches are turned into mosques. permalink award report block reply
jhewish 2 points 2 days ago China has one religion. The communist party. Everything else is treated as a mental illness. permalink award report block reply