1048 Judas Pence refuses to rule out another run for President. LOL. 🚨 🦏   SUPER  RINO   🦏 🚨 posted 3 days ago by DebunkTheLeft 114 comments award share report block Citizen Free Press @CitizenFreePres • 3d Mike Pence refuses to rule out another run for President.
114 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Cianevalies 66 points 3 days ago He’s running as a Dem permalink award report block reply BeauHD 36 points 3 days ago Demon permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 11 points 3 days ago Big Mike thinks he's still relevant. The GOP has evolved so much in the last ten years. We've moved past his establishment politics. It's scorched earth or victory now. Big Mike Pence doesn't understand that permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 23 points 3 days ago He knows he'll never win, but he won't turn down the opportunity to grift money from some dumbass old lames who don't like Trump's cussing. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 8 points 3 days ago This is exactly it.  No way he’s that out of touch. permalink parent award report block reply ItsFunToSay-M-A-G-A 7 points 3 days ago Guess it's time to buy another tube of this, since he's popped up again... 🍄 Mike Pence is Not a Fun Guy, He is a Fungus Among Us. Luckily, there is a Cure–Mikatin! 🍄 https://patriots.win/p/16c1zMaiRU/-mike-pence-is-not-a-fun-guy-he-/c permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 3 days ago Big Mike is Michelle Obama. 30 Pence is 'big' in no way. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 0 points 2 days ago I've never used it that way. Mike Pence is super short, but he thinks he's big enough to play with the big boys. I've read that Trump is 6'5" and Obama was 6'2" Pence is a 5'10" on a good day short stack permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Karens_Ex_Husband 3 points 3 days ago No, he is running as a women, and he will take his current wife’s name — He will be known as Karen “The Fly Knows” Pence. permalink parent award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 3 points 3 days ago I miss watching people suck his cock on here 24/7 permalink parent award report block reply VoteMAGA 6 points 3 days ago When the fly landed on his head, that was the dead giveaway he was not MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 4 points 3 days ago God sends little messages like that. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 3 points 3 days ago The fly did his very best to tell us what a piece on shit Pence is. Thank you based fly. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 3 days ago Now its Vance. Some people never learn. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 2 points 3 days ago The pedo communist party. permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 3 days ago He’ll be running as a neocon knowing that the base hates neocons so that could pave the way for the dems to win easier. permalink parent award report block reply Dantalian 42 points 3 days ago TraitorPence has to be the most DELUSIONAL politician to ever walk the earth. permalink award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 15 points 3 days ago If he wants to separate some idiot RINO donors from their money in a delusional vanity campaign that won't break 2% then I'm all for it. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 3 days ago Sounds good to me permalink parent award report block reply mohel 11 points 3 days ago He will make Jeb Bush look good permalink parent award report block reply alfredbester 7 points 3 days ago Trump taking Jeb apart piece by piece was some of the greatest political theater of all time. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins 3 points 3 days ago I highly doubt he could even get elected as a governor at this point. permalink parent award report block reply Protonboy 2 points 3 days ago Second most delusional. Have you forgotten that John Bolton actually ran?? permalink parent award report block reply Overtaxed 2 points 3 days ago That or he knows they can be stolen for the deep state as well. permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 17 points 3 days ago Thanks Mike. I needed a good laugh. permalink award report block reply SubmarineGuy 16 points 3 days ago Make Harris his running mate. They both have equal odds. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 14 points 3 days ago The delusions of grandeur and totally out of touch obtuse arrogance of this guy permalink award report block reply Lady_MaGa 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, when he says he wants the country free, he means for himself and illegals.  Not for the rest of us. permalink parent award report block reply Washington_Redskins 10 points 3 days ago Maybe Pence and Kamala can be on the same ticket? permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 9 points 3 days ago Or he can run with Vivek so they can continue with the Johnny Quest memes - Race/Hadji 2028. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 10 points 3 days ago Comparing 30 Pence to Judas is an insult to Judas. At least Judas regretted what he did, returned the money, and killed himself. permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 10 points 3 days ago I don't know of a single Trump voter that wants anything to do with Pence at this point. He's irrelevant and one of the worst possible candidates the Republicans could bring out. Now Vance, on the other hand, is actually a great VP and I'd support him to be president after Trump. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 3 points 3 days ago To be fair, Pence would not be campaigning for that section of the voting base -- he would attempt to appeal to the Bush/Cheney/McCain/Romney Republican supporters or Clinton Democrat supporters (the Uniparty of neocons and neolibs). permalink parent award report block reply Taylor3006 1 points 3 days ago From the polls the last time he made a bid, he does not even have much republican support. The only people cheering on Pence were the never Trumpers who wanted to bash Trump over the head with his VP turning on him. No one wants Pence. To democrats, he is tainted by his association with Trump. For MAGA he is seen as a traitor. And for everyday republicans, they don't seem at all interested. Not even sure he managed to poll outside the single digits last time. permalink parent award report block reply Noodly 10 points 3 days ago I wonder if Pence knew that Trump would survive his attempted cancellation and get re-elected, would he have supported Trump at the very end? I feel like he thought it was over and his choice was to save himself or hang with Trump permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 4 points 3 days ago It will be for naught. The uniparty/deep state will survive and will come back larger than ever. This will happen when you dont KILL THE FUCKING DRAGON!!!! permalink parent award report block reply Executarian2 9 points 3 days ago He's got my vote! Literally not one person in human history permalink award report block reply 2Clutch 6 points 3 days ago He knows there are still a lot of retards who will donate to him. permalink award report block reply IdahoDude 5 points 3 days ago He couldn’t win DogCatcher!! permalink award report block reply duznmatter 2 points 3 days ago He'd have a better chance of herding cats for a living. permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 3 days ago Gay autistic cats permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 4 points 3 days ago america is not my concern. permalink award report block reply aqua27 4 points 3 days ago Please run so you can get destroyed because we see you as the traitor you are. These people are insane. permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 4 points 3 days ago I'd love to see him booed off stage. permalink parent award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 4 points 3 days ago 🪰🪰🪰🪰🪰 Flys for Pence. permalink award report block reply DT170x 5 points 3 days ago Vance/Fly 2028. permalink parent award report block reply ohwell316 3 points 3 days ago Good luck with that. Both sides don't like you permalink award report block reply Fromseatoshinningsea 2 points 3 days ago He needs to suppress potential release of photos with boys. permalink award report block reply MemeLawd 2 points 3 days ago The fly knew. permalink award report block reply SoyLatte 2 points 3 days ago He will forever be 30 Pence to me permalink award report block reply barwhack 2 points 3 days ago The fly didn't lie. permalink award report block reply stargunner 2 points 3 days ago who the hell would vote for this guy? permalink award report block reply Minn2000 2 points 3 days ago You laugh, but I think if Mike really applies himself in the next Republican nomination process, he'll drop in the November before election years instead of October. permalink award report block reply FUSnowflake 2 points 3 days ago Fuck Off Judas Pence. permalink award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 3 days ago Hahahahaha, yes please 30 Pence permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 2 points 3 days ago Well, he's got to collect his silver. The people who paid him to turn on trump will donate to his campaign, this completing the corruption with campaign finance money laundering. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Since Trump wont be on the ticket. It will be Vance, DePanties, Pence and maybe Hayley again. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago rubio is going to run permalink parent award report block reply peterthegreen 1 points 3 days ago Rubio said he wouldn't run against Vance. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago Right I'm sure that every thing politicians say is always 100% true. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 2 points 3 days ago Its like when Bernie runs.  He will do it for money. permalink award report block reply JanOctSept 2 points 3 days ago What a delusional faggot. permalink award report block reply Brownwaterboys 2 points 3 days ago he couldn't wont even win his home state permalink award report block reply MajorClark 2 points 3 days ago "We will  not be intimidated by the American people!"  Judas Pence Jan.6, 2021.    The American people aren't intimidated by you either you two faced, fly bait faggot.  Dems must be pretty desperate to let this faggot run. permalink award report block reply NoClueForAName2 2 points 3 days ago The left isn’t gonna vote for him. Nobody that supports Trump is gonna vote for him. He would need a miracle to even pull off a campaign. permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 1 points 3 days ago 1 percent pence. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 1 points 3 days ago President of what country? It sure as hell won't be the US. Kamala gets more votes in that election. permalink award report block reply Ricky_CIA 1 points 3 days ago What a retarded faggot. permalink award report block reply Protonboy 1 points 3 days ago I think that he should run; he did such a great jjob in the primaries last time. I think he even got a vote. permalink award report block reply RichieSprouse 1 points 3 days ago Ill rule it out for him. permalink award report block reply 559throw 1 points 3 days ago Fuck that faggot with bootyjuices dick permalink award report block reply gorilla_grip 1 points 3 days ago He was probably told they’d get rid of Trump and he’d be president before 2020 and then he’d get reelected. But Trump beat all the lawfare and didn’t get convicted of the two impeachments permalink award report block reply 45fan 1 points 3 days ago He refuses to rule out putting another dick in his ass. There's 10 there currently, but the more the merrier he says. permalink award report block reply BreakingCNN 1 points 3 days ago Good God it's his demo real for CNN! permalink award report block reply DanIsSwell 1 points 3 days ago Hasn’t he seen; mass cheating isn’t enough lately. This fool isn’t getting any votes from either side 🤦🏽 permalink award report block reply MAGASquatch 1 points 3 days ago The fly knows! permalink award report block reply HenkZeilstra 1 points 3 days ago 'Keep faith' In Satan alright permalink award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 1 points 3 days ago He won't make it past the primary.  He's owned and he'll run if they tell him to run.. permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 1 points 3 days ago How can someone get any more tone deaf? Who is his base, Bush/Romney/McCain-only voters like Pam Bondi? permalink award report block reply Thereyago 1 points 3 days ago How else is he supposed to collect the rest of his payoff? He doesn't want to have to pretend to write another book. permalink award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 3 days ago That’s OK. We’ll rule it out for him. permalink award report block reply Obambi 1 points 3 days ago What a bullshit artist. I’m surprised he isn’t a J. permalink award report block reply Oleander 1 points 3 days ago I forgot about his first attempt. permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 3 days ago Rope for traitors! permalink award report block reply journalist 1 points 3 days ago It would be interesting to see were his funding comes from…. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 3 days ago somebody didn't say something This isn't news permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 1 points 3 days ago He will call himself a unity candidate.  Big money will believe him. 100,000,000 will NOT vote for him.  But the alternative might be worse, so expect a third and fourth party candidate. permalink award report block reply Znut55 1 points 3 days ago He BLEW any chance he may have had LONG before now...traitor! permalink award report block reply Trump43v3r 1 points 3 days ago lol it would be funny to run him, I’ve always wanted to see a candidate get 0 votes. He will understand how hated and disgraced he is then permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 1 points 3 days ago Wolf in sheep's clothing Says all the right words pretending to be Christian permalink award report block reply thechill 1 points 3 days ago The fucking balls on this guy permalink award report block reply Boomstikchik 1 points 3 days ago That's the best joke I've heard all week! 🤣 permalink award report block reply flowerswhatnocheese 1 points 3 days ago Delusional on a galactic scale permalink award report block reply sleepinggiant 1 points 3 days ago Hes hoping he gets cheated in like your standard neocon. permalink award report block reply LostElf 1 points 3 days ago I don't want to live in a world where Pence is elected President, because that would just mean the utter failure of America First and MAGA. He is the epitome of slimeball Uniparty politician. I'd rather see the fly get elected. permalink award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 1 points 3 days ago Delusional permalink award report block reply tooanalytical 1 points 3 days ago Zero. Fucking. Chance. permalink award report block reply BillyBillington 1 points 3 days ago He means that he'll accept money to steal votes away from another Republican, depending on who that Republican is. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 1 points 3 days ago Whatever the fuck that meant. Loser pedophile. permalink award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Hold life, I'm gonna live it up
I'm takin' flight, I said I'll never get enough
Stand tall, I'm young and kinda proud
I'm on the top as long as the music's loud If you think I'll sit around as the world goes by
You're thinkin' like a fool 'cause it's a case of "do or die"
Out there is a fortune waitin' to be had
You think I'll let it go? You're mad You've got another thing comin'
You've got another thing comin' permalink award report block reply delnaga 1 points 3 days ago He wouldn’t even make it through the primaries. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 1 points 3 days ago We are sooo laughing! https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5A9ZlA/hey-mike-pence-we-are-sooo-laugh/c/ permalink award report block reply EdBuck 1 points 3 days ago He's a fucking retard permalink award report block reply Forty_Five 1 points 3 days ago The dems will help him cheat. permalink award report block reply bh506407 1 points 2 days ago So what? No one’s going to vote for him. He’s universally hated by MAGA. The only damage he could inflict is if he ran as an independent to siphon away Republican votes. At that point, he may as well just come out as a Democrat. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 3 days ago President of what? The Society of Backstabbing  Fake Conservative Traitors? Thirty Pieces of Silver Fraternal Organization? Cucks Anonymous? permalink award report block reply Spike 1 points 3 days ago Get in loser. permalink award report block reply Will-Not-Comply 1 points 3 days ago This guy doesn't understand how much the MAGA base hates him, he'll never be President. permalink award report block reply BreakingCNN 0 points 3 days ago Is this the guy who spelled potato with an e on the end, which is actually technically correct, I guess? Or is this the guy who said, who Am i, why am I here? permalink award report block reply CharlesWilliams 0 points 3 days ago A third party spoiler in the making. permalink award report block reply
Cianevalies 66 points 3 days ago He’s running as a Dem permalink award report block reply BeauHD 36 points 3 days ago Demon permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 11 points 3 days ago Big Mike thinks he's still relevant. The GOP has evolved so much in the last ten years. We've moved past his establishment politics. It's scorched earth or victory now. Big Mike Pence doesn't understand that permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 23 points 3 days ago He knows he'll never win, but he won't turn down the opportunity to grift money from some dumbass old lames who don't like Trump's cussing. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 8 points 3 days ago This is exactly it.  No way he’s that out of touch. permalink parent award report block reply ItsFunToSay-M-A-G-A 7 points 3 days ago Guess it's time to buy another tube of this, since he's popped up again... 🍄 Mike Pence is Not a Fun Guy, He is a Fungus Among Us. Luckily, there is a Cure–Mikatin! 🍄 https://patriots.win/p/16c1zMaiRU/-mike-pence-is-not-a-fun-guy-he-/c permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 3 days ago Big Mike is Michelle Obama. 30 Pence is 'big' in no way. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 0 points 2 days ago I've never used it that way. Mike Pence is super short, but he thinks he's big enough to play with the big boys. I've read that Trump is 6'5" and Obama was 6'2" Pence is a 5'10" on a good day short stack permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Karens_Ex_Husband 3 points 3 days ago No, he is running as a women, and he will take his current wife’s name — He will be known as Karen “The Fly Knows” Pence. permalink parent award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 3 points 3 days ago I miss watching people suck his cock on here 24/7 permalink parent award report block reply VoteMAGA 6 points 3 days ago When the fly landed on his head, that was the dead giveaway he was not MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 4 points 3 days ago God sends little messages like that. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 3 points 3 days ago The fly did his very best to tell us what a piece on shit Pence is. Thank you based fly. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 3 days ago Now its Vance. Some people never learn. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 2 points 3 days ago The pedo communist party. permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 3 days ago He’ll be running as a neocon knowing that the base hates neocons so that could pave the way for the dems to win easier. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 36 points 3 days ago Demon permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 11 points 3 days ago Big Mike thinks he's still relevant. The GOP has evolved so much in the last ten years. We've moved past his establishment politics. It's scorched earth or victory now. Big Mike Pence doesn't understand that permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 23 points 3 days ago He knows he'll never win, but he won't turn down the opportunity to grift money from some dumbass old lames who don't like Trump's cussing. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 8 points 3 days ago This is exactly it.  No way he’s that out of touch. permalink parent award report block reply ItsFunToSay-M-A-G-A 7 points 3 days ago Guess it's time to buy another tube of this, since he's popped up again... 🍄 Mike Pence is Not a Fun Guy, He is a Fungus Among Us. Luckily, there is a Cure–Mikatin! 🍄 https://patriots.win/p/16c1zMaiRU/-mike-pence-is-not-a-fun-guy-he-/c permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 3 days ago Big Mike is Michelle Obama. 30 Pence is 'big' in no way. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 0 points 2 days ago I've never used it that way. Mike Pence is super short, but he thinks he's big enough to play with the big boys. I've read that Trump is 6'5" and Obama was 6'2" Pence is a 5'10" on a good day short stack permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Spindle-spin 11 points 3 days ago Big Mike thinks he's still relevant. The GOP has evolved so much in the last ten years. We've moved past his establishment politics. It's scorched earth or victory now. Big Mike Pence doesn't understand that permalink parent award report block reply johnqpublic864 23 points 3 days ago He knows he'll never win, but he won't turn down the opportunity to grift money from some dumbass old lames who don't like Trump's cussing. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 8 points 3 days ago This is exactly it.  No way he’s that out of touch. permalink parent award report block reply ItsFunToSay-M-A-G-A 7 points 3 days ago Guess it's time to buy another tube of this, since he's popped up again... 🍄 Mike Pence is Not a Fun Guy, He is a Fungus Among Us. Luckily, there is a Cure–Mikatin! 🍄 https://patriots.win/p/16c1zMaiRU/-mike-pence-is-not-a-fun-guy-he-/c permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 1 points 3 days ago Big Mike is Michelle Obama. 30 Pence is 'big' in no way. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 0 points 2 days ago I've never used it that way. Mike Pence is super short, but he thinks he's big enough to play with the big boys. I've read that Trump is 6'5" and Obama was 6'2" Pence is a 5'10" on a good day short stack permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
johnqpublic864 23 points 3 days ago He knows he'll never win, but he won't turn down the opportunity to grift money from some dumbass old lames who don't like Trump's cussing. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus 8 points 3 days ago This is exactly it.  No way he’s that out of touch. permalink parent award report block reply
Tele_Plus 8 points 3 days ago This is exactly it.  No way he’s that out of touch. permalink parent award report block reply
ItsFunToSay-M-A-G-A 7 points 3 days ago Guess it's time to buy another tube of this, since he's popped up again... 🍄 Mike Pence is Not a Fun Guy, He is a Fungus Among Us. Luckily, there is a Cure–Mikatin! 🍄 https://patriots.win/p/16c1zMaiRU/-mike-pence-is-not-a-fun-guy-he-/c permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 1 points 3 days ago Big Mike is Michelle Obama. 30 Pence is 'big' in no way. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 0 points 2 days ago I've never used it that way. Mike Pence is super short, but he thinks he's big enough to play with the big boys. I've read that Trump is 6'5" and Obama was 6'2" Pence is a 5'10" on a good day short stack permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Spindle-spin 0 points 2 days ago I've never used it that way. Mike Pence is super short, but he thinks he's big enough to play with the big boys. I've read that Trump is 6'5" and Obama was 6'2" Pence is a 5'10" on a good day short stack permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Karens_Ex_Husband 3 points 3 days ago No, he is running as a women, and he will take his current wife’s name — He will be known as Karen “The Fly Knows” Pence. permalink parent award report block reply
Run_over_Antifa 3 points 3 days ago I miss watching people suck his cock on here 24/7 permalink parent award report block reply VoteMAGA 6 points 3 days ago When the fly landed on his head, that was the dead giveaway he was not MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 4 points 3 days ago God sends little messages like that. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 3 points 3 days ago The fly did his very best to tell us what a piece on shit Pence is. Thank you based fly. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 3 days ago Now its Vance. Some people never learn. permalink parent award report block reply
VoteMAGA 6 points 3 days ago When the fly landed on his head, that was the dead giveaway he was not MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 4 points 3 days ago God sends little messages like that. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 3 points 3 days ago The fly did his very best to tell us what a piece on shit Pence is. Thank you based fly. permalink parent award report block reply
Run_over_Antifa 4 points 3 days ago God sends little messages like that. permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 3 points 3 days ago The fly did his very best to tell us what a piece on shit Pence is. Thank you based fly. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 3 days ago Now its Vance. Some people never learn. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 2 points 3 days ago The pedo communist party. permalink parent award report block reply
POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 3 days ago He’ll be running as a neocon knowing that the base hates neocons so that could pave the way for the dems to win easier. permalink parent award report block reply
Dantalian 42 points 3 days ago TraitorPence has to be the most DELUSIONAL politician to ever walk the earth. permalink award report block reply DelendaEstMarxismo 15 points 3 days ago If he wants to separate some idiot RINO donors from their money in a delusional vanity campaign that won't break 2% then I'm all for it. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 3 days ago Sounds good to me permalink parent award report block reply mohel 11 points 3 days ago He will make Jeb Bush look good permalink parent award report block reply alfredbester 7 points 3 days ago Trump taking Jeb apart piece by piece was some of the greatest political theater of all time. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins 3 points 3 days ago I highly doubt he could even get elected as a governor at this point. permalink parent award report block reply Protonboy 2 points 3 days ago Second most delusional. Have you forgotten that John Bolton actually ran?? permalink parent award report block reply Overtaxed 2 points 3 days ago That or he knows they can be stolen for the deep state as well. permalink parent award report block reply
DelendaEstMarxismo 15 points 3 days ago If he wants to separate some idiot RINO donors from their money in a delusional vanity campaign that won't break 2% then I'm all for it. permalink parent award report block reply AngeredKabar 3 points 3 days ago Sounds good to me permalink parent award report block reply
AngeredKabar 3 points 3 days ago Sounds good to me permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 11 points 3 days ago He will make Jeb Bush look good permalink parent award report block reply alfredbester 7 points 3 days ago Trump taking Jeb apart piece by piece was some of the greatest political theater of all time. permalink parent award report block reply
alfredbester 7 points 3 days ago Trump taking Jeb apart piece by piece was some of the greatest political theater of all time. permalink parent award report block reply
lolpaladins 3 points 3 days ago I highly doubt he could even get elected as a governor at this point. permalink parent award report block reply
Protonboy 2 points 3 days ago Second most delusional. Have you forgotten that John Bolton actually ran?? permalink parent award report block reply
Overtaxed 2 points 3 days ago That or he knows they can be stolen for the deep state as well. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 17 points 3 days ago Thanks Mike. I needed a good laugh. permalink award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 16 points 3 days ago Make Harris his running mate. They both have equal odds. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 14 points 3 days ago The delusions of grandeur and totally out of touch obtuse arrogance of this guy permalink award report block reply Lady_MaGa 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, when he says he wants the country free, he means for himself and illegals.  Not for the rest of us. permalink parent award report block reply
Lady_MaGa 4 points 3 days ago Yeah, when he says he wants the country free, he means for himself and illegals.  Not for the rest of us. permalink parent award report block reply
Washington_Redskins 10 points 3 days ago Maybe Pence and Kamala can be on the same ticket? permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 9 points 3 days ago Or he can run with Vivek so they can continue with the Johnny Quest memes - Race/Hadji 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 9 points 3 days ago Or he can run with Vivek so they can continue with the Johnny Quest memes - Race/Hadji 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 10 points 3 days ago Comparing 30 Pence to Judas is an insult to Judas. At least Judas regretted what he did, returned the money, and killed himself. permalink award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 10 points 3 days ago I don't know of a single Trump voter that wants anything to do with Pence at this point. He's irrelevant and one of the worst possible candidates the Republicans could bring out. Now Vance, on the other hand, is actually a great VP and I'd support him to be president after Trump. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 3 points 3 days ago To be fair, Pence would not be campaigning for that section of the voting base -- he would attempt to appeal to the Bush/Cheney/McCain/Romney Republican supporters or Clinton Democrat supporters (the Uniparty of neocons and neolibs). permalink parent award report block reply Taylor3006 1 points 3 days ago From the polls the last time he made a bid, he does not even have much republican support. The only people cheering on Pence were the never Trumpers who wanted to bash Trump over the head with his VP turning on him. No one wants Pence. To democrats, he is tainted by his association with Trump. For MAGA he is seen as a traitor. And for everyday republicans, they don't seem at all interested. Not even sure he managed to poll outside the single digits last time. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 3 points 3 days ago To be fair, Pence would not be campaigning for that section of the voting base -- he would attempt to appeal to the Bush/Cheney/McCain/Romney Republican supporters or Clinton Democrat supporters (the Uniparty of neocons and neolibs). permalink parent award report block reply
Taylor3006 1 points 3 days ago From the polls the last time he made a bid, he does not even have much republican support. The only people cheering on Pence were the never Trumpers who wanted to bash Trump over the head with his VP turning on him. No one wants Pence. To democrats, he is tainted by his association with Trump. For MAGA he is seen as a traitor. And for everyday republicans, they don't seem at all interested. Not even sure he managed to poll outside the single digits last time. permalink parent award report block reply
Noodly 10 points 3 days ago I wonder if Pence knew that Trump would survive his attempted cancellation and get re-elected, would he have supported Trump at the very end? I feel like he thought it was over and his choice was to save himself or hang with Trump permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 4 points 3 days ago It will be for naught. The uniparty/deep state will survive and will come back larger than ever. This will happen when you dont KILL THE FUCKING DRAGON!!!! permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 4 points 3 days ago It will be for naught. The uniparty/deep state will survive and will come back larger than ever. This will happen when you dont KILL THE FUCKING DRAGON!!!! permalink parent award report block reply
Executarian2 9 points 3 days ago He's got my vote! Literally not one person in human history permalink award report block reply
2Clutch 6 points 3 days ago He knows there are still a lot of retards who will donate to him. permalink award report block reply
IdahoDude 5 points 3 days ago He couldn’t win DogCatcher!! permalink award report block reply duznmatter 2 points 3 days ago He'd have a better chance of herding cats for a living. permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 3 days ago Gay autistic cats permalink parent award report block reply
duznmatter 2 points 3 days ago He'd have a better chance of herding cats for a living. permalink parent award report block reply wharfthrowaway 2 points 3 days ago Gay autistic cats permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 2 points 3 days ago Gay autistic cats permalink parent award report block reply
atomisten 4 points 3 days ago america is not my concern. permalink award report block reply
aqua27 4 points 3 days ago Please run so you can get destroyed because we see you as the traitor you are. These people are insane. permalink award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 4 points 3 days ago I'd love to see him booed off stage. permalink parent award report block reply
DontTreadOnLego 4 points 3 days ago I'd love to see him booed off stage. permalink parent award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 4 points 3 days ago 🪰🪰🪰🪰🪰 Flys for Pence. permalink award report block reply DT170x 5 points 3 days ago Vance/Fly 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 5 points 3 days ago Vance/Fly 2028. permalink parent award report block reply
ohwell316 3 points 3 days ago Good luck with that. Both sides don't like you permalink award report block reply
Fromseatoshinningsea 2 points 3 days ago He needs to suppress potential release of photos with boys. permalink award report block reply
MemeLawd 2 points 3 days ago The fly knew. permalink award report block reply
SoyLatte 2 points 3 days ago He will forever be 30 Pence to me permalink award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 3 days ago The fly didn't lie. permalink award report block reply
stargunner 2 points 3 days ago who the hell would vote for this guy? permalink award report block reply
Minn2000 2 points 3 days ago You laugh, but I think if Mike really applies himself in the next Republican nomination process, he'll drop in the November before election years instead of October. permalink award report block reply
FUSnowflake 2 points 3 days ago Fuck Off Judas Pence. permalink award report block reply
Sparks1017 2 points 3 days ago Hahahahaha, yes please 30 Pence permalink award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 2 points 3 days ago Well, he's got to collect his silver. The people who paid him to turn on trump will donate to his campaign, this completing the corruption with campaign finance money laundering. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Since Trump wont be on the ticket. It will be Vance, DePanties, Pence and maybe Hayley again. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago rubio is going to run permalink parent award report block reply peterthegreen 1 points 3 days ago Rubio said he wouldn't run against Vance. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago Right I'm sure that every thing politicians say is always 100% true. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago Since Trump wont be on the ticket. It will be Vance, DePanties, Pence and maybe Hayley again. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago rubio is going to run permalink parent award report block reply peterthegreen 1 points 3 days ago Rubio said he wouldn't run against Vance. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago Right I'm sure that every thing politicians say is always 100% true. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago rubio is going to run permalink parent award report block reply peterthegreen 1 points 3 days ago Rubio said he wouldn't run against Vance. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago Right I'm sure that every thing politicians say is always 100% true. permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 1 points 3 days ago Rubio said he wouldn't run against Vance. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago Right I'm sure that every thing politicians say is always 100% true. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 1 points 3 days ago Right I'm sure that every thing politicians say is always 100% true. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 2 points 3 days ago Its like when Bernie runs.  He will do it for money. permalink award report block reply
JanOctSept 2 points 3 days ago What a delusional faggot. permalink award report block reply
Brownwaterboys 2 points 3 days ago he couldn't wont even win his home state permalink award report block reply
MajorClark 2 points 3 days ago "We will  not be intimidated by the American people!"  Judas Pence Jan.6, 2021.    The American people aren't intimidated by you either you two faced, fly bait faggot.  Dems must be pretty desperate to let this faggot run. permalink award report block reply
NoClueForAName2 2 points 3 days ago The left isn’t gonna vote for him. Nobody that supports Trump is gonna vote for him. He would need a miracle to even pull off a campaign. permalink award report block reply
RiffFantastic 1 points 3 days ago 1 percent pence. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 1 points 3 days ago President of what country? It sure as hell won't be the US. Kamala gets more votes in that election. permalink award report block reply
Ricky_CIA 1 points 3 days ago What a retarded faggot. permalink award report block reply
Protonboy 1 points 3 days ago I think that he should run; he did such a great jjob in the primaries last time. I think he even got a vote. permalink award report block reply
RichieSprouse 1 points 3 days ago Ill rule it out for him. permalink award report block reply
559throw 1 points 3 days ago Fuck that faggot with bootyjuices dick permalink award report block reply
gorilla_grip 1 points 3 days ago He was probably told they’d get rid of Trump and he’d be president before 2020 and then he’d get reelected. But Trump beat all the lawfare and didn’t get convicted of the two impeachments permalink award report block reply
45fan 1 points 3 days ago He refuses to rule out putting another dick in his ass. There's 10 there currently, but the more the merrier he says. permalink award report block reply
BreakingCNN 1 points 3 days ago Good God it's his demo real for CNN! permalink award report block reply
DanIsSwell 1 points 3 days ago Hasn’t he seen; mass cheating isn’t enough lately. This fool isn’t getting any votes from either side 🤦🏽 permalink award report block reply
MAGASquatch 1 points 3 days ago The fly knows! permalink award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 1 points 3 days ago 'Keep faith' In Satan alright permalink award report block reply
FerkenBlerkin 1 points 3 days ago He won't make it past the primary.  He's owned and he'll run if they tell him to run.. permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 1 points 3 days ago How can someone get any more tone deaf? Who is his base, Bush/Romney/McCain-only voters like Pam Bondi? permalink award report block reply
Thereyago 1 points 3 days ago How else is he supposed to collect the rest of his payoff? He doesn't want to have to pretend to write another book. permalink award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 3 days ago That’s OK. We’ll rule it out for him. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 1 points 3 days ago What a bullshit artist. I’m surprised he isn’t a J. permalink award report block reply
Oleander 1 points 3 days ago I forgot about his first attempt. permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 3 days ago Rope for traitors! permalink award report block reply
journalist 1 points 3 days ago It would be interesting to see were his funding comes from…. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 1 points 3 days ago somebody didn't say something This isn't news permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 1 points 3 days ago He will call himself a unity candidate.  Big money will believe him. 100,000,000 will NOT vote for him.  But the alternative might be worse, so expect a third and fourth party candidate. permalink award report block reply
Znut55 1 points 3 days ago He BLEW any chance he may have had LONG before now...traitor! permalink award report block reply
Trump43v3r 1 points 3 days ago lol it would be funny to run him, I’ve always wanted to see a candidate get 0 votes. He will understand how hated and disgraced he is then permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 1 points 3 days ago Wolf in sheep's clothing Says all the right words pretending to be Christian permalink award report block reply
thechill 1 points 3 days ago The fucking balls on this guy permalink award report block reply
Boomstikchik 1 points 3 days ago That's the best joke I've heard all week! 🤣 permalink award report block reply
flowerswhatnocheese 1 points 3 days ago Delusional on a galactic scale permalink award report block reply
sleepinggiant 1 points 3 days ago Hes hoping he gets cheated in like your standard neocon. permalink award report block reply
LostElf 1 points 3 days ago I don't want to live in a world where Pence is elected President, because that would just mean the utter failure of America First and MAGA. He is the epitome of slimeball Uniparty politician. I'd rather see the fly get elected. permalink award report block reply
EastTexasMadLad 1 points 3 days ago Delusional permalink award report block reply
tooanalytical 1 points 3 days ago Zero. Fucking. Chance. permalink award report block reply
BillyBillington 1 points 3 days ago He means that he'll accept money to steal votes away from another Republican, depending on who that Republican is. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 1 points 3 days ago Whatever the fuck that meant. Loser pedophile. permalink award report block reply
DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Hold life, I'm gonna live it up
I'm takin' flight, I said I'll never get enough
Stand tall, I'm young and kinda proud
I'm on the top as long as the music's loud If you think I'll sit around as the world goes by
You're thinkin' like a fool 'cause it's a case of "do or die"
Out there is a fortune waitin' to be had
You think I'll let it go? You're mad You've got another thing comin'
You've got another thing comin' permalink award report block reply
delnaga 1 points 3 days ago He wouldn’t even make it through the primaries. permalink award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 1 points 3 days ago We are sooo laughing! https://patriots.win/p/1ARK5A9ZlA/hey-mike-pence-we-are-sooo-laugh/c/ permalink award report block reply
EdBuck 1 points 3 days ago He's a fucking retard permalink award report block reply
Forty_Five 1 points 3 days ago The dems will help him cheat. permalink award report block reply
bh506407 1 points 2 days ago So what? No one’s going to vote for him. He’s universally hated by MAGA. The only damage he could inflict is if he ran as an independent to siphon away Republican votes. At that point, he may as well just come out as a Democrat. permalink award report block reply
DieHeretic 1 points 3 days ago President of what? The Society of Backstabbing  Fake Conservative Traitors? Thirty Pieces of Silver Fraternal Organization? Cucks Anonymous? permalink award report block reply
Spike 1 points 3 days ago Get in loser. permalink award report block reply
Will-Not-Comply 1 points 3 days ago This guy doesn't understand how much the MAGA base hates him, he'll never be President. permalink award report block reply
BreakingCNN 0 points 3 days ago Is this the guy who spelled potato with an e on the end, which is actually technically correct, I guess? Or is this the guy who said, who Am i, why am I here? permalink award report block reply
CharlesWilliams 0 points 3 days ago A third party spoiler in the making. permalink award report block reply