48 What type of TALENT is President Trump referring to ? Why aren’t the universities teaching these talents to Americans Students so they can get a job ? Maybe we don’t understand the job market. Just exactly How Many Foreigners are here on H1B working in which Industries ? posted 4 hours ago by Marina 11 comments award share report block Maybe we just need to have a conversation
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save whatsupup 10 points 4 hours ago the kind of talent that Americans teach their replacements before being sent to the unemployment line. permalink award report block reply Marina OP 3 points 4 hours ago Same question. What talent do these foreigners have ? permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 3 points 4 hours ago Supposedly cheaper. Either way once the poos get in they tend to stick with poos permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 4 points 4 hours ago India and China have NO intellectual MFG knowledge that we want….. just go watch YouTube videos of how they really get things done……. Very unsafe and very ignorant…… it takes literally no time to train workers to do mfg especially when they are LITERATE! permalink award report block reply Hambonemcgee 1 points 4 hours ago Watch genius Indian repair huge industrial cog from scrap chunks of iron.  Don't bother magnafluxing that bad boy. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 4 hours ago Yup, you’ve seen some vids! That it in a nutshell! permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago Also this isnt India or China. Therefore hordes of indians and Chinese dont get to come here for any reason. permalink parent award report block reply BrewSwillis 2 points 3 hours ago The universities here are teaching their students to be good communists. We should stop giving them our tax dollars. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago H1b is a 2 year temp visa. The punejabs are a mass interchangeable horde and they just replace punjab patel #1 with punjab patel #2 every 2 years but it makes no difference to the average american. There is a permanent class of foreigners that are steadily taking more and more of your shit every day. Probably 1 mil illegal foreign Indians circulating in california at least. permalink award report block reply TGNX 1 points 3 hours ago The kind of talent that was offshored to India in the 90s by Clinton and hasn't been present in the US since then. It's very specific, and the TV is telling people that it's not. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 3 hours ago I gurantee you Trump is thinking if they are here then they won't be over there working against us. Considering what absolute failures our university system has become I wouldn't doubt that the sheen of the American university has been lost world wide. So it's like putting a band aid on a festering wound to try to entice those not going to marxist death cult camps to at least come here for work. Maybe he just told us news we didn't want to hear. permalink award report block reply
whatsupup 10 points 4 hours ago the kind of talent that Americans teach their replacements before being sent to the unemployment line. permalink award report block reply Marina OP 3 points 4 hours ago Same question. What talent do these foreigners have ? permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 3 points 4 hours ago Supposedly cheaper. Either way once the poos get in they tend to stick with poos permalink parent award report block reply
Marina OP 3 points 4 hours ago Same question. What talent do these foreigners have ? permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 3 points 4 hours ago Supposedly cheaper. Either way once the poos get in they tend to stick with poos permalink parent award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 3 points 4 hours ago Supposedly cheaper. Either way once the poos get in they tend to stick with poos permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 4 points 4 hours ago India and China have NO intellectual MFG knowledge that we want….. just go watch YouTube videos of how they really get things done……. Very unsafe and very ignorant…… it takes literally no time to train workers to do mfg especially when they are LITERATE! permalink award report block reply Hambonemcgee 1 points 4 hours ago Watch genius Indian repair huge industrial cog from scrap chunks of iron.  Don't bother magnafluxing that bad boy. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 4 hours ago Yup, you’ve seen some vids! That it in a nutshell! permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago Also this isnt India or China. Therefore hordes of indians and Chinese dont get to come here for any reason. permalink parent award report block reply
Hambonemcgee 1 points 4 hours ago Watch genius Indian repair huge industrial cog from scrap chunks of iron.  Don't bother magnafluxing that bad boy. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 4 hours ago Yup, you’ve seen some vids! That it in a nutshell! permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 1 points 4 hours ago Yup, you’ve seen some vids! That it in a nutshell! permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago Also this isnt India or China. Therefore hordes of indians and Chinese dont get to come here for any reason. permalink parent award report block reply
BrewSwillis 2 points 3 hours ago The universities here are teaching their students to be good communists. We should stop giving them our tax dollars. permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago H1b is a 2 year temp visa. The punejabs are a mass interchangeable horde and they just replace punjab patel #1 with punjab patel #2 every 2 years but it makes no difference to the average american. There is a permanent class of foreigners that are steadily taking more and more of your shit every day. Probably 1 mil illegal foreign Indians circulating in california at least. permalink award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 3 hours ago The kind of talent that was offshored to India in the 90s by Clinton and hasn't been present in the US since then. It's very specific, and the TV is telling people that it's not. permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 3 hours ago I gurantee you Trump is thinking if they are here then they won't be over there working against us. Considering what absolute failures our university system has become I wouldn't doubt that the sheen of the American university has been lost world wide. So it's like putting a band aid on a festering wound to try to entice those not going to marxist death cult camps to at least come here for work. Maybe he just told us news we didn't want to hear. permalink award report block reply