1807 Let’s stop pretending this was some “lone actor.” Nothing about January 6th happened in a vacuum. There were networks. There were handlers. There were people who knew exactly what was happening and when. posted 5 days ago by Capoditutticapi1 218 comments award share report block Kylie Jane Kremer @KylieJaneKremer • 5d The play is accountability, real accountability, not another D.C. cover-up. Now that alleged identity of the January 6th pipe bomber, Shauni Kerkhoff, is finally being forced into the light, every single person connected to that operation needs to be exposed and indicted. And C3 @C_3C_3 • 5d When it turns out the January 6th Pipe Bomber was a Capitol Hill Police officer watch how fast they claim it was a training exercise that just happened to be on January 6th. Of course it will be a lie. But that’s the play.
218 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style TurdFergusen 119 points 5 days ago Why do you think Pelosi is not rerunning. permalink award report block reply Yignuced 70 points 5 days ago It could also be she’s almost 90 and likely won’t live through another term, but I like to think there’s some 1/6 justice coming too. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 66 points 5 days ago McCain died in office and ran with a brain tumor didn’t he? For fuck sake look at Biden. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 27 points 5 days ago Diane Feinstein had very advanced dementia when she died in office. It wasn't even a secret. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 5 days ago I remember when they pulled her off of her death bed and wheeled her into the Senate to vote for the last time, absolutely horrifying, she literally looked dead permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SwampRangers 18 points 5 days ago u/Capoditutticapi1 , your thread has been hijacked by irrelevance at the top of the comments. This is too bad and is probably a result of this page being in the top 10 results for Google search on Shauni Kerkhoff. I see her name was already in the J6 mess but not as the pipe bomber. Facebook says she wiped her accounts in mid-2021 after leaving the police for a 3-letter intel agency. However, the recent allegation seems to stem solely from Mike Engleman who writes: Who is Shauni Kerkhoff, and why is she suspected to be the J6 pipe bomber in this photo? She was a U.S. Capitol Police officer, ex-DOJ prosecutor (Google ai, Gok) and believe it or now an ordained minister!🤦 In February 2016, she clicked "ordain me" on a website, probably while eating lunch.  Rumor has it the confirmation email arrived faster than her pepper-ball reload during the Capitol riot.  Now she can arrest you, prosecute you, and marry you, talk about full-service justice!  Gotta love the Fed-Protection system! So I'm looking for the sauce but so far this is only a partial unmasking and nobody seems to want to be the one to come forward with confirmation. There are lots of chatters this week that say this unmasking should happen very soon, but nobody wants to put the name forward but this guy. Be advised that you are now famous. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Maskurbator 1 points 5 days ago Don't forget Ruther Vader Ginsberg. The leftoids never let go of power. They are gluttons for power. permalink parent award report block reply ImpeachThisBitch 7 points 5 days ago If she dies in office, they better not cremate her. It will take 3 days to put out the fire. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 5 days ago Global temps will tick up 2 degrees. The black smoke welling up will signal a new king of hell. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rock9Head 5 points 5 days ago Feinstein, too. permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 4 points 5 days ago Hell, there was a democrat voting while he was in a coma. I think it was a fat kennedy. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 5 days ago He was trying to have an agreement made that his wife could take over! permalink parent award report block reply WhoMeTwo 38 points 5 days ago That's never stopped any of them before. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 12 points 5 days ago True. Mitch is now falling weekly in the Halls of Congress and nobody bats an eye permalink parent award report block reply Classygasoline 2 points 5 days ago True and I enjoy seeing it everytime permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad -6 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 13 points 5 days ago Violent insurrection by feds, agents and undercover government actors to solidify a stolen election and try to jail Trump. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... 1True-translation 4 points 5 days ago Mods ignore this why? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MrCuriousGuy513 17 points 5 days ago I don’t think it’s age but there is chance of her being forced out. This isn’t something that party wants to be easily connected too.
Time will tell all, and some say Trump can potentially turn up the heat now that most of his foreign policy is in place.
Let’s see if anything else reveals itself. permalink parent award report block reply PubliusRex 8 points 5 days ago I hope that she lives a very long time and passes quietly and peacefully surrounded by her loved ones IN SAN FRANCISCO. I don't want anyone to get the great idea of her laying in state in the Capitol Rotunda, as I'm certain it would open a portal to the underworld as Satan reclaims his bride. permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 5 points 5 days ago If this was the case, why retire. She could do more to stop investigations while in office instead of out. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago Perp walk, especially if there are several has very bad optics. KEK² It's impossible to guess a timeline to many moving pieces. Chanting 2 more weeks is going to bite a lot of folks in the ass. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... LaVaughnRobinson 19 points 5 days ago Still waiting for all the video/audio tapes her daughter recorded that day.  Any day Kash and Bondi.  Fuck ill die if I hold my breath waiting. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 5 days ago Tick Tock permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 14 points 5 days ago Adrenochrome supply running low with ICE finding all those lost kids. But we know that's not true. she probably doesn't want to pull a Diane Feinstein and most likely was ordered from California's Politburo to not seek reelection. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 6 points 5 days ago State Senator from San Franciso - Scott Wiener is taking her place. A worthy successor.  All's well. permalink parent award report block reply Constitutionalist_73 3 points 5 days ago That will truly be a sad day. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 5 days ago He'd win too. Make pedophilia legal in all 50 states... Why? Because our Republicucks would not oppose the bill.  Specially R. Paul he'd go for it. permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 11 points 5 days ago Because she's OLD. Her boobs could run as they're only half her age. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 9 points 5 days ago and her boobs could literally run because they literally touch the ground. permalink parent award report block reply Parabelum 2 points 4 days ago carpet burn permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 4 days ago Ouch! on her boobs. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 6 points 5 days ago You think Pelosi is not rerunning because of this? permalink parent award report block reply ACActual 8 points 5 days ago Story was supposed to break yesterday permalink parent award report block reply load 12 more comments... Settin 64 points 5 days ago I woulda figured a fed, but capitol hill police is close enough. permalink award report block reply Yignuced 44 points 5 days ago She’s likely both permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 31 points 5 days ago I heard she works for a different agency now and scrubbed all her social media accounts shortly after leaving the Capitol police. Separately, why does Congress have a police force? DC Metro could do this job. We do not need 2,000 cops to protect what 585 members of congress. permalink parent award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 10 points 5 days ago SeeEyeAye permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 4 points 5 days ago CII? permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 10 points 5 days ago They are a Congressional Pretorian guard @ 01:00:00 https://www.youtube.com/live/XCgMji9O-QU permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 11 points 5 days ago I wish. Praetorian guards actually used to turn on evil leaders. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago They have worked so hard for 5 years to disconnect any trace of who ordered her to do this.  Scrubbed every document, every text and email to ensure she isn't tied to Dem politicians controlling the staged J6 theatrical masterpiece. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 5 days ago You do when they’re your nationwide gestapo. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Capitol Police are there for the cover-ups of prostitutes and underage boys being raped and murdered permalink parent award report block reply Liberty49220 8 points 5 days ago She's on the other team for sure. https://www.npr.org/2022/03/02/1083927209/jan-6-riot-defendant-was-tip-of-this-mobs-spear-prosecutor-tells-jury permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Don’t link to NPR for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 6 points 5 days ago There’s footage of the “pipe bomber” waving to Capitol Police the night of incident. They were all in on it. permalink parent award report block reply hairless_ap3 5 points 5 days ago A capital police officer probably dumb enough to go along with it permalink parent award report block reply Bigdeal 3 points 5 days ago I just want heads to roll permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago So many heads.... So much rollings. permalink parent award report block reply Saxonlady 39 points 5 days ago Even my dumb ass knew the pipe bomber was a woman and in spite of every J6 attendee being hunted down with ease, after she wasn't, it was obvious she was part of the set up. permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 26 points 5 days ago The fact that the dems never brought it up on their own is proof she was part of it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago And the fact that Kamala never played victim because her ss agents and vehicle were nearby. They even let civilian families walk past the device they knew was there, alexjonesapp dot com's sources say democrats used a fake pipe bomb which they use in training. They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly, but they knew our side had proof it was fake. permalink parent award report block reply RexCollumSilvarum 2 points 5 days ago They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly Jussie Smolett and his hoax was this as well. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 5 days ago And the fact that they were laughable fake bombs with kitchen timers taped to them. Clearly the work of a woman permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Yup, 💯. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 5 days ago The notion the the FBI didn't know with in hours who placed the pipe bomb is ludacris. That the coverup has lasted years is proof of an ongoing criminal conspiracy! The purpose of the J6 hoax was to cover up a stolen election. That's Treason. permalink parent award report block reply MAGANatsFan 38 points 5 days ago Did I miss something? How do we know it is this woman? permalink award report block reply Liberty49220 36 points 5 days ago Steve Baker at Blaze apparently outed her. Still looking for a better source. permalink parent award report block reply CommieCucker 12 points 5 days ago I can't find one; main red flag is nothing on revolver, and they were pretty much trying to claim exclusivity on the story since day 1, I can't believe they would be silent on it now permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 6 points 5 days ago If they can't confirm. They can't confirm. Its probably tied up in a classified investigation right now. permalink parent award report block reply AyChiXuaxua 7 points 5 days ago I listened to Steve talk on Glenn Beck's radio show about this.  Steve sounded like your usual grifter with "you won't believe the evidence once you see it." and "I can only reveal so much now, but more is coming trust me." permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago Two more weeks permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 5 days ago he named someone? And how did he find out? permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 5 points 5 days ago I read a crazy story that the pipe bomber was Kamala’s stepdaughter. That nonbinary freak. I mean that tracks but who knows. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 8 points 5 days ago She would’ve needed more padding… permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 5 days ago The gait, definitely moved like a woman, and has that build. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins 2 points 5 days ago https://x.com/theblaze/status/1986113033018503295?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply that_sound 1 points 5 days ago I tell you... permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 34 points 5 days ago I am appalled at the lack of hangings in this country permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 7 points 5 days ago I like the cut of your jib. ⛵️ permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 6 points 5 days ago When we learn that she did this as part of her job and not as some looney lone wolf there needs to be a multi-gallows put into service. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 5 days ago Based on her manly pic it looks like they probably offered her some special tranny services like surgery etc. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago Buy one ball get the second ball FREE!! permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 2 points 5 days ago The wind of change is blowing and it's name is President Donald J Trump. Hurricane force. permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 29 points 5 days ago Lol. This is the stuff that makes people look into the "training exercises" at Sandy Hook and on 9/11. permalink award report block reply FKH2 11 points 5 days ago You mean Gene Rosen being the one and only witness to the event that must not be named being interviewed by like 10- 15 different news outlets and giving a different version of events everytime did not tip you off originally permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 11 points 5 days ago Bro watch "We need to talk about Sandy Hook. " That's not even a fraction of it. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 5 points 5 days ago I have watched it many times my friend but it's been years permalink parent award report block reply LibertyFox 26 points 5 days ago Bongino said exactly this on his podcast last year. permalink award report block reply FKH2 12 points 5 days ago Who is this Bongino fellow of which you speak, have not heard much from anyone with the name Bongino in quite some time permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago I have dislexia... Boniggo is what I saw permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 2 points 5 days ago This is the comedy of it all. Everyone here says stfu and work, so he does. Everyone then says why haven't we heard from Dan!?!  So he talks. Then people criticize him for talking and not working. permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 5 days ago Downvote all you want, doesn't change the hypocracy. permalink parent award report block reply 202_ 1 points 5 days ago Where are the results? permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 4 days ago Happening constantly, just not the specific results you want. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 9 points 5 days ago All talk no action. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 5 days ago My first thought. permalink parent award report block reply RichyCummingHAAM 1 points 5 days ago She was also the governments
star witness in the January 6th witchhunt permalink parent award report block reply mathteach314159 19 points 5 days ago Can’t say training exercise now, its almost been 5 years. That should have come out the week of the incident if that was truly the case. permalink award report block reply R3tro 18 points 5 days ago She’ll be dead next to cover the tracks off all involved permalink award report block reply AnAmishWithATude 13 points 5 days ago Weird how many police there died after the fact. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Somewhere around 6 cops magically died after j6. Similarly around thirty AfD leaders have been assassinated in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 2 points 5 days ago I mean if an 80 lb, 90 year old grandma with stage four cancer came charging at me, I’d take my own life too. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 15 points 5 days ago So she’s a Trump supporter and election denier then? Isn’t that how this works? permalink award report block reply ACActual 14 points 5 days ago Seraphin said the FBI interviewed her.  The cover up goes all the way up permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Alex Jones has had Kyle on a lot, and says he's one of the most accurate sources. permalink parent award report block reply AstroLonghorn 12 points 5 days ago Kind of wild that they had all that video footage for years but failed to investigate that even one time. It’s almost like the Biden admin, idk, COVERED IT UP permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 5 days ago The entire J6 pearl clutching was a manufactured op to help cover up the stink of yet another democrat fueled race riot the country dealt with for an entire summer. permalink award report block reply FKH2 7 points 5 days ago And stolen  election permalink parent award report block reply Eddie_LeBec 11 points 5 days ago Its important to remember this pipebomb being found was VERY VERY important to Nancy Pelosi suspending regular order and stopping debate.
That's why the discovery had to be timed.
I believe Kamala was in on it too. Her visit to the DNC and her SS team not finding it in their sweep.
The announcement of the pipe bomb had to come at a certain time for Nancy.  Too soon you never get Trump telling people to go to the capital or the "breech" too late and debate on the floor happens permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago They did find it, my comment above explained their suspicious actions. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 10 points 5 days ago Same with the Kirk assassination. A coordinated op. It came out awhile back that the FBI knew who the "pipe bomber" was and that they'd been told to stand down their surveillance of him. "A former Air Force chief master sergeant who was now working as a contractor with a security clearance" https://archive.is/xY8gr Are these the same person? The FBI whistleblower that revealed this also, interestingly, thinks that Kash's PragerU squeeze is a honeypot handler meant to keep him kosher. https://www.timesofisrael.com/fbi-chiefs-girlfriend-sues-podcaster-for-claiming-shes-an-israeli-honeypot-agent/ permalink award report block reply FKH2 7 points 5 days ago Alexis Wilkins is the most obvious Honey Pot in history permalink parent award report block reply madisonmaga 0 points 5 days ago No, Alexis is just a dumb girl. There's no evidence of her being a honeypot. We should keep conspiracies to things that actually have some evidence and not just wild speculation. The latter poisons the well and makes legit conspiracies sound dumb. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle. The theory is that the patsy was being monitored and or directed, and once he got there a pro took the shot. They find a useful idiot and piggyback on him to complete the mission. They say his big donors may have done the hit because they feel like they own you and if you change your mind and go against them they kill you. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 1 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle That would certainly explain some things, like the lack of characteristic damage done by the 30-06. There's so much that's odd about the circumstances of the assassination and there's an effort to smear people for talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 10 points 5 days ago Didn't Nancy Pelosi just announce she's not running again? Funny coincidence, that. permalink award report block reply Cali_Republican 9 points 5 days ago Future New Article
"Shauni Kerkhoff takes own life with 2 bullets in the back of the head and 37 spinal stabbings after psychological torment of the events of January 6th MAGA riots plagued her mentally" permalink award report block reply HunterBidensPC 9 points 5 days ago What a stupid lie that would be too— We had an exercise where we placed a pipe bomb at the capital the day before we knew the J6 crowd would show up Then we lied about it for 5 years and pretended we didn’t know who it was when all along we could have just said it was a training exercise Fuck these people-tell the pipe bomber they can have the J6 prisoner treatment or they can give names of all those responsible for covering it up so we can shoot them and give you a normal prison sentence permalink award report block reply Keiichi81 8 points 5 days ago They wanted mass violence. They wanted a terror attack. They wanted a pretext to lock Trump up along with all his allies, and brand MAGA a domestic terror group so they could stamp it out with the full force of the government. Even with the pathetic little riot they got where the only casualty was on the MAGA side, look how far they tried to push it. Trump completely banned from all mainstream social media, dragged through the courts multiple times for whatever bullshit they could try to pin on him, thousands of conservatives thrown into DC gulags with their lives destroyed for the crime of walking through some open doors... The whole damn thing was a setup. permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 4 points 5 days ago I still maintain that they also confiscated Donald Trump’s passport and banned him from leaving the country for 4 years. He never mentioned it, as he was likely under yet another gag order from a corrupt DC judge, but he never travelled overseas during the constant barrage of fake lawfare indictments.  Not even to his beloved golf course in Scotland.  They actually grounded the former President of the United States. These Bolshevik activists have to be held accountable and soon. permalink parent award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 3 points 5 days ago Nailed it! permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 8 points 5 days ago Wow. So people here figured this out over five years ago. Whoever you are, take a bow. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 5 days ago /bow permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago kek! permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 8 points 5 days ago Nancy is the Lone Wolf. permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 7 points 5 days ago arrest her and seek treason capital punishment.  Watch her sing like a canary permalink award report block reply PoonDong 7 points 5 days ago She testified against J6 defendants as well. Google her name and it pops up. At least one. permalink award report block reply DeadOverRed 7 points 5 days ago Your government wants you dead or in slavery permalink award report block reply givethismanacoat 7 points 5 days ago This should be the top story on every news stations across the USA. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 2 points 5 days ago https://x.com/TonySeruga/status/1986840117328461992 permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago 🥱 permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 5 days ago Prior to her career in law enforcement, Kerkhoff was a collegiate women's soccer goalkeeper at Temple University Dyke spotted. permalink award report block reply Beer-_-Belly 7 points 5 days ago So can we assume that there were FBI, CIA, NSA, DEA, AFT, Capital Police, etc also in the crowd causing problems. permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago Aaaaaaaamd they’re all still employed there. permalink parent award report block reply birddogz 7 points 5 days ago If only we has a real AG and someone trying to land their next Fox bit permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Trey Gowdy with tits. All tits, no cattle. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp -1 points 5 days ago Everything is being uncovered, and here you are dooming. Pretender. permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Me too. permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 6 points 5 days ago You got that right, cleavage, uh Kylie.. permalink award report block reply ElectionMeddler 6 points 5 days ago And another conspiracy theory just turned into fact. permalink award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 6 points 5 days ago When do the hangings start? permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago 14 days? permalink parent award report block reply nonrate 6 points 5 days ago The issue now isn't finding evidence, it's finding the right people to acknowledge it and do something with it. permalink award report block reply julianReyes 6 points 5 days ago ray epps drops mic permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 5 points 5 days ago Remember all the buildings that burned during the summer of love?  Those were actually controlled burns conducted by the fire department. And during the 9/11 attacks, did you know building 7 was a planned implosion?  The more you know! permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 5 points 5 days ago There are approximately 2300 police and staff. Pension revokation for all unless they turn evidence. Stop playing softball with unionized federal employees. permalink award report block reply goldwater4ever 5 points 5 days ago FBI showed up at my house to ask if I had any knowledge about this Capitol police pipe bomber.. I'm sure I wasn't the only protestor that rented a room on Airbnb who got paid a visit.. How many folks who just showed up to visit our beautiful capitol, exercise their right to assemble and peacefully protest an election they felt was stolen were targeted by a weaponized intelligence apparatus they work and pay taxes to fund that wishes to destroy them? Liz Cheney's role needs to be looked into as well as it's my understanding she had something to do with granting and removing permits to and from certain people for the stage on Jan 6.. Don't know exactly what episode he covered this in, but Scott McMahan has dropped quite a bit of crazy info and coincidences around that fateful day.. https://www.biggertruthmedia.com/ It was a coordinated effort by the Uniparty to label Trump and anyone who supported him as an insurrectionist.. a crime punishable by death.
They sought to strip our rights, voices and power to vote and in the end, kill every one of us.. we are waiting for arrests and frog marches of everyone who was involved in the true insurrection permalink award report block reply YT45 4 points 5 days ago “Training exercise” my ass.  If that were the case, it wouldn’t have taken almost five years to come out. permalink award report block reply flyover_deplorable 4 points 5 days ago Paging Dan Bongino permalink award report block reply Just_dumping_fuel 6 points 5 days ago he hasn't picked up in weeks permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago Stack house nutrition User code “BONGINO” permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 5 days ago Is he even still employed there? permalink parent award report block reply ChyNahAzzWhole1 4 points 5 days ago Pelosi KNOWS, BONDI wont do shit! permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago Pam Bondi aka Tits Gowdy. permalink parent award report block reply BlueKentuckyGirl 4 points 5 days ago Call in the Slow Horses 🐎🍻 permalink award report block reply MythArcana 4 points 5 days ago Capitol Hill Police should be declared a terrorist network, even if this news is false. permalink award report block reply FrankDuncan 3 points 5 days ago Wasn't Nancy p in charge of capital police permalink award report block reply Obambi 3 points 5 days ago The CIA deep state was always real permalink award report block reply Mooma 3 points 5 days ago I hope his life insurance policy includes coverage for suicide. permalink award report block reply Goatboy66 3 points 5 days ago Have You seen the video " Everything wrong with the Capital shooting in twenty one minutes or less"??? Go check it out. permalink award report block reply WhoMeTwo 3 points 5 days ago Oh, look.... another of our trusted law enforcement members... I'm shocked.... SHOCKED, I tell you. permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago “Back the Bomb, I mean Blue” 👮‍♀️ 💣 permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 3 points 5 days ago They’re daring us to do something about it. permalink award report block reply Boruzu 3 points 5 days ago Same with Butler. No way did that happen in a vacuum. permalink award report block reply 1776Over1984 3 points 5 days ago We knew that! permalink award report block reply Constantin2024 3 points 5 days ago NOTHING. WILL. HAPPEN. We are faaaarrrr beyond the point where the original colonists decided they'd had enough, leading to the Revolution. We are even beyond the point where states pushed back on federal overreach, leading to the Civil War. I'm not sure what it will take for Americans to admit that the federal government, supported by dedicated ideologues in positions of governmental authority, is actively working to destroy our Republic, and will aggressively take anyone who opposes them down. permalink award report block reply dtrap 3 points 5 days ago Now all of those deaths of Capital Police seems like they may be something totally different. Cover up? Imagine the arrogance to kill people and then blame those crimes on peaceful Patriots? Even worse, to call yourself a journalist and forward that narrative. permalink award report block reply Squentin 3 points 5 days ago Charge her with treason permalink award report block reply barefootozark 3 points 5 days ago So... did she fall into one of Biden's autopen pardon groups for Capitol Police or not? permalink award report block reply kornesque 3 points 5 days ago What?? I am confused Gandalf right now, help me with sauce plz permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 6 points 5 days ago I don't know about sauce, but there's this: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK54Ts4k/here-is-bennyjohnson-on-the-late/c permalink parent award report block reply kornesque 2 points 5 days ago Hmmm.... interesting but I have to give it a grain of salt. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpLandslide20201 3 points 5 days ago The unselect committee thinks they scrubbed all the damning video however the Streamers have it all! permalink award report block reply Squentin 3 points 5 days ago This officer testified in J6 trials. https://www.npr.org/2022/03/02/1083927209/jan-6-riot-defendant-was-tip-of-this-mobs-spear-prosecutor-tells-jury permalink award report block reply JohnBarronGalt 3 points 5 days ago wow didn't have this on my bingo card. permalink award report block reply donteatthat 2 points 5 days ago Blah blah blah blah permalink award report block reply FCUK_REDDIT 2 points 5 days ago January 6th was being planned and rehearsed as early as June, prior to 2020 election. They stole 2020 election and knew they were going to. permalink award report block reply Gletkin 2 points 5 days ago Also with September 10th. permalink award report block reply JesusisLordofAll777 2 points 2 days ago 9/11 had some interesting training that hamstrung the response as well.  Our government is the most psychotic and tyrannical entity to ever exist. permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 5 days ago False Flag day. permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 2 points 5 days ago same with charlie permalink award report block reply Valiazaner 2 points 4 days ago And it was all coordinated by Nancy Pelosi who is conveniently retiring. permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 2 points 5 days ago They knew all along who it was. permalink award report block reply JohnN 2 points 5 days ago There were a whole lot of pissed off patriots there that day. permalink award report block reply Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Any group of 100 people has someone that matches someone's gait.  What's the other evidence? permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 5 days ago Who's pretending that? permalink award report block reply Ralphusthegreatus 2 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply Pissedoff2 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
TurdFergusen 119 points 5 days ago Why do you think Pelosi is not rerunning. permalink award report block reply Yignuced 70 points 5 days ago It could also be she’s almost 90 and likely won’t live through another term, but I like to think there’s some 1/6 justice coming too. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 66 points 5 days ago McCain died in office and ran with a brain tumor didn’t he? For fuck sake look at Biden. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 27 points 5 days ago Diane Feinstein had very advanced dementia when she died in office. It wasn't even a secret. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 5 days ago I remember when they pulled her off of her death bed and wheeled her into the Senate to vote for the last time, absolutely horrifying, she literally looked dead permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SwampRangers 18 points 5 days ago u/Capoditutticapi1 , your thread has been hijacked by irrelevance at the top of the comments. This is too bad and is probably a result of this page being in the top 10 results for Google search on Shauni Kerkhoff. I see her name was already in the J6 mess but not as the pipe bomber. Facebook says she wiped her accounts in mid-2021 after leaving the police for a 3-letter intel agency. However, the recent allegation seems to stem solely from Mike Engleman who writes: Who is Shauni Kerkhoff, and why is she suspected to be the J6 pipe bomber in this photo? She was a U.S. Capitol Police officer, ex-DOJ prosecutor (Google ai, Gok) and believe it or now an ordained minister!🤦 In February 2016, she clicked "ordain me" on a website, probably while eating lunch.  Rumor has it the confirmation email arrived faster than her pepper-ball reload during the Capitol riot.  Now she can arrest you, prosecute you, and marry you, talk about full-service justice!  Gotta love the Fed-Protection system! So I'm looking for the sauce but so far this is only a partial unmasking and nobody seems to want to be the one to come forward with confirmation. There are lots of chatters this week that say this unmasking should happen very soon, but nobody wants to put the name forward but this guy. Be advised that you are now famous. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Maskurbator 1 points 5 days ago Don't forget Ruther Vader Ginsberg. The leftoids never let go of power. They are gluttons for power. permalink parent award report block reply ImpeachThisBitch 7 points 5 days ago If she dies in office, they better not cremate her. It will take 3 days to put out the fire. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 5 days ago Global temps will tick up 2 degrees. The black smoke welling up will signal a new king of hell. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rock9Head 5 points 5 days ago Feinstein, too. permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 4 points 5 days ago Hell, there was a democrat voting while he was in a coma. I think it was a fat kennedy. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 5 days ago He was trying to have an agreement made that his wife could take over! permalink parent award report block reply WhoMeTwo 38 points 5 days ago That's never stopped any of them before. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 12 points 5 days ago True. Mitch is now falling weekly in the Halls of Congress and nobody bats an eye permalink parent award report block reply Classygasoline 2 points 5 days ago True and I enjoy seeing it everytime permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad -6 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 13 points 5 days ago Violent insurrection by feds, agents and undercover government actors to solidify a stolen election and try to jail Trump. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... 1True-translation 4 points 5 days ago Mods ignore this why? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MrCuriousGuy513 17 points 5 days ago I don’t think it’s age but there is chance of her being forced out. This isn’t something that party wants to be easily connected too.
Time will tell all, and some say Trump can potentially turn up the heat now that most of his foreign policy is in place.
Let’s see if anything else reveals itself. permalink parent award report block reply PubliusRex 8 points 5 days ago I hope that she lives a very long time and passes quietly and peacefully surrounded by her loved ones IN SAN FRANCISCO. I don't want anyone to get the great idea of her laying in state in the Capitol Rotunda, as I'm certain it would open a portal to the underworld as Satan reclaims his bride. permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 5 points 5 days ago If this was the case, why retire. She could do more to stop investigations while in office instead of out. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago Perp walk, especially if there are several has very bad optics. KEK² It's impossible to guess a timeline to many moving pieces. Chanting 2 more weeks is going to bite a lot of folks in the ass. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... LaVaughnRobinson 19 points 5 days ago Still waiting for all the video/audio tapes her daughter recorded that day.  Any day Kash and Bondi.  Fuck ill die if I hold my breath waiting. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 5 days ago Tick Tock permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 14 points 5 days ago Adrenochrome supply running low with ICE finding all those lost kids. But we know that's not true. she probably doesn't want to pull a Diane Feinstein and most likely was ordered from California's Politburo to not seek reelection. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 6 points 5 days ago State Senator from San Franciso - Scott Wiener is taking her place. A worthy successor.  All's well. permalink parent award report block reply Constitutionalist_73 3 points 5 days ago That will truly be a sad day. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 5 days ago He'd win too. Make pedophilia legal in all 50 states... Why? Because our Republicucks would not oppose the bill.  Specially R. Paul he'd go for it. permalink parent award report block reply ToxicAvengerOhio 11 points 5 days ago Because she's OLD. Her boobs could run as they're only half her age. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 9 points 5 days ago and her boobs could literally run because they literally touch the ground. permalink parent award report block reply Parabelum 2 points 4 days ago carpet burn permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 4 days ago Ouch! on her boobs. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 6 points 5 days ago You think Pelosi is not rerunning because of this? permalink parent award report block reply ACActual 8 points 5 days ago Story was supposed to break yesterday permalink parent award report block reply load 12 more comments...
Yignuced 70 points 5 days ago It could also be she’s almost 90 and likely won’t live through another term, but I like to think there’s some 1/6 justice coming too. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 66 points 5 days ago McCain died in office and ran with a brain tumor didn’t he? For fuck sake look at Biden. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 27 points 5 days ago Diane Feinstein had very advanced dementia when she died in office. It wasn't even a secret. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 5 days ago I remember when they pulled her off of her death bed and wheeled her into the Senate to vote for the last time, absolutely horrifying, she literally looked dead permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SwampRangers 18 points 5 days ago u/Capoditutticapi1 , your thread has been hijacked by irrelevance at the top of the comments. This is too bad and is probably a result of this page being in the top 10 results for Google search on Shauni Kerkhoff. I see her name was already in the J6 mess but not as the pipe bomber. Facebook says she wiped her accounts in mid-2021 after leaving the police for a 3-letter intel agency. However, the recent allegation seems to stem solely from Mike Engleman who writes: Who is Shauni Kerkhoff, and why is she suspected to be the J6 pipe bomber in this photo? She was a U.S. Capitol Police officer, ex-DOJ prosecutor (Google ai, Gok) and believe it or now an ordained minister!🤦 In February 2016, she clicked "ordain me" on a website, probably while eating lunch.  Rumor has it the confirmation email arrived faster than her pepper-ball reload during the Capitol riot.  Now she can arrest you, prosecute you, and marry you, talk about full-service justice!  Gotta love the Fed-Protection system! So I'm looking for the sauce but so far this is only a partial unmasking and nobody seems to want to be the one to come forward with confirmation. There are lots of chatters this week that say this unmasking should happen very soon, but nobody wants to put the name forward but this guy. Be advised that you are now famous. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Maskurbator 1 points 5 days ago Don't forget Ruther Vader Ginsberg. The leftoids never let go of power. They are gluttons for power. permalink parent award report block reply ImpeachThisBitch 7 points 5 days ago If she dies in office, they better not cremate her. It will take 3 days to put out the fire. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 5 days ago Global temps will tick up 2 degrees. The black smoke welling up will signal a new king of hell. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rock9Head 5 points 5 days ago Feinstein, too. permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 4 points 5 days ago Hell, there was a democrat voting while he was in a coma. I think it was a fat kennedy. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 5 days ago He was trying to have an agreement made that his wife could take over! permalink parent award report block reply WhoMeTwo 38 points 5 days ago That's never stopped any of them before. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 12 points 5 days ago True. Mitch is now falling weekly in the Halls of Congress and nobody bats an eye permalink parent award report block reply Classygasoline 2 points 5 days ago True and I enjoy seeing it everytime permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad -6 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 13 points 5 days ago Violent insurrection by feds, agents and undercover government actors to solidify a stolen election and try to jail Trump. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... 1True-translation 4 points 5 days ago Mods ignore this why? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MrCuriousGuy513 17 points 5 days ago I don’t think it’s age but there is chance of her being forced out. This isn’t something that party wants to be easily connected too.
Time will tell all, and some say Trump can potentially turn up the heat now that most of his foreign policy is in place.
Let’s see if anything else reveals itself. permalink parent award report block reply PubliusRex 8 points 5 days ago I hope that she lives a very long time and passes quietly and peacefully surrounded by her loved ones IN SAN FRANCISCO. I don't want anyone to get the great idea of her laying in state in the Capitol Rotunda, as I'm certain it would open a portal to the underworld as Satan reclaims his bride. permalink parent award report block reply brutustyberius 5 points 5 days ago If this was the case, why retire. She could do more to stop investigations while in office instead of out. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago Perp walk, especially if there are several has very bad optics. KEK² It's impossible to guess a timeline to many moving pieces. Chanting 2 more weeks is going to bite a lot of folks in the ass. permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
Viewer01 66 points 5 days ago McCain died in office and ran with a brain tumor didn’t he? For fuck sake look at Biden. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 27 points 5 days ago Diane Feinstein had very advanced dementia when she died in office. It wasn't even a secret. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 5 days ago I remember when they pulled her off of her death bed and wheeled her into the Senate to vote for the last time, absolutely horrifying, she literally looked dead permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SwampRangers 18 points 5 days ago u/Capoditutticapi1 , your thread has been hijacked by irrelevance at the top of the comments. This is too bad and is probably a result of this page being in the top 10 results for Google search on Shauni Kerkhoff. I see her name was already in the J6 mess but not as the pipe bomber. Facebook says she wiped her accounts in mid-2021 after leaving the police for a 3-letter intel agency. However, the recent allegation seems to stem solely from Mike Engleman who writes: Who is Shauni Kerkhoff, and why is she suspected to be the J6 pipe bomber in this photo? She was a U.S. Capitol Police officer, ex-DOJ prosecutor (Google ai, Gok) and believe it or now an ordained minister!🤦 In February 2016, she clicked "ordain me" on a website, probably while eating lunch.  Rumor has it the confirmation email arrived faster than her pepper-ball reload during the Capitol riot.  Now she can arrest you, prosecute you, and marry you, talk about full-service justice!  Gotta love the Fed-Protection system! So I'm looking for the sauce but so far this is only a partial unmasking and nobody seems to want to be the one to come forward with confirmation. There are lots of chatters this week that say this unmasking should happen very soon, but nobody wants to put the name forward but this guy. Be advised that you are now famous. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Maskurbator 1 points 5 days ago Don't forget Ruther Vader Ginsberg. The leftoids never let go of power. They are gluttons for power. permalink parent award report block reply ImpeachThisBitch 7 points 5 days ago If she dies in office, they better not cremate her. It will take 3 days to put out the fire. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 5 days ago Global temps will tick up 2 degrees. The black smoke welling up will signal a new king of hell. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rock9Head 5 points 5 days ago Feinstein, too. permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 4 points 5 days ago Hell, there was a democrat voting while he was in a coma. I think it was a fat kennedy. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 5 days ago He was trying to have an agreement made that his wife could take over! permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 27 points 5 days ago Diane Feinstein had very advanced dementia when she died in office. It wasn't even a secret. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 5 days ago I remember when they pulled her off of her death bed and wheeled her into the Senate to vote for the last time, absolutely horrifying, she literally looked dead permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SwampRangers 18 points 5 days ago u/Capoditutticapi1 , your thread has been hijacked by irrelevance at the top of the comments. This is too bad and is probably a result of this page being in the top 10 results for Google search on Shauni Kerkhoff. I see her name was already in the J6 mess but not as the pipe bomber. Facebook says she wiped her accounts in mid-2021 after leaving the police for a 3-letter intel agency. However, the recent allegation seems to stem solely from Mike Engleman who writes: Who is Shauni Kerkhoff, and why is she suspected to be the J6 pipe bomber in this photo? She was a U.S. Capitol Police officer, ex-DOJ prosecutor (Google ai, Gok) and believe it or now an ordained minister!🤦 In February 2016, she clicked "ordain me" on a website, probably while eating lunch.  Rumor has it the confirmation email arrived faster than her pepper-ball reload during the Capitol riot.  Now she can arrest you, prosecute you, and marry you, talk about full-service justice!  Gotta love the Fed-Protection system! So I'm looking for the sauce but so far this is only a partial unmasking and nobody seems to want to be the one to come forward with confirmation. There are lots of chatters this week that say this unmasking should happen very soon, but nobody wants to put the name forward but this guy. Be advised that you are now famous. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments... Maskurbator 1 points 5 days ago Don't forget Ruther Vader Ginsberg. The leftoids never let go of power. They are gluttons for power. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 20 points 5 days ago I remember when they pulled her off of her death bed and wheeled her into the Senate to vote for the last time, absolutely horrifying, she literally looked dead permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SwampRangers 18 points 5 days ago u/Capoditutticapi1 , your thread has been hijacked by irrelevance at the top of the comments. This is too bad and is probably a result of this page being in the top 10 results for Google search on Shauni Kerkhoff. I see her name was already in the J6 mess but not as the pipe bomber. Facebook says she wiped her accounts in mid-2021 after leaving the police for a 3-letter intel agency. However, the recent allegation seems to stem solely from Mike Engleman who writes: Who is Shauni Kerkhoff, and why is she suspected to be the J6 pipe bomber in this photo? She was a U.S. Capitol Police officer, ex-DOJ prosecutor (Google ai, Gok) and believe it or now an ordained minister!🤦 In February 2016, she clicked "ordain me" on a website, probably while eating lunch.  Rumor has it the confirmation email arrived faster than her pepper-ball reload during the Capitol riot.  Now she can arrest you, prosecute you, and marry you, talk about full-service justice!  Gotta love the Fed-Protection system! So I'm looking for the sauce but so far this is only a partial unmasking and nobody seems to want to be the one to come forward with confirmation. There are lots of chatters this week that say this unmasking should happen very soon, but nobody wants to put the name forward but this guy. Be advised that you are now famous. permalink parent award report block reply view 6 more comments...
Maskurbator 1 points 5 days ago Don't forget Ruther Vader Ginsberg. The leftoids never let go of power. They are gluttons for power. permalink parent award report block reply
ImpeachThisBitch 7 points 5 days ago If she dies in office, they better not cremate her. It will take 3 days to put out the fire. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 4 points 5 days ago Global temps will tick up 2 degrees. The black smoke welling up will signal a new king of hell. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Viewer01 4 points 5 days ago Global temps will tick up 2 degrees. The black smoke welling up will signal a new king of hell. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Rock9Head 5 points 5 days ago Feinstein, too. permalink parent award report block reply
projectarcturus1 4 points 5 days ago Hell, there was a democrat voting while he was in a coma. I think it was a fat kennedy. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 2 points 5 days ago He was trying to have an agreement made that his wife could take over! permalink parent award report block reply
WhoMeTwo 38 points 5 days ago That's never stopped any of them before. permalink parent award report block reply realPhantomFuck 12 points 5 days ago True. Mitch is now falling weekly in the Halls of Congress and nobody bats an eye permalink parent award report block reply Classygasoline 2 points 5 days ago True and I enjoy seeing it everytime permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad -6 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 13 points 5 days ago Violent insurrection by feds, agents and undercover government actors to solidify a stolen election and try to jail Trump. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... 1True-translation 4 points 5 days ago Mods ignore this why? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
realPhantomFuck 12 points 5 days ago True. Mitch is now falling weekly in the Halls of Congress and nobody bats an eye permalink parent award report block reply Classygasoline 2 points 5 days ago True and I enjoy seeing it everytime permalink parent award report block reply
Classygasoline 2 points 5 days ago True and I enjoy seeing it everytime permalink parent award report block reply
Govtizbad -6 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Yignuced 13 points 5 days ago Violent insurrection by feds, agents and undercover government actors to solidify a stolen election and try to jail Trump. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... 1True-translation 4 points 5 days ago Mods ignore this why? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Yignuced 13 points 5 days ago Violent insurrection by feds, agents and undercover government actors to solidify a stolen election and try to jail Trump. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
1True-translation 4 points 5 days ago Mods ignore this why? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MrCuriousGuy513 17 points 5 days ago I don’t think it’s age but there is chance of her being forced out. This isn’t something that party wants to be easily connected too.
Time will tell all, and some say Trump can potentially turn up the heat now that most of his foreign policy is in place.
Let’s see if anything else reveals itself. permalink parent award report block reply
PubliusRex 8 points 5 days ago I hope that she lives a very long time and passes quietly and peacefully surrounded by her loved ones IN SAN FRANCISCO. I don't want anyone to get the great idea of her laying in state in the Capitol Rotunda, as I'm certain it would open a portal to the underworld as Satan reclaims his bride. permalink parent award report block reply
brutustyberius 5 points 5 days ago If this was the case, why retire. She could do more to stop investigations while in office instead of out. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago Perp walk, especially if there are several has very bad optics. KEK² It's impossible to guess a timeline to many moving pieces. Chanting 2 more weeks is going to bite a lot of folks in the ass. permalink parent award report block reply
DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago Perp walk, especially if there are several has very bad optics. KEK² It's impossible to guess a timeline to many moving pieces. Chanting 2 more weeks is going to bite a lot of folks in the ass. permalink parent award report block reply
LaVaughnRobinson 19 points 5 days ago Still waiting for all the video/audio tapes her daughter recorded that day.  Any day Kash and Bondi.  Fuck ill die if I hold my breath waiting. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 5 days ago Tick Tock permalink parent award report block reply
TurdFergusen 4 points 5 days ago Tick Tock permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 14 points 5 days ago Adrenochrome supply running low with ICE finding all those lost kids. But we know that's not true. she probably doesn't want to pull a Diane Feinstein and most likely was ordered from California's Politburo to not seek reelection. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 6 points 5 days ago State Senator from San Franciso - Scott Wiener is taking her place. A worthy successor.  All's well. permalink parent award report block reply Constitutionalist_73 3 points 5 days ago That will truly be a sad day. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 5 days ago He'd win too. Make pedophilia legal in all 50 states... Why? Because our Republicucks would not oppose the bill.  Specially R. Paul he'd go for it. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 6 points 5 days ago State Senator from San Franciso - Scott Wiener is taking her place. A worthy successor.  All's well. permalink parent award report block reply Constitutionalist_73 3 points 5 days ago That will truly be a sad day. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 5 days ago He'd win too. Make pedophilia legal in all 50 states... Why? Because our Republicucks would not oppose the bill.  Specially R. Paul he'd go for it. permalink parent award report block reply
Constitutionalist_73 3 points 5 days ago That will truly be a sad day. permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 5 days ago He'd win too. Make pedophilia legal in all 50 states... Why? Because our Republicucks would not oppose the bill.  Specially R. Paul he'd go for it. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 2 points 5 days ago He'd win too. Make pedophilia legal in all 50 states... Why? Because our Republicucks would not oppose the bill.  Specially R. Paul he'd go for it. permalink parent award report block reply
ToxicAvengerOhio 11 points 5 days ago Because she's OLD. Her boobs could run as they're only half her age. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 9 points 5 days ago and her boobs could literally run because they literally touch the ground. permalink parent award report block reply Parabelum 2 points 4 days ago carpet burn permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 4 days ago Ouch! on her boobs. permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 9 points 5 days ago and her boobs could literally run because they literally touch the ground. permalink parent award report block reply Parabelum 2 points 4 days ago carpet burn permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 4 days ago Ouch! on her boobs. permalink parent award report block reply
Parabelum 2 points 4 days ago carpet burn permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 4 days ago Ouch! on her boobs. permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 1 points 4 days ago Ouch! on her boobs. permalink parent award report block reply
SurfandTurf 6 points 5 days ago You think Pelosi is not rerunning because of this? permalink parent award report block reply ACActual 8 points 5 days ago Story was supposed to break yesterday permalink parent award report block reply
ACActual 8 points 5 days ago Story was supposed to break yesterday permalink parent award report block reply
Settin 64 points 5 days ago I woulda figured a fed, but capitol hill police is close enough. permalink award report block reply Yignuced 44 points 5 days ago She’s likely both permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 31 points 5 days ago I heard she works for a different agency now and scrubbed all her social media accounts shortly after leaving the Capitol police. Separately, why does Congress have a police force? DC Metro could do this job. We do not need 2,000 cops to protect what 585 members of congress. permalink parent award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 10 points 5 days ago SeeEyeAye permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 4 points 5 days ago CII? permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 10 points 5 days ago They are a Congressional Pretorian guard @ 01:00:00 https://www.youtube.com/live/XCgMji9O-QU permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 11 points 5 days ago I wish. Praetorian guards actually used to turn on evil leaders. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago They have worked so hard for 5 years to disconnect any trace of who ordered her to do this.  Scrubbed every document, every text and email to ensure she isn't tied to Dem politicians controlling the staged J6 theatrical masterpiece. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 5 days ago You do when they’re your nationwide gestapo. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Capitol Police are there for the cover-ups of prostitutes and underage boys being raped and murdered permalink parent award report block reply Liberty49220 8 points 5 days ago She's on the other team for sure. https://www.npr.org/2022/03/02/1083927209/jan-6-riot-defendant-was-tip-of-this-mobs-spear-prosecutor-tells-jury permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Don’t link to NPR for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 6 points 5 days ago There’s footage of the “pipe bomber” waving to Capitol Police the night of incident. They were all in on it. permalink parent award report block reply hairless_ap3 5 points 5 days ago A capital police officer probably dumb enough to go along with it permalink parent award report block reply Bigdeal 3 points 5 days ago I just want heads to roll permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago So many heads.... So much rollings. permalink parent award report block reply
Yignuced 44 points 5 days ago She’s likely both permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 31 points 5 days ago I heard she works for a different agency now and scrubbed all her social media accounts shortly after leaving the Capitol police. Separately, why does Congress have a police force? DC Metro could do this job. We do not need 2,000 cops to protect what 585 members of congress. permalink parent award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 10 points 5 days ago SeeEyeAye permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 4 points 5 days ago CII? permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 10 points 5 days ago They are a Congressional Pretorian guard @ 01:00:00 https://www.youtube.com/live/XCgMji9O-QU permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 11 points 5 days ago I wish. Praetorian guards actually used to turn on evil leaders. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago They have worked so hard for 5 years to disconnect any trace of who ordered her to do this.  Scrubbed every document, every text and email to ensure she isn't tied to Dem politicians controlling the staged J6 theatrical masterpiece. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 5 days ago You do when they’re your nationwide gestapo. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Capitol Police are there for the cover-ups of prostitutes and underage boys being raped and murdered permalink parent award report block reply Liberty49220 8 points 5 days ago She's on the other team for sure. https://www.npr.org/2022/03/02/1083927209/jan-6-riot-defendant-was-tip-of-this-mobs-spear-prosecutor-tells-jury permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Don’t link to NPR for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 31 points 5 days ago I heard she works for a different agency now and scrubbed all her social media accounts shortly after leaving the Capitol police. Separately, why does Congress have a police force? DC Metro could do this job. We do not need 2,000 cops to protect what 585 members of congress. permalink parent award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 10 points 5 days ago SeeEyeAye permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 4 points 5 days ago CII? permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 10 points 5 days ago They are a Congressional Pretorian guard @ 01:00:00 https://www.youtube.com/live/XCgMji9O-QU permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 11 points 5 days ago I wish. Praetorian guards actually used to turn on evil leaders. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago They have worked so hard for 5 years to disconnect any trace of who ordered her to do this.  Scrubbed every document, every text and email to ensure she isn't tied to Dem politicians controlling the staged J6 theatrical masterpiece. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 5 days ago You do when they’re your nationwide gestapo. permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Capitol Police are there for the cover-ups of prostitutes and underage boys being raped and murdered permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 10 points 5 days ago SeeEyeAye permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 4 points 5 days ago CII? permalink parent award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 4 points 5 days ago CII? permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 10 points 5 days ago They are a Congressional Pretorian guard @ 01:00:00 https://www.youtube.com/live/XCgMji9O-QU permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 11 points 5 days ago I wish. Praetorian guards actually used to turn on evil leaders. permalink parent award report block reply
Bldg_2019 11 points 5 days ago I wish. Praetorian guards actually used to turn on evil leaders. permalink parent award report block reply
barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago They have worked so hard for 5 years to disconnect any trace of who ordered her to do this.  Scrubbed every document, every text and email to ensure she isn't tied to Dem politicians controlling the staged J6 theatrical masterpiece. permalink parent award report block reply
PensivePatriot 2 points 5 days ago You do when they’re your nationwide gestapo. permalink parent award report block reply
worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Capitol Police are there for the cover-ups of prostitutes and underage boys being raped and murdered permalink parent award report block reply
Liberty49220 8 points 5 days ago She's on the other team for sure. https://www.npr.org/2022/03/02/1083927209/jan-6-riot-defendant-was-tip-of-this-mobs-spear-prosecutor-tells-jury permalink parent award report block reply worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Don’t link to NPR for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply
worldowedexplanation 1 points 5 days ago Don’t link to NPR for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply
SurfandTurf 6 points 5 days ago There’s footage of the “pipe bomber” waving to Capitol Police the night of incident. They were all in on it. permalink parent award report block reply
hairless_ap3 5 points 5 days ago A capital police officer probably dumb enough to go along with it permalink parent award report block reply
Bigdeal 3 points 5 days ago I just want heads to roll permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago So many heads.... So much rollings. permalink parent award report block reply
DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago So many heads.... So much rollings. permalink parent award report block reply
Saxonlady 39 points 5 days ago Even my dumb ass knew the pipe bomber was a woman and in spite of every J6 attendee being hunted down with ease, after she wasn't, it was obvious she was part of the set up. permalink award report block reply MAGABOND 26 points 5 days ago The fact that the dems never brought it up on their own is proof she was part of it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago And the fact that Kamala never played victim because her ss agents and vehicle were nearby. They even let civilian families walk past the device they knew was there, alexjonesapp dot com's sources say democrats used a fake pipe bomb which they use in training. They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly, but they knew our side had proof it was fake. permalink parent award report block reply RexCollumSilvarum 2 points 5 days ago They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly Jussie Smolett and his hoax was this as well. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 5 days ago And the fact that they were laughable fake bombs with kitchen timers taped to them. Clearly the work of a woman permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Yup, 💯. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 5 days ago The notion the the FBI didn't know with in hours who placed the pipe bomb is ludacris. That the coverup has lasted years is proof of an ongoing criminal conspiracy! The purpose of the J6 hoax was to cover up a stolen election. That's Treason. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 26 points 5 days ago The fact that the dems never brought it up on their own is proof she was part of it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago And the fact that Kamala never played victim because her ss agents and vehicle were nearby. They even let civilian families walk past the device they knew was there, alexjonesapp dot com's sources say democrats used a fake pipe bomb which they use in training. They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly, but they knew our side had proof it was fake. permalink parent award report block reply RexCollumSilvarum 2 points 5 days ago They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly Jussie Smolett and his hoax was this as well. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 5 days ago And the fact that they were laughable fake bombs with kitchen timers taped to them. Clearly the work of a woman permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Yup, 💯. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 5 days ago And the fact that Kamala never played victim because her ss agents and vehicle were nearby. They even let civilian families walk past the device they knew was there, alexjonesapp dot com's sources say democrats used a fake pipe bomb which they use in training. They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly, but they knew our side had proof it was fake. permalink parent award report block reply RexCollumSilvarum 2 points 5 days ago They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly Jussie Smolett and his hoax was this as well. permalink parent award report block reply
RexCollumSilvarum 2 points 5 days ago They probably planned to have Kamala fake outraged on the news constantly Jussie Smolett and his hoax was this as well. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 5 days ago And the fact that they were laughable fake bombs with kitchen timers taped to them. Clearly the work of a woman permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Yup, 💯. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 2 points 4 days ago Yup, 💯. permalink parent award report block reply
DrBJTester 5 points 5 days ago The notion the the FBI didn't know with in hours who placed the pipe bomb is ludacris. That the coverup has lasted years is proof of an ongoing criminal conspiracy! The purpose of the J6 hoax was to cover up a stolen election. That's Treason. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGANatsFan 38 points 5 days ago Did I miss something? How do we know it is this woman? permalink award report block reply Liberty49220 36 points 5 days ago Steve Baker at Blaze apparently outed her. Still looking for a better source. permalink parent award report block reply CommieCucker 12 points 5 days ago I can't find one; main red flag is nothing on revolver, and they were pretty much trying to claim exclusivity on the story since day 1, I can't believe they would be silent on it now permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 6 points 5 days ago If they can't confirm. They can't confirm. Its probably tied up in a classified investigation right now. permalink parent award report block reply AyChiXuaxua 7 points 5 days ago I listened to Steve talk on Glenn Beck's radio show about this.  Steve sounded like your usual grifter with "you won't believe the evidence once you see it." and "I can only reveal so much now, but more is coming trust me." permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago Two more weeks permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 5 days ago he named someone? And how did he find out? permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 5 points 5 days ago I read a crazy story that the pipe bomber was Kamala’s stepdaughter. That nonbinary freak. I mean that tracks but who knows. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 8 points 5 days ago She would’ve needed more padding… permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 5 days ago The gait, definitely moved like a woman, and has that build. permalink parent award report block reply lolpaladins 2 points 5 days ago https://x.com/theblaze/status/1986113033018503295?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply that_sound 1 points 5 days ago I tell you... permalink parent award report block reply
Liberty49220 36 points 5 days ago Steve Baker at Blaze apparently outed her. Still looking for a better source. permalink parent award report block reply CommieCucker 12 points 5 days ago I can't find one; main red flag is nothing on revolver, and they were pretty much trying to claim exclusivity on the story since day 1, I can't believe they would be silent on it now permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 6 points 5 days ago If they can't confirm. They can't confirm. Its probably tied up in a classified investigation right now. permalink parent award report block reply AyChiXuaxua 7 points 5 days ago I listened to Steve talk on Glenn Beck's radio show about this.  Steve sounded like your usual grifter with "you won't believe the evidence once you see it." and "I can only reveal so much now, but more is coming trust me." permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago Two more weeks permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 5 days ago he named someone? And how did he find out? permalink parent award report block reply
CommieCucker 12 points 5 days ago I can't find one; main red flag is nothing on revolver, and they were pretty much trying to claim exclusivity on the story since day 1, I can't believe they would be silent on it now permalink parent award report block reply BrainwashedbyTrump 6 points 5 days ago If they can't confirm. They can't confirm. Its probably tied up in a classified investigation right now. permalink parent award report block reply
BrainwashedbyTrump 6 points 5 days ago If they can't confirm. They can't confirm. Its probably tied up in a classified investigation right now. permalink parent award report block reply
AyChiXuaxua 7 points 5 days ago I listened to Steve talk on Glenn Beck's radio show about this.  Steve sounded like your usual grifter with "you won't believe the evidence once you see it." and "I can only reveal so much now, but more is coming trust me." permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago Two more weeks permalink parent award report block reply
Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago Two more weeks permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman 1 points 5 days ago he named someone? And how did he find out? permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 5 points 5 days ago I read a crazy story that the pipe bomber was Kamala’s stepdaughter. That nonbinary freak. I mean that tracks but who knows. permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 8 points 5 days ago She would’ve needed more padding… permalink parent award report block reply
Suckitreddit 8 points 5 days ago She would’ve needed more padding… permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 3 points 5 days ago The gait, definitely moved like a woman, and has that build. permalink parent award report block reply
lolpaladins 2 points 5 days ago https://x.com/theblaze/status/1986113033018503295?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply
that_sound 1 points 5 days ago I tell you... permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 34 points 5 days ago I am appalled at the lack of hangings in this country permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 7 points 5 days ago I like the cut of your jib. ⛵️ permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 6 points 5 days ago When we learn that she did this as part of her job and not as some looney lone wolf there needs to be a multi-gallows put into service. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 5 days ago Based on her manly pic it looks like they probably offered her some special tranny services like surgery etc. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago Buy one ball get the second ball FREE!! permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 2 points 5 days ago The wind of change is blowing and it's name is President Donald J Trump. Hurricane force. permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 7 points 5 days ago I like the cut of your jib. ⛵️ permalink parent award report block reply
barefootozark 6 points 5 days ago When we learn that she did this as part of her job and not as some looney lone wolf there needs to be a multi-gallows put into service. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 5 days ago Based on her manly pic it looks like they probably offered her some special tranny services like surgery etc. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago Buy one ball get the second ball FREE!! permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 4 points 5 days ago Based on her manly pic it looks like they probably offered her some special tranny services like surgery etc. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago Buy one ball get the second ball FREE!! permalink parent award report block reply
barefootozark 2 points 5 days ago Buy one ball get the second ball FREE!! permalink parent award report block reply
DrBJTester 1 points 5 days ago This. permalink parent award report block reply
DrBJTester 2 points 5 days ago The wind of change is blowing and it's name is President Donald J Trump. Hurricane force. permalink parent award report block reply
45ichooseu 29 points 5 days ago Lol. This is the stuff that makes people look into the "training exercises" at Sandy Hook and on 9/11. permalink award report block reply FKH2 11 points 5 days ago You mean Gene Rosen being the one and only witness to the event that must not be named being interviewed by like 10- 15 different news outlets and giving a different version of events everytime did not tip you off originally permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 11 points 5 days ago Bro watch "We need to talk about Sandy Hook. " That's not even a fraction of it. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 5 points 5 days ago I have watched it many times my friend but it's been years permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 11 points 5 days ago You mean Gene Rosen being the one and only witness to the event that must not be named being interviewed by like 10- 15 different news outlets and giving a different version of events everytime did not tip you off originally permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 11 points 5 days ago Bro watch "We need to talk about Sandy Hook. " That's not even a fraction of it. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 5 points 5 days ago I have watched it many times my friend but it's been years permalink parent award report block reply
45ichooseu 11 points 5 days ago Bro watch "We need to talk about Sandy Hook. " That's not even a fraction of it. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 5 points 5 days ago I have watched it many times my friend but it's been years permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 5 points 5 days ago I have watched it many times my friend but it's been years permalink parent award report block reply
LibertyFox 26 points 5 days ago Bongino said exactly this on his podcast last year. permalink award report block reply FKH2 12 points 5 days ago Who is this Bongino fellow of which you speak, have not heard much from anyone with the name Bongino in quite some time permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago I have dislexia... Boniggo is what I saw permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 2 points 5 days ago This is the comedy of it all. Everyone here says stfu and work, so he does. Everyone then says why haven't we heard from Dan!?!  So he talks. Then people criticize him for talking and not working. permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 5 days ago Downvote all you want, doesn't change the hypocracy. permalink parent award report block reply 202_ 1 points 5 days ago Where are the results? permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 4 days ago Happening constantly, just not the specific results you want. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 9 points 5 days ago All talk no action. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 3 points 5 days ago My first thought. permalink parent award report block reply RichyCummingHAAM 1 points 5 days ago She was also the governments
star witness in the January 6th witchhunt permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 12 points 5 days ago Who is this Bongino fellow of which you speak, have not heard much from anyone with the name Bongino in quite some time permalink parent award report block reply Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago I have dislexia... Boniggo is what I saw permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 2 points 5 days ago This is the comedy of it all. Everyone here says stfu and work, so he does. Everyone then says why haven't we heard from Dan!?!  So he talks. Then people criticize him for talking and not working. permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 5 days ago Downvote all you want, doesn't change the hypocracy. permalink parent award report block reply 202_ 1 points 5 days ago Where are the results? permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 4 days ago Happening constantly, just not the specific results you want. permalink parent award report block reply
Gnatspeeds 2 points 5 days ago I have dislexia... Boniggo is what I saw permalink parent award report block reply
Gadsden 2 points 5 days ago This is the comedy of it all. Everyone here says stfu and work, so he does. Everyone then says why haven't we heard from Dan!?!  So he talks. Then people criticize him for talking and not working. permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 5 days ago Downvote all you want, doesn't change the hypocracy. permalink parent award report block reply 202_ 1 points 5 days ago Where are the results? permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 4 days ago Happening constantly, just not the specific results you want. permalink parent award report block reply
Gadsden 1 points 5 days ago Downvote all you want, doesn't change the hypocracy. permalink parent award report block reply
202_ 1 points 5 days ago Where are the results? permalink parent award report block reply Gadsden 1 points 4 days ago Happening constantly, just not the specific results you want. permalink parent award report block reply
Gadsden 1 points 4 days ago Happening constantly, just not the specific results you want. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 9 points 5 days ago All talk no action. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpMostUnMAGA 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 3 points 5 days ago My first thought. permalink parent award report block reply
RichyCummingHAAM 1 points 5 days ago She was also the governments
star witness in the January 6th witchhunt permalink parent award report block reply
mathteach314159 19 points 5 days ago Can’t say training exercise now, its almost been 5 years. That should have come out the week of the incident if that was truly the case. permalink award report block reply
R3tro 18 points 5 days ago She’ll be dead next to cover the tracks off all involved permalink award report block reply AnAmishWithATude 13 points 5 days ago Weird how many police there died after the fact. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Somewhere around 6 cops magically died after j6. Similarly around thirty AfD leaders have been assassinated in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 2 points 5 days ago I mean if an 80 lb, 90 year old grandma with stage four cancer came charging at me, I’d take my own life too. permalink parent award report block reply
AnAmishWithATude 13 points 5 days ago Weird how many police there died after the fact. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Somewhere around 6 cops magically died after j6. Similarly around thirty AfD leaders have been assassinated in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 2 points 5 days ago I mean if an 80 lb, 90 year old grandma with stage four cancer came charging at me, I’d take my own life too. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Somewhere around 6 cops magically died after j6. Similarly around thirty AfD leaders have been assassinated in Germany. permalink parent award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 2 points 5 days ago I mean if an 80 lb, 90 year old grandma with stage four cancer came charging at me, I’d take my own life too. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 15 points 5 days ago So she’s a Trump supporter and election denier then? Isn’t that how this works? permalink award report block reply
ACActual 14 points 5 days ago Seraphin said the FBI interviewed her.  The cover up goes all the way up permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Alex Jones has had Kyle on a lot, and says he's one of the most accurate sources. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 5 days ago Alex Jones has had Kyle on a lot, and says he's one of the most accurate sources. permalink parent award report block reply
AstroLonghorn 12 points 5 days ago Kind of wild that they had all that video footage for years but failed to investigate that even one time. It’s almost like the Biden admin, idk, COVERED IT UP permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 12 points 5 days ago The entire J6 pearl clutching was a manufactured op to help cover up the stink of yet another democrat fueled race riot the country dealt with for an entire summer. permalink award report block reply FKH2 7 points 5 days ago And stolen  election permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 7 points 5 days ago And stolen  election permalink parent award report block reply
Eddie_LeBec 11 points 5 days ago Its important to remember this pipebomb being found was VERY VERY important to Nancy Pelosi suspending regular order and stopping debate.
That's why the discovery had to be timed.
I believe Kamala was in on it too. Her visit to the DNC and her SS team not finding it in their sweep.
The announcement of the pipe bomb had to come at a certain time for Nancy.  Too soon you never get Trump telling people to go to the capital or the "breech" too late and debate on the floor happens permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago They did find it, my comment above explained their suspicious actions. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 5 days ago They did find it, my comment above explained their suspicious actions. permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 10 points 5 days ago Same with the Kirk assassination. A coordinated op. It came out awhile back that the FBI knew who the "pipe bomber" was and that they'd been told to stand down their surveillance of him. "A former Air Force chief master sergeant who was now working as a contractor with a security clearance" https://archive.is/xY8gr Are these the same person? The FBI whistleblower that revealed this also, interestingly, thinks that Kash's PragerU squeeze is a honeypot handler meant to keep him kosher. https://www.timesofisrael.com/fbi-chiefs-girlfriend-sues-podcaster-for-claiming-shes-an-israeli-honeypot-agent/ permalink award report block reply FKH2 7 points 5 days ago Alexis Wilkins is the most obvious Honey Pot in history permalink parent award report block reply madisonmaga 0 points 5 days ago No, Alexis is just a dumb girl. There's no evidence of her being a honeypot. We should keep conspiracies to things that actually have some evidence and not just wild speculation. The latter poisons the well and makes legit conspiracies sound dumb. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle. The theory is that the patsy was being monitored and or directed, and once he got there a pro took the shot. They find a useful idiot and piggyback on him to complete the mission. They say his big donors may have done the hit because they feel like they own you and if you change your mind and go against them they kill you. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 1 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle That would certainly explain some things, like the lack of characteristic damage done by the 30-06. There's so much that's odd about the circumstances of the assassination and there's an effort to smear people for talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 7 points 5 days ago Alexis Wilkins is the most obvious Honey Pot in history permalink parent award report block reply madisonmaga 0 points 5 days ago No, Alexis is just a dumb girl. There's no evidence of her being a honeypot. We should keep conspiracies to things that actually have some evidence and not just wild speculation. The latter poisons the well and makes legit conspiracies sound dumb. permalink parent award report block reply
madisonmaga 0 points 5 days ago No, Alexis is just a dumb girl. There's no evidence of her being a honeypot. We should keep conspiracies to things that actually have some evidence and not just wild speculation. The latter poisons the well and makes legit conspiracies sound dumb. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle. The theory is that the patsy was being monitored and or directed, and once he got there a pro took the shot. They find a useful idiot and piggyback on him to complete the mission. They say his big donors may have done the hit because they feel like they own you and if you change your mind and go against them they kill you. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 1 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle That would certainly explain some things, like the lack of characteristic damage done by the 30-06. There's so much that's odd about the circumstances of the assassination and there's an effort to smear people for talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 1 points 5 days ago With Kirk they say a second shooter took the kill shot with a weaker gun from behind and a much steeper angle That would certainly explain some things, like the lack of characteristic damage done by the 30-06. There's so much that's odd about the circumstances of the assassination and there's an effort to smear people for talking about it. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 10 points 5 days ago Didn't Nancy Pelosi just announce she's not running again? Funny coincidence, that. permalink award report block reply
Cali_Republican 9 points 5 days ago Future New Article
"Shauni Kerkhoff takes own life with 2 bullets in the back of the head and 37 spinal stabbings after psychological torment of the events of January 6th MAGA riots plagued her mentally" permalink award report block reply
HunterBidensPC 9 points 5 days ago What a stupid lie that would be too— We had an exercise where we placed a pipe bomb at the capital the day before we knew the J6 crowd would show up Then we lied about it for 5 years and pretended we didn’t know who it was when all along we could have just said it was a training exercise Fuck these people-tell the pipe bomber they can have the J6 prisoner treatment or they can give names of all those responsible for covering it up so we can shoot them and give you a normal prison sentence permalink award report block reply
Keiichi81 8 points 5 days ago They wanted mass violence. They wanted a terror attack. They wanted a pretext to lock Trump up along with all his allies, and brand MAGA a domestic terror group so they could stamp it out with the full force of the government. Even with the pathetic little riot they got where the only casualty was on the MAGA side, look how far they tried to push it. Trump completely banned from all mainstream social media, dragged through the courts multiple times for whatever bullshit they could try to pin on him, thousands of conservatives thrown into DC gulags with their lives destroyed for the crime of walking through some open doors... The whole damn thing was a setup. permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 4 points 5 days ago I still maintain that they also confiscated Donald Trump’s passport and banned him from leaving the country for 4 years. He never mentioned it, as he was likely under yet another gag order from a corrupt DC judge, but he never travelled overseas during the constant barrage of fake lawfare indictments.  Not even to his beloved golf course in Scotland.  They actually grounded the former President of the United States. These Bolshevik activists have to be held accountable and soon. permalink parent award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 3 points 5 days ago Nailed it! permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 4 points 5 days ago I still maintain that they also confiscated Donald Trump’s passport and banned him from leaving the country for 4 years. He never mentioned it, as he was likely under yet another gag order from a corrupt DC judge, but he never travelled overseas during the constant barrage of fake lawfare indictments.  Not even to his beloved golf course in Scotland.  They actually grounded the former President of the United States. These Bolshevik activists have to be held accountable and soon. permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 3 points 5 days ago Nailed it! permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 8 points 5 days ago Wow. So people here figured this out over five years ago. Whoever you are, take a bow. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 5 days ago /bow permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago kek! permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 8 points 5 days ago /bow permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago kek! permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago kek! permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 8 points 5 days ago Nancy is the Lone Wolf. permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 7 points 5 days ago arrest her and seek treason capital punishment.  Watch her sing like a canary permalink award report block reply
PoonDong 7 points 5 days ago She testified against J6 defendants as well. Google her name and it pops up. At least one. permalink award report block reply
DeadOverRed 7 points 5 days ago Your government wants you dead or in slavery permalink award report block reply
givethismanacoat 7 points 5 days ago This should be the top story on every news stations across the USA. permalink award report block reply Capoditutticapi1 OP 2 points 5 days ago https://x.com/TonySeruga/status/1986840117328461992 permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago 🥱 permalink parent award report block reply
Capoditutticapi1 OP 2 points 5 days ago https://x.com/TonySeruga/status/1986840117328461992 permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago 🥱 permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 5 days ago Prior to her career in law enforcement, Kerkhoff was a collegiate women's soccer goalkeeper at Temple University Dyke spotted. permalink award report block reply
Beer-_-Belly 7 points 5 days ago So can we assume that there were FBI, CIA, NSA, DEA, AFT, Capital Police, etc also in the crowd causing problems. permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago Aaaaaaaamd they’re all still employed there. permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago Aaaaaaaamd they’re all still employed there. permalink parent award report block reply
birddogz 7 points 5 days ago If only we has a real AG and someone trying to land their next Fox bit permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Trey Gowdy with tits. All tits, no cattle. permalink parent award report block reply grassshrimp -1 points 5 days ago Everything is being uncovered, and here you are dooming. Pretender. permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Me too. permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Trey Gowdy with tits. All tits, no cattle. permalink parent award report block reply
grassshrimp -1 points 5 days ago Everything is being uncovered, and here you are dooming. Pretender. permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Me too. permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago Me too. permalink parent award report block reply
ToxicAvengerOhio 6 points 5 days ago You got that right, cleavage, uh Kylie.. permalink award report block reply
ElectionMeddler 6 points 5 days ago And another conspiracy theory just turned into fact. permalink award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 6 points 5 days ago When do the hangings start? permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago 14 days? permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago 14 days? permalink parent award report block reply
nonrate 6 points 5 days ago The issue now isn't finding evidence, it's finding the right people to acknowledge it and do something with it. permalink award report block reply
julianReyes 6 points 5 days ago ray epps drops mic permalink award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 5 points 5 days ago Remember all the buildings that burned during the summer of love?  Those were actually controlled burns conducted by the fire department. And during the 9/11 attacks, did you know building 7 was a planned implosion?  The more you know! permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 5 points 5 days ago There are approximately 2300 police and staff. Pension revokation for all unless they turn evidence. Stop playing softball with unionized federal employees. permalink award report block reply
goldwater4ever 5 points 5 days ago FBI showed up at my house to ask if I had any knowledge about this Capitol police pipe bomber.. I'm sure I wasn't the only protestor that rented a room on Airbnb who got paid a visit.. How many folks who just showed up to visit our beautiful capitol, exercise their right to assemble and peacefully protest an election they felt was stolen were targeted by a weaponized intelligence apparatus they work and pay taxes to fund that wishes to destroy them? Liz Cheney's role needs to be looked into as well as it's my understanding she had something to do with granting and removing permits to and from certain people for the stage on Jan 6.. Don't know exactly what episode he covered this in, but Scott McMahan has dropped quite a bit of crazy info and coincidences around that fateful day.. https://www.biggertruthmedia.com/ It was a coordinated effort by the Uniparty to label Trump and anyone who supported him as an insurrectionist.. a crime punishable by death.
They sought to strip our rights, voices and power to vote and in the end, kill every one of us.. we are waiting for arrests and frog marches of everyone who was involved in the true insurrection permalink award report block reply
YT45 4 points 5 days ago “Training exercise” my ass.  If that were the case, it wouldn’t have taken almost five years to come out. permalink award report block reply
flyover_deplorable 4 points 5 days ago Paging Dan Bongino permalink award report block reply Just_dumping_fuel 6 points 5 days ago he hasn't picked up in weeks permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago Stack house nutrition User code “BONGINO” permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 5 days ago Is he even still employed there? permalink parent award report block reply
Just_dumping_fuel 6 points 5 days ago he hasn't picked up in weeks permalink parent award report block reply grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago Stack house nutrition User code “BONGINO” permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 5 days ago Is he even still employed there? permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 2 points 5 days ago Stack house nutrition User code “BONGINO” permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 5 days ago Is he even still employed there? permalink parent award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 4 points 5 days ago Pelosi KNOWS, BONDI wont do shit! permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago Pam Bondi aka Tits Gowdy. permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 3 points 5 days ago Pam Bondi aka Tits Gowdy. permalink parent award report block reply
BlueKentuckyGirl 4 points 5 days ago Call in the Slow Horses 🐎🍻 permalink award report block reply
MythArcana 4 points 5 days ago Capitol Hill Police should be declared a terrorist network, even if this news is false. permalink award report block reply
FrankDuncan 3 points 5 days ago Wasn't Nancy p in charge of capital police permalink award report block reply
Obambi 3 points 5 days ago The CIA deep state was always real permalink award report block reply
Mooma 3 points 5 days ago I hope his life insurance policy includes coverage for suicide. permalink award report block reply
Goatboy66 3 points 5 days ago Have You seen the video " Everything wrong with the Capital shooting in twenty one minutes or less"??? Go check it out. permalink award report block reply
WhoMeTwo 3 points 5 days ago Oh, look.... another of our trusted law enforcement members... I'm shocked.... SHOCKED, I tell you. permalink award report block reply grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago “Back the Bomb, I mean Blue” 👮‍♀️ 💣 permalink parent award report block reply
grenades_and_ham 1 points 5 days ago “Back the Bomb, I mean Blue” 👮‍♀️ 💣 permalink parent award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 3 points 5 days ago They’re daring us to do something about it. permalink award report block reply
Boruzu 3 points 5 days ago Same with Butler. No way did that happen in a vacuum. permalink award report block reply
1776Over1984 3 points 5 days ago We knew that! permalink award report block reply
Constantin2024 3 points 5 days ago NOTHING. WILL. HAPPEN. We are faaaarrrr beyond the point where the original colonists decided they'd had enough, leading to the Revolution. We are even beyond the point where states pushed back on federal overreach, leading to the Civil War. I'm not sure what it will take for Americans to admit that the federal government, supported by dedicated ideologues in positions of governmental authority, is actively working to destroy our Republic, and will aggressively take anyone who opposes them down. permalink award report block reply
dtrap 3 points 5 days ago Now all of those deaths of Capital Police seems like they may be something totally different. Cover up? Imagine the arrogance to kill people and then blame those crimes on peaceful Patriots? Even worse, to call yourself a journalist and forward that narrative. permalink award report block reply
Squentin 3 points 5 days ago Charge her with treason permalink award report block reply
barefootozark 3 points 5 days ago So... did she fall into one of Biden's autopen pardon groups for Capitol Police or not? permalink award report block reply
kornesque 3 points 5 days ago What?? I am confused Gandalf right now, help me with sauce plz permalink award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 6 points 5 days ago I don't know about sauce, but there's this: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK54Ts4k/here-is-bennyjohnson-on-the-late/c permalink parent award report block reply kornesque 2 points 5 days ago Hmmm.... interesting but I have to give it a grain of salt. permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 6 points 5 days ago I don't know about sauce, but there's this: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK54Ts4k/here-is-bennyjohnson-on-the-late/c permalink parent award report block reply kornesque 2 points 5 days ago Hmmm.... interesting but I have to give it a grain of salt. permalink parent award report block reply
kornesque 2 points 5 days ago Hmmm.... interesting but I have to give it a grain of salt. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpLandslide20201 3 points 5 days ago The unselect committee thinks they scrubbed all the damning video however the Streamers have it all! permalink award report block reply
Squentin 3 points 5 days ago This officer testified in J6 trials. https://www.npr.org/2022/03/02/1083927209/jan-6-riot-defendant-was-tip-of-this-mobs-spear-prosecutor-tells-jury permalink award report block reply
JohnBarronGalt 3 points 5 days ago wow didn't have this on my bingo card. permalink award report block reply
donteatthat 2 points 5 days ago Blah blah blah blah permalink award report block reply
FCUK_REDDIT 2 points 5 days ago January 6th was being planned and rehearsed as early as June, prior to 2020 election. They stole 2020 election and knew they were going to. permalink award report block reply
Gletkin 2 points 5 days ago Also with September 10th. permalink award report block reply
JesusisLordofAll777 2 points 2 days ago 9/11 had some interesting training that hamstrung the response as well.  Our government is the most psychotic and tyrannical entity to ever exist. permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 5 days ago False Flag day. permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 2 points 5 days ago same with charlie permalink award report block reply
Valiazaner 2 points 4 days ago And it was all coordinated by Nancy Pelosi who is conveniently retiring. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 2 points 5 days ago They knew all along who it was. permalink award report block reply
JohnN 2 points 5 days ago There were a whole lot of pissed off patriots there that day. permalink award report block reply
Psarg 1 points 5 days ago Any group of 100 people has someone that matches someone's gait.  What's the other evidence? permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 5 days ago Who's pretending that? permalink award report block reply
Ralphusthegreatus 2 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
Pissedoff2 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply