878 Paris Prosecutors Investigate TikTok Over Youth Suicide Content. The investigation follows a lawsuit against the company by French parents. (www.zerohedge.com) posted 6 days ago by rdvs34283 27 comments award share report block Paris Prosecutors Investigate TikTok Over Youth Suicide Content ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
27 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save BeauHD 29 points 6 days ago Maybe the parents should be PARENTING? Too late. They are all tied up watching the latest fad on TikTok themselves or on Facebook talking to their Gen X counterparts. permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 16 points 6 days ago 1000%... 'This company shouldn't be letting my kids watch this!' MFers, YOU shouldn't be letting your kids watch that! permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 6 days ago The fact they let their kids have  unrestricted smartphones with data plans in the first place is a parenting fail. permalink parent award report block reply lash 7 points 6 days ago You don't go much outdoors, do you... Its not just the parenting, society is cancer and sucks the life out of more and more people on a more and more general basis. Bastiat explained it in 1850 already, the law is perverted. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 5 points 6 days ago OK?....'sOcIeTy' has ALWAYS been dangerous....Parents' responsibilities are to choose a good 'society' for their family, shield their children from the pitfalls of it when they're vulnerable, while preparing them to deal with it on their own when they're not. permalink parent award report block reply AcquittedZombieSlay 2 points 6 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd.  Only a fringe minority will resist.  Always has been this way, always will be this way. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd. Only a fringe minority will resist. Always has been this way, always will be this way. Well, that's just not true, except if by "always", you mean the last 3 generations only. Homeschool your kids. Involve them in church from a young age. Make your beliefs known from an early age and constantly reiterate them. Treat your children's opinions as equal to your own.  Have open dialogue with them.  Encourage them to explore different ideas on things, then challenge those ideas by asking questions, not by telling them what to believe or demeaning them. Be stern but fair when doling out punishment. Be gracious to them when appropriate. Or.... Keep sending your kids to public school. Provide them a phone when they're 9 because 'all their friends have it', 'it helps us to keep track of them', or some other BS excuse because they think that 'no' means 'keep annoying him until he gives in'. Make them the butt of your jokes. Treat them like children until they're 16. Never give them household responsibilities. Don't require them to work to earn spending money. Always threaten but never follow through because 'they'll miss out', they promise to do better next time, or you want to be the 'fun parent'. Then bitch and moan because your children used their "freewill" to "follow the herd". If they have free will, why are you not indoctrinating them to stand up for themselves, challenge the herd, think independently and make wise choices? permalink parent award report block reply TheMrStone 17 points 6 days ago I'll never comprehend why people think it's the government's job to watch and monitor their children. They'll beg for the crushing boot of the surveillance state so long as they don't actually have to parent, no accountability. Sadly, Republican controlled states are giving into this too, for the same reason. Modern tyrants always use the "won't someone think of the children" to enact all sorts of atrocities, and people will let them. Bleak times we live in. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 6 days ago It's the typical "someone think of the children"  strategy with the real intent to reduce privacy and censor wrongthink. These globalist captured countries know their biggest weakness is the people freely sharing ideas without their government issued Karens monitoring. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ -1 points 6 days ago I mean within limits though. Tiktok and social media in general should be policing that kind of thing along with Porn and Public Nuisance content like dangerous challenges or pranks. Incentives for that kind of content need to go. permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 10 points 6 days ago Let me get this straight teen suicide on app bad Muslim rape gangs raping white little girl good okay France. permalink award report block reply Krat 3 points 6 days ago Soon to be here permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 4 points 6 days ago The fuck it will. The Tipping Point will come soon Muslim rape gangs forcing women into Sharia something will tip the country and the Crusades will happen again. And then I'll get a chance to kill 🐐fuckers again. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 8 points 6 days ago Keep your kids off the Internet if you don't want them on the Internet, it's neither the companies responsibility nor the governments. You are responsible for your children. permalink award report block reply Pied-Trumper 6 points 6 days ago Sorry, with a literal Mossad agent in control of censorship and Larry Ellison (largest donor to the IDF), we’ve gotta prioritize censoring criticism of Israel. The first step was removing the juice box emoji. If 100k white children off themselves, well, that’s just a price they’re willing to pay. Oh, and it’s by design. permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 5 points 6 days ago Guarantee it targets White kids. permalink award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 5 points 6 days ago Back when I was a creator (refuse to use the word "influencer" a kid in Italy committed suicide on TikTok live once due to online harassment (that ended up by admission of the bullies was all a total lie). I don't doubt this at all. Place is a filthpit. I've got stories for days, I even had fucking 13 year olds DMing me asking to be my boyfriend (I'm in my mid-30s, had it listed in my bio on there). I gave them a stern warning on the dangers of asking people online stuff like that, but also wondered where TF are the parents?! permalink award report block reply cyberwar 5 points 6 days ago tiktok is MKUltra style mind fuck by the Chinese Communist to destroy western societies permalink award report block reply SocraticMethod1 5 points 6 days ago Wait TikTok? Wasn't there one in France that was Kick and that poor disabled guy was LIVESTREAMED being tortured to death over weeks, mostly by being denied sleep. permalink award report block reply paramour 3 points 6 days ago Social media is a cancer. P.W is all we need! permalink award report block reply deleted 3 points 6 days ago mikejones 6 points 6 days ago Back when there were Trump rallies and thousands of comments during the rally with hundreds of thousands of views on multiple websites. Trump got us started but everyone here from the beginning are 10 years older now. New people are joining this site for other reasons. Still enough real people here though to keep coming but soon I see this place all bots once 2028 rolls around. permalink parent award report block reply NADSAQ 6 points 6 days ago Remember when he got elected, for the third time, and the need for rallies transitioned to fighting a culture war? permalink parent award report block reply Krat 7 points 6 days ago I rmember when we arrested absofuckinglutely nobody while democrats hunted regular citizens down and locked them up for years by the thousands while illegally flooding your neighborhoods with an invasion and we did nothing about it permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 5 points 6 days ago That was before we found out that draining the swamp factually meant draining Netanyahu's ball sack on a weekly basis. permalink parent award report block reply DudebroWhateverman 2 points 6 days ago Youth = trannies permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 2 points 6 days ago When nihilism was trending mostly incorrect it was the emoist of all emo. permalink award report block reply
BeauHD 29 points 6 days ago Maybe the parents should be PARENTING? Too late. They are all tied up watching the latest fad on TikTok themselves or on Facebook talking to their Gen X counterparts. permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 16 points 6 days ago 1000%... 'This company shouldn't be letting my kids watch this!' MFers, YOU shouldn't be letting your kids watch that! permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 6 days ago The fact they let their kids have  unrestricted smartphones with data plans in the first place is a parenting fail. permalink parent award report block reply lash 7 points 6 days ago You don't go much outdoors, do you... Its not just the parenting, society is cancer and sucks the life out of more and more people on a more and more general basis. Bastiat explained it in 1850 already, the law is perverted. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 5 points 6 days ago OK?....'sOcIeTy' has ALWAYS been dangerous....Parents' responsibilities are to choose a good 'society' for their family, shield their children from the pitfalls of it when they're vulnerable, while preparing them to deal with it on their own when they're not. permalink parent award report block reply AcquittedZombieSlay 2 points 6 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd.  Only a fringe minority will resist.  Always has been this way, always will be this way. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd. Only a fringe minority will resist. Always has been this way, always will be this way. Well, that's just not true, except if by "always", you mean the last 3 generations only. Homeschool your kids. Involve them in church from a young age. Make your beliefs known from an early age and constantly reiterate them. Treat your children's opinions as equal to your own.  Have open dialogue with them.  Encourage them to explore different ideas on things, then challenge those ideas by asking questions, not by telling them what to believe or demeaning them. Be stern but fair when doling out punishment. Be gracious to them when appropriate. Or.... Keep sending your kids to public school. Provide them a phone when they're 9 because 'all their friends have it', 'it helps us to keep track of them', or some other BS excuse because they think that 'no' means 'keep annoying him until he gives in'. Make them the butt of your jokes. Treat them like children until they're 16. Never give them household responsibilities. Don't require them to work to earn spending money. Always threaten but never follow through because 'they'll miss out', they promise to do better next time, or you want to be the 'fun parent'. Then bitch and moan because your children used their "freewill" to "follow the herd". If they have free will, why are you not indoctrinating them to stand up for themselves, challenge the herd, think independently and make wise choices? permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 16 points 6 days ago 1000%... 'This company shouldn't be letting my kids watch this!' MFers, YOU shouldn't be letting your kids watch that! permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 6 days ago The fact they let their kids have  unrestricted smartphones with data plans in the first place is a parenting fail. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 12 points 6 days ago The fact they let their kids have  unrestricted smartphones with data plans in the first place is a parenting fail. permalink parent award report block reply
lash 7 points 6 days ago You don't go much outdoors, do you... Its not just the parenting, society is cancer and sucks the life out of more and more people on a more and more general basis. Bastiat explained it in 1850 already, the law is perverted. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 5 points 6 days ago OK?....'sOcIeTy' has ALWAYS been dangerous....Parents' responsibilities are to choose a good 'society' for their family, shield their children from the pitfalls of it when they're vulnerable, while preparing them to deal with it on their own when they're not. permalink parent award report block reply AcquittedZombieSlay 2 points 6 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd.  Only a fringe minority will resist.  Always has been this way, always will be this way. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd. Only a fringe minority will resist. Always has been this way, always will be this way. Well, that's just not true, except if by "always", you mean the last 3 generations only. Homeschool your kids. Involve them in church from a young age. Make your beliefs known from an early age and constantly reiterate them. Treat your children's opinions as equal to your own.  Have open dialogue with them.  Encourage them to explore different ideas on things, then challenge those ideas by asking questions, not by telling them what to believe or demeaning them. Be stern but fair when doling out punishment. Be gracious to them when appropriate. Or.... Keep sending your kids to public school. Provide them a phone when they're 9 because 'all their friends have it', 'it helps us to keep track of them', or some other BS excuse because they think that 'no' means 'keep annoying him until he gives in'. Make them the butt of your jokes. Treat them like children until they're 16. Never give them household responsibilities. Don't require them to work to earn spending money. Always threaten but never follow through because 'they'll miss out', they promise to do better next time, or you want to be the 'fun parent'. Then bitch and moan because your children used their "freewill" to "follow the herd". If they have free will, why are you not indoctrinating them to stand up for themselves, challenge the herd, think independently and make wise choices? permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 5 points 6 days ago OK?....'sOcIeTy' has ALWAYS been dangerous....Parents' responsibilities are to choose a good 'society' for their family, shield their children from the pitfalls of it when they're vulnerable, while preparing them to deal with it on their own when they're not. permalink parent award report block reply AcquittedZombieSlay 2 points 6 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd.  Only a fringe minority will resist.  Always has been this way, always will be this way. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd. Only a fringe minority will resist. Always has been this way, always will be this way. Well, that's just not true, except if by "always", you mean the last 3 generations only. Homeschool your kids. Involve them in church from a young age. Make your beliefs known from an early age and constantly reiterate them. Treat your children's opinions as equal to your own.  Have open dialogue with them.  Encourage them to explore different ideas on things, then challenge those ideas by asking questions, not by telling them what to believe or demeaning them. Be stern but fair when doling out punishment. Be gracious to them when appropriate. Or.... Keep sending your kids to public school. Provide them a phone when they're 9 because 'all their friends have it', 'it helps us to keep track of them', or some other BS excuse because they think that 'no' means 'keep annoying him until he gives in'. Make them the butt of your jokes. Treat them like children until they're 16. Never give them household responsibilities. Don't require them to work to earn spending money. Always threaten but never follow through because 'they'll miss out', they promise to do better next time, or you want to be the 'fun parent'. Then bitch and moan because your children used their "freewill" to "follow the herd". If they have free will, why are you not indoctrinating them to stand up for themselves, challenge the herd, think independently and make wise choices? permalink parent award report block reply
AcquittedZombieSlay 2 points 6 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd.  Only a fringe minority will resist.  Always has been this way, always will be this way. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd. Only a fringe minority will resist. Always has been this way, always will be this way. Well, that's just not true, except if by "always", you mean the last 3 generations only. Homeschool your kids. Involve them in church from a young age. Make your beliefs known from an early age and constantly reiterate them. Treat your children's opinions as equal to your own.  Have open dialogue with them.  Encourage them to explore different ideas on things, then challenge those ideas by asking questions, not by telling them what to believe or demeaning them. Be stern but fair when doling out punishment. Be gracious to them when appropriate. Or.... Keep sending your kids to public school. Provide them a phone when they're 9 because 'all their friends have it', 'it helps us to keep track of them', or some other BS excuse because they think that 'no' means 'keep annoying him until he gives in'. Make them the butt of your jokes. Treat them like children until they're 16. Never give them household responsibilities. Don't require them to work to earn spending money. Always threaten but never follow through because 'they'll miss out', they promise to do better next time, or you want to be the 'fun parent'. Then bitch and moan because your children used their "freewill" to "follow the herd". If they have free will, why are you not indoctrinating them to stand up for themselves, challenge the herd, think independently and make wise choices? permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 1 points 5 days ago you say that like kids don't have freewill and don't go with the herd. Only a fringe minority will resist. Always has been this way, always will be this way. Well, that's just not true, except if by "always", you mean the last 3 generations only. Homeschool your kids. Involve them in church from a young age. Make your beliefs known from an early age and constantly reiterate them. Treat your children's opinions as equal to your own.  Have open dialogue with them.  Encourage them to explore different ideas on things, then challenge those ideas by asking questions, not by telling them what to believe or demeaning them. Be stern but fair when doling out punishment. Be gracious to them when appropriate. Or.... Keep sending your kids to public school. Provide them a phone when they're 9 because 'all their friends have it', 'it helps us to keep track of them', or some other BS excuse because they think that 'no' means 'keep annoying him until he gives in'. Make them the butt of your jokes. Treat them like children until they're 16. Never give them household responsibilities. Don't require them to work to earn spending money. Always threaten but never follow through because 'they'll miss out', they promise to do better next time, or you want to be the 'fun parent'. Then bitch and moan because your children used their "freewill" to "follow the herd". If they have free will, why are you not indoctrinating them to stand up for themselves, challenge the herd, think independently and make wise choices? permalink parent award report block reply
TheMrStone 17 points 6 days ago I'll never comprehend why people think it's the government's job to watch and monitor their children. They'll beg for the crushing boot of the surveillance state so long as they don't actually have to parent, no accountability. Sadly, Republican controlled states are giving into this too, for the same reason. Modern tyrants always use the "won't someone think of the children" to enact all sorts of atrocities, and people will let them. Bleak times we live in. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 6 days ago It's the typical "someone think of the children"  strategy with the real intent to reduce privacy and censor wrongthink. These globalist captured countries know their biggest weakness is the people freely sharing ideas without their government issued Karens monitoring. permalink parent award report block reply AmannamedRJ -1 points 6 days ago I mean within limits though. Tiktok and social media in general should be policing that kind of thing along with Porn and Public Nuisance content like dangerous challenges or pranks. Incentives for that kind of content need to go. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 5 points 6 days ago It's the typical "someone think of the children"  strategy with the real intent to reduce privacy and censor wrongthink. These globalist captured countries know their biggest weakness is the people freely sharing ideas without their government issued Karens monitoring. permalink parent award report block reply
AmannamedRJ -1 points 6 days ago I mean within limits though. Tiktok and social media in general should be policing that kind of thing along with Porn and Public Nuisance content like dangerous challenges or pranks. Incentives for that kind of content need to go. permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 10 points 6 days ago Let me get this straight teen suicide on app bad Muslim rape gangs raping white little girl good okay France. permalink award report block reply Krat 3 points 6 days ago Soon to be here permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 4 points 6 days ago The fuck it will. The Tipping Point will come soon Muslim rape gangs forcing women into Sharia something will tip the country and the Crusades will happen again. And then I'll get a chance to kill 🐐fuckers again. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 3 points 6 days ago Soon to be here permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 4 points 6 days ago The fuck it will. The Tipping Point will come soon Muslim rape gangs forcing women into Sharia something will tip the country and the Crusades will happen again. And then I'll get a chance to kill 🐐fuckers again. permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 4 points 6 days ago The fuck it will. The Tipping Point will come soon Muslim rape gangs forcing women into Sharia something will tip the country and the Crusades will happen again. And then I'll get a chance to kill 🐐fuckers again. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 8 points 6 days ago Keep your kids off the Internet if you don't want them on the Internet, it's neither the companies responsibility nor the governments. You are responsible for your children. permalink award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 6 points 6 days ago Sorry, with a literal Mossad agent in control of censorship and Larry Ellison (largest donor to the IDF), we’ve gotta prioritize censoring criticism of Israel. The first step was removing the juice box emoji. If 100k white children off themselves, well, that’s just a price they’re willing to pay. Oh, and it’s by design. permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 5 points 6 days ago Guarantee it targets White kids. permalink award report block reply
Gfloydvotestrump 5 points 6 days ago Back when I was a creator (refuse to use the word "influencer" a kid in Italy committed suicide on TikTok live once due to online harassment (that ended up by admission of the bullies was all a total lie). I don't doubt this at all. Place is a filthpit. I've got stories for days, I even had fucking 13 year olds DMing me asking to be my boyfriend (I'm in my mid-30s, had it listed in my bio on there). I gave them a stern warning on the dangers of asking people online stuff like that, but also wondered where TF are the parents?! permalink award report block reply
cyberwar 5 points 6 days ago tiktok is MKUltra style mind fuck by the Chinese Communist to destroy western societies permalink award report block reply
SocraticMethod1 5 points 6 days ago Wait TikTok? Wasn't there one in France that was Kick and that poor disabled guy was LIVESTREAMED being tortured to death over weeks, mostly by being denied sleep. permalink award report block reply
paramour 3 points 6 days ago Social media is a cancer. P.W is all we need! permalink award report block reply
deleted 3 points 6 days ago mikejones 6 points 6 days ago Back when there were Trump rallies and thousands of comments during the rally with hundreds of thousands of views on multiple websites. Trump got us started but everyone here from the beginning are 10 years older now. New people are joining this site for other reasons. Still enough real people here though to keep coming but soon I see this place all bots once 2028 rolls around. permalink parent award report block reply NADSAQ 6 points 6 days ago Remember when he got elected, for the third time, and the need for rallies transitioned to fighting a culture war? permalink parent award report block reply Krat 7 points 6 days ago I rmember when we arrested absofuckinglutely nobody while democrats hunted regular citizens down and locked them up for years by the thousands while illegally flooding your neighborhoods with an invasion and we did nothing about it permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 5 points 6 days ago That was before we found out that draining the swamp factually meant draining Netanyahu's ball sack on a weekly basis. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 6 points 6 days ago Back when there were Trump rallies and thousands of comments during the rally with hundreds of thousands of views on multiple websites. Trump got us started but everyone here from the beginning are 10 years older now. New people are joining this site for other reasons. Still enough real people here though to keep coming but soon I see this place all bots once 2028 rolls around. permalink parent award report block reply
NADSAQ 6 points 6 days ago Remember when he got elected, for the third time, and the need for rallies transitioned to fighting a culture war? permalink parent award report block reply Krat 7 points 6 days ago I rmember when we arrested absofuckinglutely nobody while democrats hunted regular citizens down and locked them up for years by the thousands while illegally flooding your neighborhoods with an invasion and we did nothing about it permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 7 points 6 days ago I rmember when we arrested absofuckinglutely nobody while democrats hunted regular citizens down and locked them up for years by the thousands while illegally flooding your neighborhoods with an invasion and we did nothing about it permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 5 points 6 days ago That was before we found out that draining the swamp factually meant draining Netanyahu's ball sack on a weekly basis. permalink parent award report block reply
DudebroWhateverman 2 points 6 days ago Youth = trannies permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 2 points 6 days ago When nihilism was trending mostly incorrect it was the emoist of all emo. permalink award report block reply