64 Anyone on EBT, SNAP, other forms of assistance should be excluded from the Tariff $2000 unless they are paying more than $2000 in taxes. posted 7 hours ago by TrumpPatriot84 4 comments award share report block Anyone on EBT, SNAP, other forms of assistance should be excluded from the Tariff $2000 unless they are paying more than $2000 in taxes.
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget RINO_fatigue 5 points 7 hours ago Welfare can be eliminated entirely and replaced by tariff rebates permalink award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 OP 7 points 7 hours ago welfare can be eliminated entirely and replaced by work along with 6 months of total life time assistance based on your last 5 years earnings to help with rough spots.. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 6 hours ago Everyone should be excluded - the US Government is trillions in debt, they don't have the money to be showering nig nogs with gifts.  Pay the debt and lower taxes. permalink award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 OP 2 points 4 hours ago This is even better. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 5 points 7 hours ago Welfare can be eliminated entirely and replaced by tariff rebates permalink award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 OP 7 points 7 hours ago welfare can be eliminated entirely and replaced by work along with 6 months of total life time assistance based on your last 5 years earnings to help with rough spots.. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPatriot84 OP 7 points 7 hours ago welfare can be eliminated entirely and replaced by work along with 6 months of total life time assistance based on your last 5 years earnings to help with rough spots.. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 6 hours ago Everyone should be excluded - the US Government is trillions in debt, they don't have the money to be showering nig nogs with gifts.  Pay the debt and lower taxes. permalink award report block reply TrumpPatriot84 OP 2 points 4 hours ago This is even better. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPatriot84 OP 2 points 4 hours ago This is even better. permalink parent award report block reply