7 What to know about Trump’s plan to give Americans a $2,000 tariff dividend (www.wkyt.com) posted 5 hours ago by TheMrStone 5 comments award share report block What to know about Trump’s plan to give Americans a $2,000 tariff dividend President Donald Trump boasts that his tariffs protect American industries, lure factories to the United States, raise money for the federal government and give him diplomatic leverage. www.wkyt.com
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home) HaloGrow Hangmhigh 6 points 5 hours ago Ok as long as it only goes to people that PAY taxes. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 4 hours ago Best we can do is practically everyone, and of those its people who mostly don’t pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply whatsupup 2 points 4 hours ago wealth redistribution, so nice. The wealthier people that pay most of the tariffs due to higher consumption.  Take that money and redistribute it to the lower income people. This MAGA? permalink award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 4 hours ago I'm sure Bezos, Gates, Ellison, Larry Fink,  and friends will be just fine with their billions in offshore accounts. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 1 points 4 hours ago Carnival cruises gonna be bumpin ya'll permalink award report block reply
Hangmhigh 6 points 5 hours ago Ok as long as it only goes to people that PAY taxes. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 2 points 4 hours ago Best we can do is practically everyone, and of those its people who mostly don’t pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 2 points 4 hours ago Best we can do is practically everyone, and of those its people who mostly don’t pay taxes. permalink parent award report block reply
whatsupup 2 points 4 hours ago wealth redistribution, so nice. The wealthier people that pay most of the tariffs due to higher consumption.  Take that money and redistribute it to the lower income people. This MAGA? permalink award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 4 hours ago I'm sure Bezos, Gates, Ellison, Larry Fink,  and friends will be just fine with their billions in offshore accounts. permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 4 hours ago I'm sure Bezos, Gates, Ellison, Larry Fink,  and friends will be just fine with their billions in offshore accounts. permalink parent award report block reply
1inchgroup 1 points 4 hours ago Carnival cruises gonna be bumpin ya'll permalink award report block reply