625 Iowa’s Ernst Says It’s Time to Return $65 Billion in Unspent COVID Slush Funds to Treasury (washingtonstand.com) posted 5 days ago by rdvs34283 16 comments award share report block Iowa’s Ernst Says It’s Time to Return $65 Billion in Unspent COVID Slush Funds to Treasury Senator Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) is introducing a bill Thursday requiring the return to the U.S. Treasury of an estimated $65 billion in unused COVID relief slush fu washingtonstand.com
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TheTelltaleFly 11 points 5 days ago Where the fuck is this money? If it’s “unused” how could it be anywhere but the US Treasury right now? permalink award report block reply cherokeepeople 1 points 5 days ago i believe it was sent to the states to spend.i got to thinking about this.trump needs to claw that back and use it to fund snap and the gov workers salaries until after the first of the year.at that point the aca subsidies will end.then the dems will bring forth a bill to reinstate the subsidies and the reps can turn the tables and not vote to reinstate em. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 5 days ago A lot of it may be in state government accounts.  But I'm guessing a lot is also in segregated federal government agency accounts and not currently available for general Treasury use and related economic data calculations. permalink parent award report block reply cherokeepeople 7 points 5 days ago the dems will say that money needs to fund snap in 3.2..1... permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 7 points 5 days ago Contrary Opinion - Any state that still has any of the money left unspent means that they have shown discipline.  All the Liberal States used that money to prop up union worrkers and pump up state buracracy the last few years.  If a state still has it they should be commended. permalink award report block reply 556x45mm 3 points 5 days ago Just destroy the money since it was printed a few years ago. (Wasn't actually printed, probably just some key strokes on a computer) permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago That would terminate the interst payments on the bonds that JP Morgan has on its books - think of the pain it will cause JP Morgan not to get those interest payments. permalink parent award report block reply Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 5 days ago Minnesota: Monkey Meme Looking Sideways permalink award report block reply tired-of-crap 2 points 5 days ago I saw Orange County Florida buy old medical debt of its residents at 2 cents on the dollar and forgive it all. 150 million gone for less than a million. Good plan now that it looks like it would otherwise end up on  credit reports. permalink award report block reply Transparency 1 points 5 days ago ...but...but...but...E-B-T-!!!! permalink award report block reply covfefe77 1 points 5 days ago uh how about give us all $10K for the hell we all contended with over the last 5 years permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago we're trying to fight inflation, not raise it to astronomical levels permalink parent award report block reply covfefe77 1 points 5 days ago cmon just this once....10K just .. feels right permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 1 points 5 days ago But that money could be used to feed the poor! permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 5 days ago Or she could just funnel it into her future presidential campaign fund like Newsome… permalink award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 11 points 5 days ago Where the fuck is this money? If it’s “unused” how could it be anywhere but the US Treasury right now? permalink award report block reply cherokeepeople 1 points 5 days ago i believe it was sent to the states to spend.i got to thinking about this.trump needs to claw that back and use it to fund snap and the gov workers salaries until after the first of the year.at that point the aca subsidies will end.then the dems will bring forth a bill to reinstate the subsidies and the reps can turn the tables and not vote to reinstate em. permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 1 points 5 days ago A lot of it may be in state government accounts.  But I'm guessing a lot is also in segregated federal government agency accounts and not currently available for general Treasury use and related economic data calculations. permalink parent award report block reply
cherokeepeople 1 points 5 days ago i believe it was sent to the states to spend.i got to thinking about this.trump needs to claw that back and use it to fund snap and the gov workers salaries until after the first of the year.at that point the aca subsidies will end.then the dems will bring forth a bill to reinstate the subsidies and the reps can turn the tables and not vote to reinstate em. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 1 points 5 days ago A lot of it may be in state government accounts.  But I'm guessing a lot is also in segregated federal government agency accounts and not currently available for general Treasury use and related economic data calculations. permalink parent award report block reply
cherokeepeople 7 points 5 days ago the dems will say that money needs to fund snap in 3.2..1... permalink award report block reply
BruddahIz 7 points 5 days ago Contrary Opinion - Any state that still has any of the money left unspent means that they have shown discipline.  All the Liberal States used that money to prop up union worrkers and pump up state buracracy the last few years.  If a state still has it they should be commended. permalink award report block reply
556x45mm 3 points 5 days ago Just destroy the money since it was printed a few years ago. (Wasn't actually printed, probably just some key strokes on a computer) permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago That would terminate the interst payments on the bonds that JP Morgan has on its books - think of the pain it will cause JP Morgan not to get those interest payments. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 1 points 1 day ago That would terminate the interst payments on the bonds that JP Morgan has on its books - think of the pain it will cause JP Morgan not to get those interest payments. permalink parent award report block reply
Now_On_to_Mars 2 points 5 days ago Minnesota: Monkey Meme Looking Sideways permalink award report block reply
tired-of-crap 2 points 5 days ago I saw Orange County Florida buy old medical debt of its residents at 2 cents on the dollar and forgive it all. 150 million gone for less than a million. Good plan now that it looks like it would otherwise end up on  credit reports. permalink award report block reply
Transparency 1 points 5 days ago ...but...but...but...E-B-T-!!!! permalink award report block reply
covfefe77 1 points 5 days ago uh how about give us all $10K for the hell we all contended with over the last 5 years permalink award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago we're trying to fight inflation, not raise it to astronomical levels permalink parent award report block reply covfefe77 1 points 5 days ago cmon just this once....10K just .. feels right permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 5 days ago we're trying to fight inflation, not raise it to astronomical levels permalink parent award report block reply covfefe77 1 points 5 days ago cmon just this once....10K just .. feels right permalink parent award report block reply
covfefe77 1 points 5 days ago cmon just this once....10K just .. feels right permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 1 points 5 days ago But that money could be used to feed the poor! permalink award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 1 points 5 days ago Or she could just funnel it into her future presidential campaign fund like Newsome… permalink award report block reply