18 Why would Putin do this?! HUGE corruption scandal rocks Zelensky (www.politico.eu) posted 3 hours ago by BastardSonOfCastro 6 comments award share report block Ukraine corruption scandal explained: The $100M plot rocking Zelenskyy Your questions answered about the snowballing investigation that is shaking Kyiv. www.politico.eu
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Ronaldus 3 points 3 hours ago My questions answered? What questions? None of this was new to me. permalink award report block reply BastardSonOfCastro OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am gonna use this story to rub it in the face of Europeans from now until the war ends. Because we KNOW this is just the tip of the iceberg. Ukraine's regime got a BIT too big for their britches. permalink parent award report block reply LegendFang 3 points 3 hours ago That wily Putin! He must have seen some old clips of Gropy Joe bragging about threatening Uke officials with withholding US money from them. permalink award report block reply BastardSonOfCastro OP 2 points 3 hours ago We all knew it. We all talked about it, even when you weren't supposed to. What could go wrong with turning a country into a gigantic money funnel, where we say "We will do everything you want! Give you everything you want!" permalink award report block reply Seldom_Seen_Kid 2 points 3 hours ago "Any effective action against corruption is very necessary," Zelenskyy warned Monday night. "The inevitability of punishment is necessary.” Z must have watched “Wag The Dog” because we all know he’s in up to his eyeballs in this corruption. permalink award report block reply BastardSonOfCastro OP 2 points 1 hour ago I doubted all the stories about Zelensky buying resorts, islands, casinos, ranches, and yachts... Now, not so much. Mind you, I only doubted them because it seemed stupid to do, in the middle of the war, and while President. But apparently for some people, that is the BEST time to do this kind of thing! permalink parent award report block reply
Ronaldus 3 points 3 hours ago My questions answered? What questions? None of this was new to me. permalink award report block reply BastardSonOfCastro OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am gonna use this story to rub it in the face of Europeans from now until the war ends. Because we KNOW this is just the tip of the iceberg. Ukraine's regime got a BIT too big for their britches. permalink parent award report block reply
BastardSonOfCastro OP 1 points 1 hour ago I am gonna use this story to rub it in the face of Europeans from now until the war ends. Because we KNOW this is just the tip of the iceberg. Ukraine's regime got a BIT too big for their britches. permalink parent award report block reply
LegendFang 3 points 3 hours ago That wily Putin! He must have seen some old clips of Gropy Joe bragging about threatening Uke officials with withholding US money from them. permalink award report block reply
BastardSonOfCastro OP 2 points 3 hours ago We all knew it. We all talked about it, even when you weren't supposed to. What could go wrong with turning a country into a gigantic money funnel, where we say "We will do everything you want! Give you everything you want!" permalink award report block reply
Seldom_Seen_Kid 2 points 3 hours ago "Any effective action against corruption is very necessary," Zelenskyy warned Monday night. "The inevitability of punishment is necessary.” Z must have watched “Wag The Dog” because we all know he’s in up to his eyeballs in this corruption. permalink award report block reply BastardSonOfCastro OP 2 points 1 hour ago I doubted all the stories about Zelensky buying resorts, islands, casinos, ranches, and yachts... Now, not so much. Mind you, I only doubted them because it seemed stupid to do, in the middle of the war, and while President. But apparently for some people, that is the BEST time to do this kind of thing! permalink parent award report block reply
BastardSonOfCastro OP 2 points 1 hour ago I doubted all the stories about Zelensky buying resorts, islands, casinos, ranches, and yachts... Now, not so much. Mind you, I only doubted them because it seemed stupid to do, in the middle of the war, and while President. But apparently for some people, that is the BEST time to do this kind of thing! permalink parent award report block reply