1308 Why people don’t understand, “Free stuff,” it’s never free, someone is always going to be paying for it. posted 6 days ago by grannylovestrump 134 comments award share report block Patricia 🇺🇸 @1109Patricia • 6d Why people don’t understand, “Free stuff,” it’s never free, someone is always going to be paying for it.
134 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save What Made Him Walk Away? The Shocking Truth Is Out Read More Ads by Ad.Style OTher55 64 points 6 days ago Here's why women voted for Mamdani. Women think he's hot, and he will preserve their option to be sluts and abort their babies. Hoo boy, they're gonna learn quick how Islam feels about dressing slutty and having abortions. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 33 points 6 days ago Well I think they willl not show that side so quickly or they would lose the country. they need to make people think what he is doing is working and making it better. Once they get the whole country I think then they will begin letting them see. It would foolish to do that now. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 28 points 6 days ago Mamdani had cash bars at his victory party. He promised free food, buses, housing, and healthcare, but he can't have free booze at his victory party LOL It'll start with sudden construction projects in front of the abortion clinics that reduce access. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 19 points 6 days ago LMFAO Every generation needs to fed their stupidity back to them. I remember the masses of dumb motherfuckers that believed Obama would pay for everything. How’d that work out? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago I have a saying for that. "Some people can be taught. The rest gotta learn." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Repentnow 2 points 6 days ago Seems like it worked out pretty well for the dependent-class. Free phone, free healthcare, free food, free rent, free utilities, free internet, free transportation, free everything. permalink parent award report block reply TheTruthIsInHere 9 points 6 days ago Socialists never spend their own money permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago Just like the women that voted him in. They never spend their own money, either. permalink parent award report block reply LIbertyRises 3 points 6 days ago I think Muslims are not allowed to drink, perhaps that has something to do with it too? I dunno? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Then alcohol would not have been there at all. (whispering) It's hypocrisy, just like promising free shit when campaigning then not giving free shit at the victory party permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 1 points 6 days ago Islam is okay with infidels aborting infodel children. Unless they can take the child, abortion isn’t a bad thing for a kafir in their book. permalink parent award report block reply Spellmonger 2 points 6 days ago What was the timeline in England? Someone must have it documented. permalink parent award report block reply Returningtogod 3 points 6 days ago The person who documented it is in prison and the records have been destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago It was pretty fast. Started down in the mid '90's I think. permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago It took Obama some time to transform and admit that he was pro gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 0 points 6 days ago Biden pushed the issue forward during 2012 election to cock block Romney. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 1 points 6 days ago Taqqiya permalink parent award report block reply Xtwitter 1 points 6 days ago Sounds like the same reason Trudeau got. Elected permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 28 points 6 days ago Way off the mark. Women vote to hurt people they don't like, even when the consequences are worse for them.  They don't think about that because they do not have the ability to consider consequences.  So if they're miserable in the end, it doesn't matter because they have also made someone else miserable. Women never grow out of their middle school mean girl stage.  Never.  They absolutely despise men they consider "low status".  So when they see regular working men like us prospering under a Trump economy like we did in his first term, that is worse than 9/11.  They've never gotten past that.  They will vote in a genocidal Pol Pot if it means putting us in our places. permalink parent award report block reply Saxonlady 9 points 6 days ago Don't forget that they also voted for chimp grin face because Trump haters told them to. permalink parent award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 8 points 6 days ago Yep. Most women stop developing mentally at age 16. They are just large children. permalink parent award report block reply Cyer6 3 points 6 days ago This is also my view. When Trump won, it sent them further off the rails. These elections in blue shitholes were all about TDS and hatred. The D's entire platform has been nothing more than getting back at Trump and MAGA. They picked the most offensive candidate that goes against everything that is good about America. Now it's time to watch it play out. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 1 points 6 days ago You’re overthinking it. Women conform to whatever they think the group opinion is. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago They do but I'm not.  I'm right and so are you. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 16 points 6 days ago There isn’t a whole lot of white women left in nyc. It’s mostly browns. Like 60-80%. So I suspect shutting down clubs and so on will go over with little fan fare. Who knows maybe white women turn racist and xenophobic if they lose their whore Capitol. permalink parent award report block reply lionwind 7 points 6 days ago This, he didn't win due to white women, he won due to all the other races/immigrants voting for him. Demographics is destiny. permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 2 points 6 days ago Well, we aren’t deporting enough. Trump isn’t going after anyone and everyone, just criminals and those that refused the self deportation order. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 8 points 6 days ago Women think he’s hot? lmao. No. That is such a low bar. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 4 points 6 days ago Your and the women you know probably don't, but there's a lot of women you don't know that giggle, say swipe right, and smile when his name is mentioned. He's almost always picked for Fuck in Marry, Fuck, Kill. I don't pretend to understand it. Just reporting my observations. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago When Mamdani plays Marry, Fuck, Kill it's always the goat that gets picked. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago I wouldn't be surprised if SOME women voted for him because they thought he was attractive. Some women voted for Clinton because they thought he was handsome, too. Funny how they never say that about republicans, isn't it? When I look at old pictures of JFK I'm always confused as to why people say he was so handsome. He was kind of cock eyed and had a weird smile. But that's the mythology of JFK, he was "handsome". Okay... permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 4 points 6 days ago How women think that street shitter is “hot” is beyond me permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago White liberal women love minorities. It gives them more social media clout to date one or five. I don't understand the appeal, either. I do see their instagrams and tiktoks full of melanated guys for the virtue signaling proof. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 6 days ago It’s disgusting permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago Women were shamed for this before feminism came along permalink parent award report block reply load 17 more comments... deleted 34 points 6 days ago sod_off_shotgun 14 points 6 days ago This guy gets it. I didn't even watch this shit, I just went to the comments hoping to see something along the lines of what do care what this random n thinks? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 10 points 6 days ago Don't forget she strategically has her boobs mostly out and in frame permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 7 points 6 days ago Don't hate her. She's just trying to make money by thirst trapping right wing incels. I give her about 2 years before she's selling butthole pics for $5 on onlyfans. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 6 days ago I'll take the under on the 2 years estimate. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 6 days ago Yet here you are, on a board of “right wing incels,” posting weak rage bait. Imagine being such a fucking loser that you spend your time on a website full of people you hate 😂😂 you are a cancer and have not contributed a single thing to society, ever permalink parent award report block reply mydogma8yourkarma 15 points 6 days ago Socialism works great until you run out of other peoples' money. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 7 points 6 days ago And they will blame it on Trump for not sending federal (other people’s money) funds to support socialism in NYC. But, you can see a small part of his point.  If the Congress can commit our grandchildren to $150 trillion of debt to repay, burden the annual budget with a Trillion dollars a year in interest, and a third party independent bank that merely prints more money each year to fund foreign intervention, trillion dollar deficits and trillion dollar waste fraud and abuse much going politicians…….why not some for NYC corrupt social system? permalink award report block reply Nancys_drooping_eye 5 points 6 days ago Making a million dollars a year is not what defines a millionaire.  It's a math equation of assets minus liabilities.  If that is over 1 million dollars,  technically you're a millionaire.  There's going to be very few people to tax actually making over 1 million per year. permalink award report block reply preferredfault 6 points 6 days ago I did the math a long time ago, but if you took all the wealth of every millionaire and billionaire in the US, not just what they make, but selling all their assets too, you'd be able to cut a check for $40,000 to every person in America. Once. Then there's no more rich, and none of the businesses are owned by Americans anymore (because you'd have to sell them all off to foreigners). And when everyone has an extra $40,000 it's going to be like no one has an extra $40,000 because there simply won't even be enough supply of goods in the market for people to just go on spending sprees, so what will happen is prices will rise drastically, and then that $40,000 spends like $1,000. With how bad that is, it's even worse when you consider that merely taxing the rich more brings in only a tiny fraction of what taking all their money would bring in, and taking all of their money is still not much in the grand scheme of things. The real truth is when politicians say they want to tax the rich, what they really mean is they want to tax the middle class and poor. Just like when politicians say they want to tax businesses, they're really saying they want to tax the consumer. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 6 days ago You just described what happened with covid, only we printed the money.  The cycle, is claim to tax the rich, rich don't pay, money is already spent, get money from middle class.  Middle class always pays for the "tax the rich" schemes. permalink parent award report block reply Throwawayjan6 4 points 6 days ago Mamdami is not talking about wealth, he is talking about annnual gross income exceeding $1M. The number of people in that bracket was already falling in 2022 and I’m sure will get worse. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 6 days ago They know. They just want Whites to pay for it. They aren’t that stupid. They just hate you that much. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 3 points 6 days ago 𝙏𝙝𝙚𝙮 want Christians to leave, and it's working. Because who would stay? permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 4 points 6 days ago As long as it's not those who are benefiting from the free gibs, they won't care. permalink award report block reply DrTar 3 points 6 days ago But if it's free to me I don't care how much it cost someone else, says a narcissist. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 1 points 6 days ago We saw lots of those lately.  People bragging about 3 or 4 grocery carts full of garbage food. permalink parent award report block reply Spellmonger 3 points 6 days ago They don't care, as long as they aren't the ones paying. permalink award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 3 points 6 days ago What would make you think they don't understand?  They know exactly how the game works, and who is paying for it. What people don't understand is that the purpose of government assistance programs is partially to remove gratitude from the equation, so that the very people on the programs can be made to hate the people paying for their lives. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 3 points 6 days ago People from shit hole countries and women sho don't know how to add and subtract don't understand there is no free lunch.  Everything gets paid for one way or another. Stupid people don't understand you can't nail down the very rich because the very rich can always get up and leave.  Unlike the professional class and middle class that have to go where the jobs are, the very rich are never tied down by location or even country or nationality.  They also didn't get rich by giving away their money to governments.  They got rich by sheltering their money.   Avaricious people go to great lengths to keep their nest eggs and they aren't going to hand that over to Mamadani.   I will guarantee you right now, neither Mamdani or his wealthy parents are going to pay the tax hikes either. Eventually, it's going to be the professional class and middle class that pays all the taxes.  Since they can't afford it and their jobs will move out o f state, they'll be forced to leave too.   This is how a city or state enters a doom loop. Eventually they won't even be able to pay for the basics, so they start cutting services. At that point, they enter Detroit levels of fail. No one moves into the city.  No one who isn't on the public dole lives in the city.  You can see this play out in real time in San Francisco.  San Fran did nothing about it's crime problem, homeless problem and sky high rents.  Eventually the convention capital of the world couldn't even get conventions to happen with rates slashed by 50 and 80%.   The conventions forums and facilities themselves just stopped paying taxes and so the property defaulted to the city.  The city isn't doing maintenance or upkeep on these venues.   The same thing happened in Detroit which is why Stadiums, malls, Orchestra houses even museums are dilepidated  empty property.  Go look at some of the rotted out buildings in Detroit.   San Fran's buildings have started their deterioration already. If you're middle class or professional class in NYC, get out now before the doom loop has forced you out.  You can keep most of your assets and nest egg if you get out now.   In one to two years, you'll be stripped of your wealth on the way out.  Heck , California is so greedy now that they're actually trying to make people who have left California pay taxes to the state they left. permalink award report block reply 3-10 3 points 6 days ago She’s racktastic, shame about the tattoo permalink award report block reply GainesvilleFlorida 3 points 6 days ago This is such a major diversion. The problem is the Muslim not the commie. permalink award report block reply cannonfodder 0 points 6 days ago They are both a problem especially given their red/green alliance. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 3 points 6 days ago People love when government gives them free stuff. They look to the government as like a god, gifting out a lottery to them. I was probably like this when I was young and stupid. What changed? For me what changed was the first time I paid $25k in one year of taxes. For me, I was angry about that. I wanted to punch someone in the face. I wanted some of that returned. When you finally start making decent money and the tax component starts to skyrocket. And I imagine all of the poor people giving very little back. I don't want free shit being given out. permalink award report block reply BIG88 3 points 6 days ago No one cares. It’s the same as us voting for “I’m gonna release the Epstein files” we shoulda known it was a lie. permalink award report block reply JediDwag 3 points 6 days ago Socialism = slavery. Dems are bringing it back. permalink award report block reply quiznossucks 2 points 6 days ago At the end........It's all TRUMPS fault......😆😆😆😆😆 permalink award report block reply AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago Taught my step daughter that early when she talked about free lunches at school for some kids. I told her, nothing is free, someone is paying for it, just not you, so it seems free. Those lunches, my taxes pay that..... permalink award report block reply Another_ID 2 points 6 days ago The most expensive things in life are free. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 2 points 6 days ago My brother in Christ, the people getting “free stuff” don’t pay taxes. They don’t care that the middle class pay for their things. permalink award report block reply BigE123456 2 points 6 days ago Math is hard. Math is harder when your STUPID!!!!!!! permalink award report block reply CaJuN-Polak 2 points 6 days ago When you take from Peter to give to Paul, you'll always get Paul's approval. permalink award report block reply JoeCubicle 2 points 6 days ago Sadly, this is going to be fun to watch. permalink award report block reply Cuetardian 2 points 6 days ago The concept of "treat everyone fairly and equally" is part of Western civilization. The parable Jesus told of the Good Samaritan was meant to teach this idea. You will not find this outlook in other religions or political systems. Virtually everywhere else, it is perfectly normal and expected that you can treat outsiders any way you like. You can cheat them, lie to them, steal from them, use them, buy them, sell them, and even kill them without consequence. As long as you treat your own immediate family well, and your own small tribe well, using outsiders is just the way life is. It's how you survive and, sometimes, grow rich. Mamdani is doing the same thing. Any non-muslim is an outsider to him and to all of them. That's why it's completely normal and acceptable to him to take from outsiders (anyone not muslim) and give what they have to his own tribe. But those in the West do not understand that. They think everybody who speaks English well and wears a suit is just like we are and follows all the same rules. They don't. Not even close. And NYC is about to find that out in the worst way. permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 2 points 6 days ago Oh they know someone else is paying for it. Its just not them so they dont care. They especially love it if "oligarchs" pay for it. permalink award report block reply ChicagoforTrump 2 points 6 days ago The problem is that the uniparty has been looting the treasury for decades and then they started giving crumbs to the little man. Now it’s just an all out rush before the house of cards collapses. We should all refuse to pay taxes. permalink award report block reply least_counties_ever 2 points 6 days ago Free stuff is never free, that's true, but affordability is a real issue, and we will lose Gen Z if we don't address that issue.  Houses you could buy on one income 40 years ago, you can't buy on two incomes today.  That's a real problem for Gen Z, and the socialist pied piper knows it. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 2 points 6 days ago They undesrstand it, they don't care, as long as they don't have to pay. permalink award report block reply Another_rando 2 points 6 days ago Like this website permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 2 points 6 days ago https://x.com/1109Patricia/status/1986349727290470605 permalink award report block reply assblast 2 points 6 days ago Because it does mean free. See: SNAP You think people getting all that free stuff are "paying for it"? permalink award report block reply MorningFrost 2 points 6 days ago NYC is a shithole. permalink award report block reply Odinius 2 points 6 days ago Free labor for all, no pay required. permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 2 points 6 days ago “Free stuff,” it’s never free, someone is always going to be paying for it To explain their mindset a bit since I feel like conservatives frequently don't get it: So elsewhere some conversations have popped up that recalled how boomers were able to provide for a whole family on one income, yet in only a generation or a couple, that is less possible However, productivity has increased, so there is more money to pay people like a generation or two ago. The money therefore is going to shareholders and CEOs instead of the workers producing the tangible value. (Remember again a generation ago it was possible to pay higher wages) Socialists like Mamdani therefore feel they can get these monies "back" by just taking it by taxation and giving it to people, and they view it as the money they brought in to existence with their labor, so it is rightfully theirs. A bunch of "capitalists" (I think wrongly) defend this system of more-or-less "theft" from workers and instead just advocate for the CEOs and shareholders to gain their excess profits today (compared to a generation ago). So I guess the question is how it might be possible to "voluntarily" keep these monies in the hands of workers rather than the rich (again, as was more possible a generation ago). Well, in part one approach is to become the shareholder by owning stocks; another related one is to have your own business where you are the "CEO". But we could also advocate for a culture of better wages for the average person, because again the money is there to pay workers. To sum, there are kind of three positions: Socialists - believe they should "take the money that's theirs from their hard work via taxation". "Capitalists" - believe more of the money is rightfully that of the CEOs and shareholders (yet this contradicts the practices of a generation ago) Americans of a previous gen - believe workers could be paid more voluntarily or make more via various means of owning a business ("being CEO"), owning capital ("being the shareholders"), or voluntarily advocating for wage increases since the businesses have profits to pay for such increases (worker "activism") At least this is my understanding of things, I welcome discussion about them permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 2 points 6 days ago Here is why socialism and communism is doomed. If you can find a work around from this then yes it would be great but there is always that one catch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvMWQGzStB4&list=PLDFPB-ijN_0D3eX5Qj-FHfGZ7Cjde9-nK permalink parent award report block reply FreedomIsntFree 2 points 6 days ago They’re just going to make NYC Dubai 2.0. A 34 year old muslim from Uganda doesn’t become mayor of New York without serious external financial backing permalink award report block reply xanax123 2 points 6 days ago Great video by the black guy, he really made some good points. permalink award report block reply Hunter_loves_2_feet 1 points 6 days ago Then in a few years they will be giving tax break incentives to get people to do business there and it will be all foreigners. permalink award report block reply 0Tolerence4Horseshit 1 points 6 days ago True, and they think it's going to be the rest of the United States paying for New York's faggot Communist horseshit. And if the Republicans don't kill it in the midterms...we will be. permalink award report block reply thelastlast 1 points 6 days ago they understand perfectly.  thats the worst part. permalink award report block reply Kricket 1 points 6 days ago If they could understand cause and effect, they probably wouldn’t be welfare queens. “No one told them not to” isn’t the reason monkeys fling shit. permalink award report block reply Coprolite 1 points 6 days ago The same reason that mice die in traps, they don't understand that the bait isn't free food permalink award report block reply Sherbertbert 1 points 6 days ago Da urban youf! permalink award report block reply PatriotDescendant 1 points 6 days ago Rents will fall. But other than that, she's spot on. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 6 days ago The comments in the last article say the lunatics are paying insane prices to move to NYC for the time being. permalink parent award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 6 days ago I just read the man got elected because they didn't require IDs that proved a voter was legal. Voting fraud is a reason to be deported. ( the exit polls is where this information came from btw) permalink award report block reply BritTwat 1 points 6 days ago Some of my stupid countrymen seem to think "we get healthcare for free" while paying a Mandatory National Insurance fee taken from their wages every pay cheque. Its only free to freeloaders. permalink award report block reply Yamel13 1 points 6 days ago woman *, not people permalink award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 1 points 6 days ago 🍿🍿🍿 permalink award report block reply TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 6 days ago The thing is they know it is not actually free. But they get a thrill knowing they are fucking others in order to get it. There are a few that are clueless, but the majority are lazy selfish fucks. permalink award report block reply goatnuts 1 points 6 days ago A patriots.win post of a tweet of a video of a guy showing you tiktok of another video, that's the whole post. These levels of reposting shouldn't be possible. permalink award report block reply MAGAthuglife 1 points 6 days ago free stuff, like the free content the dude took from the girl.? permalink award report block reply fazaman 1 points 6 days ago Up until a couple of years ago, my cousin, who though some rather stupid means, had my late grandmother's house, a three apartment in Queens, in his name. The building was worth just over a million dollars. This made him, technically, a millionaire. Afaik, he never worked a day of his life on the books. His mother transferred the house into his name so as not to mess with her government benefits, as she also, afaik, never worked a day in her life on the books. They're not independently wealthy. They lived their lives on government benefits. They're tax drains. He was one of those millionaires. But there was no money to tax out of him. TL;Dr: Being a millionaire in NYC just means you own your house,  not that you have a high income. Side note: This video, where a guy steals someone else's content and just sits there and nods, is crap. The girl's video is good, though. permalink award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago Why do I need to look at his stupid face while listening to her speak? permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 0 points 6 days ago Be his waz kings and shit permalink parent award report block reply NotInFormation 1 points 6 days ago They understand. They get “free” and we get to slave.  The problem is many of we don’t understand this goal of the left. permalink award report block reply tt777 1 points 6 days ago It's free for them. permalink award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 1 points 6 days ago Mamdani says he will tax white people more. For some reason, white women think they are exempted and assume the tax is only for white men. Mamdani says even less cops and police.. well, white women are gonna have to pay another tax. Being targeted by others. Then when the white women complains, theyll still blame white patriarchy and to fix the problem by giving browns more money and to let rapists and thieves go to "break the cycle" lol. Its exactly gonna play out like this. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 6 days ago I am ashamed at this point to be a woman and it is the feminist generally desperately reaching out for anything other than to admit they are wrong. They make it clear women should not vote ever. I hate to say it. permalink parent award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 1 points 6 days ago Women of today is far worse than women 50.. 70 years ago. Almost no class and proper ettiquite at all. Social media made things 1000x worse. permalink parent award report block reply doomerglowie2 1 points 6 days ago Bat man voice: THEY KNOW THEY JUST DONT CARE permalink award report block reply Corse46 1 points 6 days ago You are completely missing the point. The people voting for it know that someone will be paying for it. It just won’t be them. It will be the rich people permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 days ago They understand that it's not them paying for it, they don't care who does. permalink award report block reply blackswans 1 points 6 days ago Oh they understand. It's free to them, but you pay for it. By you I mean you White men that don't deserve that and didn't earn that. I've always had a LARGE garden and always had a rule about my excess vegetables. If you have a garden, even if it's a tomato plant in a pot, I'll share my excess. If you don't have a garden you don't get shit. It's pissed a lot of people off over the years. permalink award report block reply Agent_Orange 1 points 6 days ago Why people don’t understand, “Free stuff,” it’s never free That's easy, because they don't care who pays for it, as long as it's not them. permalink award report block reply HenkZeilstra 1 points 6 days ago They will simply build a new New York permalink award report block reply utfanx2 1 points 6 days ago Trickle down taxonomics. permalink award report block reply Underpants 1 points 6 days ago I think they understand, they just think taxing rich people will pay for it. permalink award report block reply GodIsPerfect 0 points 6 days ago He only cares about the religious conversion of the masses. This is not about anything else. Wake up. The libs are being 100% conquered. permalink award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 0 points 6 days ago A woman posted a video of some black man sitting and smiling while watching a video of another woman speak. And then it gets reposted here. 99% of the internet is worthless garbage. permalink award report block reply FullyDilated 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply FullyDilated 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
OTher55 64 points 6 days ago Here's why women voted for Mamdani. Women think he's hot, and he will preserve their option to be sluts and abort their babies. Hoo boy, they're gonna learn quick how Islam feels about dressing slutty and having abortions. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 33 points 6 days ago Well I think they willl not show that side so quickly or they would lose the country. they need to make people think what he is doing is working and making it better. Once they get the whole country I think then they will begin letting them see. It would foolish to do that now. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 28 points 6 days ago Mamdani had cash bars at his victory party. He promised free food, buses, housing, and healthcare, but he can't have free booze at his victory party LOL It'll start with sudden construction projects in front of the abortion clinics that reduce access. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 19 points 6 days ago LMFAO Every generation needs to fed their stupidity back to them. I remember the masses of dumb motherfuckers that believed Obama would pay for everything. How’d that work out? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago I have a saying for that. "Some people can be taught. The rest gotta learn." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Repentnow 2 points 6 days ago Seems like it worked out pretty well for the dependent-class. Free phone, free healthcare, free food, free rent, free utilities, free internet, free transportation, free everything. permalink parent award report block reply TheTruthIsInHere 9 points 6 days ago Socialists never spend their own money permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago Just like the women that voted him in. They never spend their own money, either. permalink parent award report block reply LIbertyRises 3 points 6 days ago I think Muslims are not allowed to drink, perhaps that has something to do with it too? I dunno? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Then alcohol would not have been there at all. (whispering) It's hypocrisy, just like promising free shit when campaigning then not giving free shit at the victory party permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 1 points 6 days ago Islam is okay with infidels aborting infodel children. Unless they can take the child, abortion isn’t a bad thing for a kafir in their book. permalink parent award report block reply Spellmonger 2 points 6 days ago What was the timeline in England? Someone must have it documented. permalink parent award report block reply Returningtogod 3 points 6 days ago The person who documented it is in prison and the records have been destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago It was pretty fast. Started down in the mid '90's I think. permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago It took Obama some time to transform and admit that he was pro gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 0 points 6 days ago Biden pushed the issue forward during 2012 election to cock block Romney. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 1 points 6 days ago Taqqiya permalink parent award report block reply Xtwitter 1 points 6 days ago Sounds like the same reason Trudeau got. Elected permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 28 points 6 days ago Way off the mark. Women vote to hurt people they don't like, even when the consequences are worse for them.  They don't think about that because they do not have the ability to consider consequences.  So if they're miserable in the end, it doesn't matter because they have also made someone else miserable. Women never grow out of their middle school mean girl stage.  Never.  They absolutely despise men they consider "low status".  So when they see regular working men like us prospering under a Trump economy like we did in his first term, that is worse than 9/11.  They've never gotten past that.  They will vote in a genocidal Pol Pot if it means putting us in our places. permalink parent award report block reply Saxonlady 9 points 6 days ago Don't forget that they also voted for chimp grin face because Trump haters told them to. permalink parent award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 8 points 6 days ago Yep. Most women stop developing mentally at age 16. They are just large children. permalink parent award report block reply Cyer6 3 points 6 days ago This is also my view. When Trump won, it sent them further off the rails. These elections in blue shitholes were all about TDS and hatred. The D's entire platform has been nothing more than getting back at Trump and MAGA. They picked the most offensive candidate that goes against everything that is good about America. Now it's time to watch it play out. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 1 points 6 days ago You’re overthinking it. Women conform to whatever they think the group opinion is. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago They do but I'm not.  I'm right and so are you. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 16 points 6 days ago There isn’t a whole lot of white women left in nyc. It’s mostly browns. Like 60-80%. So I suspect shutting down clubs and so on will go over with little fan fare. Who knows maybe white women turn racist and xenophobic if they lose their whore Capitol. permalink parent award report block reply lionwind 7 points 6 days ago This, he didn't win due to white women, he won due to all the other races/immigrants voting for him. Demographics is destiny. permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 2 points 6 days ago Well, we aren’t deporting enough. Trump isn’t going after anyone and everyone, just criminals and those that refused the self deportation order. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 8 points 6 days ago Women think he’s hot? lmao. No. That is such a low bar. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 4 points 6 days ago Your and the women you know probably don't, but there's a lot of women you don't know that giggle, say swipe right, and smile when his name is mentioned. He's almost always picked for Fuck in Marry, Fuck, Kill. I don't pretend to understand it. Just reporting my observations. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago When Mamdani plays Marry, Fuck, Kill it's always the goat that gets picked. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago I wouldn't be surprised if SOME women voted for him because they thought he was attractive. Some women voted for Clinton because they thought he was handsome, too. Funny how they never say that about republicans, isn't it? When I look at old pictures of JFK I'm always confused as to why people say he was so handsome. He was kind of cock eyed and had a weird smile. But that's the mythology of JFK, he was "handsome". Okay... permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 4 points 6 days ago How women think that street shitter is “hot” is beyond me permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago White liberal women love minorities. It gives them more social media clout to date one or five. I don't understand the appeal, either. I do see their instagrams and tiktoks full of melanated guys for the virtue signaling proof. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 6 days ago It’s disgusting permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago Women were shamed for this before feminism came along permalink parent award report block reply load 17 more comments...
grannylovestrump OP 33 points 6 days ago Well I think they willl not show that side so quickly or they would lose the country. they need to make people think what he is doing is working and making it better. Once they get the whole country I think then they will begin letting them see. It would foolish to do that now. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 28 points 6 days ago Mamdani had cash bars at his victory party. He promised free food, buses, housing, and healthcare, but he can't have free booze at his victory party LOL It'll start with sudden construction projects in front of the abortion clinics that reduce access. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 19 points 6 days ago LMFAO Every generation needs to fed their stupidity back to them. I remember the masses of dumb motherfuckers that believed Obama would pay for everything. How’d that work out? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago I have a saying for that. "Some people can be taught. The rest gotta learn." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Repentnow 2 points 6 days ago Seems like it worked out pretty well for the dependent-class. Free phone, free healthcare, free food, free rent, free utilities, free internet, free transportation, free everything. permalink parent award report block reply TheTruthIsInHere 9 points 6 days ago Socialists never spend their own money permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago Just like the women that voted him in. They never spend their own money, either. permalink parent award report block reply LIbertyRises 3 points 6 days ago I think Muslims are not allowed to drink, perhaps that has something to do with it too? I dunno? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Then alcohol would not have been there at all. (whispering) It's hypocrisy, just like promising free shit when campaigning then not giving free shit at the victory party permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 1 points 6 days ago Islam is okay with infidels aborting infodel children. Unless they can take the child, abortion isn’t a bad thing for a kafir in their book. permalink parent award report block reply Spellmonger 2 points 6 days ago What was the timeline in England? Someone must have it documented. permalink parent award report block reply Returningtogod 3 points 6 days ago The person who documented it is in prison and the records have been destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago It was pretty fast. Started down in the mid '90's I think. permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago It took Obama some time to transform and admit that he was pro gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 0 points 6 days ago Biden pushed the issue forward during 2012 election to cock block Romney. permalink parent award report block reply YT45 1 points 6 days ago Taqqiya permalink parent award report block reply Xtwitter 1 points 6 days ago Sounds like the same reason Trudeau got. Elected permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 28 points 6 days ago Mamdani had cash bars at his victory party. He promised free food, buses, housing, and healthcare, but he can't have free booze at his victory party LOL It'll start with sudden construction projects in front of the abortion clinics that reduce access. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 19 points 6 days ago LMFAO Every generation needs to fed their stupidity back to them. I remember the masses of dumb motherfuckers that believed Obama would pay for everything. How’d that work out? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago I have a saying for that. "Some people can be taught. The rest gotta learn." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Repentnow 2 points 6 days ago Seems like it worked out pretty well for the dependent-class. Free phone, free healthcare, free food, free rent, free utilities, free internet, free transportation, free everything. permalink parent award report block reply TheTruthIsInHere 9 points 6 days ago Socialists never spend their own money permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago Just like the women that voted him in. They never spend their own money, either. permalink parent award report block reply LIbertyRises 3 points 6 days ago I think Muslims are not allowed to drink, perhaps that has something to do with it too? I dunno? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Then alcohol would not have been there at all. (whispering) It's hypocrisy, just like promising free shit when campaigning then not giving free shit at the victory party permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 1 points 6 days ago Islam is okay with infidels aborting infodel children. Unless they can take the child, abortion isn’t a bad thing for a kafir in their book. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 19 points 6 days ago LMFAO Every generation needs to fed their stupidity back to them. I remember the masses of dumb motherfuckers that believed Obama would pay for everything. How’d that work out? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago I have a saying for that. "Some people can be taught. The rest gotta learn." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Repentnow 2 points 6 days ago Seems like it worked out pretty well for the dependent-class. Free phone, free healthcare, free food, free rent, free utilities, free internet, free transportation, free everything. permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 9 points 6 days ago I have a saying for that. "Some people can be taught. The rest gotta learn." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Repentnow 2 points 6 days ago Seems like it worked out pretty well for the dependent-class. Free phone, free healthcare, free food, free rent, free utilities, free internet, free transportation, free everything. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTruthIsInHere 9 points 6 days ago Socialists never spend their own money permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 9 points 6 days ago Just like the women that voted him in. They never spend their own money, either. permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 9 points 6 days ago Just like the women that voted him in. They never spend their own money, either. permalink parent award report block reply
LIbertyRises 3 points 6 days ago I think Muslims are not allowed to drink, perhaps that has something to do with it too? I dunno? permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Then alcohol would not have been there at all. (whispering) It's hypocrisy, just like promising free shit when campaigning then not giving free shit at the victory party permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 2 points 6 days ago Then alcohol would not have been there at all. (whispering) It's hypocrisy, just like promising free shit when campaigning then not giving free shit at the victory party permalink parent award report block reply
3-10 1 points 6 days ago Islam is okay with infidels aborting infodel children. Unless they can take the child, abortion isn’t a bad thing for a kafir in their book. permalink parent award report block reply
Spellmonger 2 points 6 days ago What was the timeline in England? Someone must have it documented. permalink parent award report block reply Returningtogod 3 points 6 days ago The person who documented it is in prison and the records have been destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago It was pretty fast. Started down in the mid '90's I think. permalink parent award report block reply
Returningtogod 3 points 6 days ago The person who documented it is in prison and the records have been destroyed. permalink parent award report block reply
AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago It was pretty fast. Started down in the mid '90's I think. permalink parent award report block reply
hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago It took Obama some time to transform and admit that he was pro gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 0 points 6 days ago Biden pushed the issue forward during 2012 election to cock block Romney. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 0 points 6 days ago Biden pushed the issue forward during 2012 election to cock block Romney. permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 1 points 6 days ago Taqqiya permalink parent award report block reply
Xtwitter 1 points 6 days ago Sounds like the same reason Trudeau got. Elected permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 28 points 6 days ago Way off the mark. Women vote to hurt people they don't like, even when the consequences are worse for them.  They don't think about that because they do not have the ability to consider consequences.  So if they're miserable in the end, it doesn't matter because they have also made someone else miserable. Women never grow out of their middle school mean girl stage.  Never.  They absolutely despise men they consider "low status".  So when they see regular working men like us prospering under a Trump economy like we did in his first term, that is worse than 9/11.  They've never gotten past that.  They will vote in a genocidal Pol Pot if it means putting us in our places. permalink parent award report block reply Saxonlady 9 points 6 days ago Don't forget that they also voted for chimp grin face because Trump haters told them to. permalink parent award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 8 points 6 days ago Yep. Most women stop developing mentally at age 16. They are just large children. permalink parent award report block reply Cyer6 3 points 6 days ago This is also my view. When Trump won, it sent them further off the rails. These elections in blue shitholes were all about TDS and hatred. The D's entire platform has been nothing more than getting back at Trump and MAGA. They picked the most offensive candidate that goes against everything that is good about America. Now it's time to watch it play out. permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 1 points 6 days ago You’re overthinking it. Women conform to whatever they think the group opinion is. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago They do but I'm not.  I'm right and so are you. permalink parent award report block reply
Saxonlady 9 points 6 days ago Don't forget that they also voted for chimp grin face because Trump haters told them to. permalink parent award report block reply
alucard13mmfmj 8 points 6 days ago Yep. Most women stop developing mentally at age 16. They are just large children. permalink parent award report block reply
Cyer6 3 points 6 days ago This is also my view. When Trump won, it sent them further off the rails. These elections in blue shitholes were all about TDS and hatred. The D's entire platform has been nothing more than getting back at Trump and MAGA. They picked the most offensive candidate that goes against everything that is good about America. Now it's time to watch it play out. permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 1 points 6 days ago You’re overthinking it. Women conform to whatever they think the group opinion is. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago They do but I'm not.  I'm right and so are you. permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago They do but I'm not.  I'm right and so are you. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 16 points 6 days ago There isn’t a whole lot of white women left in nyc. It’s mostly browns. Like 60-80%. So I suspect shutting down clubs and so on will go over with little fan fare. Who knows maybe white women turn racist and xenophobic if they lose their whore Capitol. permalink parent award report block reply lionwind 7 points 6 days ago This, he didn't win due to white women, he won due to all the other races/immigrants voting for him. Demographics is destiny. permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 2 points 6 days ago Well, we aren’t deporting enough. Trump isn’t going after anyone and everyone, just criminals and those that refused the self deportation order. permalink parent award report block reply
lionwind 7 points 6 days ago This, he didn't win due to white women, he won due to all the other races/immigrants voting for him. Demographics is destiny. permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 2 points 6 days ago Well, we aren’t deporting enough. Trump isn’t going after anyone and everyone, just criminals and those that refused the self deportation order. permalink parent award report block reply
3-10 2 points 6 days ago Well, we aren’t deporting enough. Trump isn’t going after anyone and everyone, just criminals and those that refused the self deportation order. permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 8 points 6 days ago Women think he’s hot? lmao. No. That is such a low bar. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 4 points 6 days ago Your and the women you know probably don't, but there's a lot of women you don't know that giggle, say swipe right, and smile when his name is mentioned. He's almost always picked for Fuck in Marry, Fuck, Kill. I don't pretend to understand it. Just reporting my observations. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago When Mamdani plays Marry, Fuck, Kill it's always the goat that gets picked. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago I wouldn't be surprised if SOME women voted for him because they thought he was attractive. Some women voted for Clinton because they thought he was handsome, too. Funny how they never say that about republicans, isn't it? When I look at old pictures of JFK I'm always confused as to why people say he was so handsome. He was kind of cock eyed and had a weird smile. But that's the mythology of JFK, he was "handsome". Okay... permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 4 points 6 days ago Your and the women you know probably don't, but there's a lot of women you don't know that giggle, say swipe right, and smile when his name is mentioned. He's almost always picked for Fuck in Marry, Fuck, Kill. I don't pretend to understand it. Just reporting my observations. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago When Mamdani plays Marry, Fuck, Kill it's always the goat that gets picked. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 5 points 6 days ago When Mamdani plays Marry, Fuck, Kill it's always the goat that gets picked. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 6 days ago I wouldn't be surprised if SOME women voted for him because they thought he was attractive. Some women voted for Clinton because they thought he was handsome, too. Funny how they never say that about republicans, isn't it? When I look at old pictures of JFK I'm always confused as to why people say he was so handsome. He was kind of cock eyed and had a weird smile. But that's the mythology of JFK, he was "handsome". Okay... permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 4 points 6 days ago How women think that street shitter is “hot” is beyond me permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago White liberal women love minorities. It gives them more social media clout to date one or five. I don't understand the appeal, either. I do see their instagrams and tiktoks full of melanated guys for the virtue signaling proof. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 6 days ago It’s disgusting permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago Women were shamed for this before feminism came along permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 3 points 6 days ago White liberal women love minorities. It gives them more social media clout to date one or five. I don't understand the appeal, either. I do see their instagrams and tiktoks full of melanated guys for the virtue signaling proof. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 6 days ago It’s disgusting permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago Women were shamed for this before feminism came along permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 2 points 6 days ago It’s disgusting permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 3 points 6 days ago Women were shamed for this before feminism came along permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 3 points 6 days ago Women were shamed for this before feminism came along permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 34 points 6 days ago sod_off_shotgun 14 points 6 days ago This guy gets it. I didn't even watch this shit, I just went to the comments hoping to see something along the lines of what do care what this random n thinks? permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 10 points 6 days ago Don't forget she strategically has her boobs mostly out and in frame permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 7 points 6 days ago Don't hate her. She's just trying to make money by thirst trapping right wing incels. I give her about 2 years before she's selling butthole pics for $5 on onlyfans. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 6 days ago I'll take the under on the 2 years estimate. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 6 days ago Yet here you are, on a board of “right wing incels,” posting weak rage bait. Imagine being such a fucking loser that you spend your time on a website full of people you hate 😂😂 you are a cancer and have not contributed a single thing to society, ever permalink parent award report block reply
sod_off_shotgun 14 points 6 days ago This guy gets it. I didn't even watch this shit, I just went to the comments hoping to see something along the lines of what do care what this random n thinks? permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 10 points 6 days ago Don't forget she strategically has her boobs mostly out and in frame permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 7 points 6 days ago Don't hate her. She's just trying to make money by thirst trapping right wing incels. I give her about 2 years before she's selling butthole pics for $5 on onlyfans. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 6 days ago I'll take the under on the 2 years estimate. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 6 days ago Yet here you are, on a board of “right wing incels,” posting weak rage bait. Imagine being such a fucking loser that you spend your time on a website full of people you hate 😂😂 you are a cancer and have not contributed a single thing to society, ever permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 7 points 6 days ago Don't hate her. She's just trying to make money by thirst trapping right wing incels. I give her about 2 years before she's selling butthole pics for $5 on onlyfans. permalink parent award report block reply EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 6 days ago I'll take the under on the 2 years estimate. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 6 days ago Yet here you are, on a board of “right wing incels,” posting weak rage bait. Imagine being such a fucking loser that you spend your time on a website full of people you hate 😂😂 you are a cancer and have not contributed a single thing to society, ever permalink parent award report block reply
EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 4 points 6 days ago I'll take the under on the 2 years estimate. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 6 days ago Yet here you are, on a board of “right wing incels,” posting weak rage bait. Imagine being such a fucking loser that you spend your time on a website full of people you hate 😂😂 you are a cancer and have not contributed a single thing to society, ever permalink parent award report block reply
mydogma8yourkarma 15 points 6 days ago Socialism works great until you run out of other peoples' money. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald 7 points 6 days ago And they will blame it on Trump for not sending federal (other people’s money) funds to support socialism in NYC. But, you can see a small part of his point.  If the Congress can commit our grandchildren to $150 trillion of debt to repay, burden the annual budget with a Trillion dollars a year in interest, and a third party independent bank that merely prints more money each year to fund foreign intervention, trillion dollar deficits and trillion dollar waste fraud and abuse much going politicians…….why not some for NYC corrupt social system? permalink award report block reply
Nancys_drooping_eye 5 points 6 days ago Making a million dollars a year is not what defines a millionaire.  It's a math equation of assets minus liabilities.  If that is over 1 million dollars,  technically you're a millionaire.  There's going to be very few people to tax actually making over 1 million per year. permalink award report block reply preferredfault 6 points 6 days ago I did the math a long time ago, but if you took all the wealth of every millionaire and billionaire in the US, not just what they make, but selling all their assets too, you'd be able to cut a check for $40,000 to every person in America. Once. Then there's no more rich, and none of the businesses are owned by Americans anymore (because you'd have to sell them all off to foreigners). And when everyone has an extra $40,000 it's going to be like no one has an extra $40,000 because there simply won't even be enough supply of goods in the market for people to just go on spending sprees, so what will happen is prices will rise drastically, and then that $40,000 spends like $1,000. With how bad that is, it's even worse when you consider that merely taxing the rich more brings in only a tiny fraction of what taking all their money would bring in, and taking all of their money is still not much in the grand scheme of things. The real truth is when politicians say they want to tax the rich, what they really mean is they want to tax the middle class and poor. Just like when politicians say they want to tax businesses, they're really saying they want to tax the consumer. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 6 days ago You just described what happened with covid, only we printed the money.  The cycle, is claim to tax the rich, rich don't pay, money is already spent, get money from middle class.  Middle class always pays for the "tax the rich" schemes. permalink parent award report block reply Throwawayjan6 4 points 6 days ago Mamdami is not talking about wealth, he is talking about annnual gross income exceeding $1M. The number of people in that bracket was already falling in 2022 and I’m sure will get worse. permalink parent award report block reply
preferredfault 6 points 6 days ago I did the math a long time ago, but if you took all the wealth of every millionaire and billionaire in the US, not just what they make, but selling all their assets too, you'd be able to cut a check for $40,000 to every person in America. Once. Then there's no more rich, and none of the businesses are owned by Americans anymore (because you'd have to sell them all off to foreigners). And when everyone has an extra $40,000 it's going to be like no one has an extra $40,000 because there simply won't even be enough supply of goods in the market for people to just go on spending sprees, so what will happen is prices will rise drastically, and then that $40,000 spends like $1,000. With how bad that is, it's even worse when you consider that merely taxing the rich more brings in only a tiny fraction of what taking all their money would bring in, and taking all of their money is still not much in the grand scheme of things. The real truth is when politicians say they want to tax the rich, what they really mean is they want to tax the middle class and poor. Just like when politicians say they want to tax businesses, they're really saying they want to tax the consumer. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 3 points 6 days ago You just described what happened with covid, only we printed the money.  The cycle, is claim to tax the rich, rich don't pay, money is already spent, get money from middle class.  Middle class always pays for the "tax the rich" schemes. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 3 points 6 days ago You just described what happened with covid, only we printed the money.  The cycle, is claim to tax the rich, rich don't pay, money is already spent, get money from middle class.  Middle class always pays for the "tax the rich" schemes. permalink parent award report block reply
Throwawayjan6 4 points 6 days ago Mamdami is not talking about wealth, he is talking about annnual gross income exceeding $1M. The number of people in that bracket was already falling in 2022 and I’m sure will get worse. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 4 points 6 days ago They know. They just want Whites to pay for it. They aren’t that stupid. They just hate you that much. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 3 points 6 days ago 𝙏𝙝𝙚𝙮 want Christians to leave, and it's working. Because who would stay? permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 3 points 6 days ago 𝙏𝙝𝙚𝙮 want Christians to leave, and it's working. Because who would stay? permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 4 points 6 days ago As long as it's not those who are benefiting from the free gibs, they won't care. permalink award report block reply
DrTar 3 points 6 days ago But if it's free to me I don't care how much it cost someone else, says a narcissist. permalink award report block reply monkadelic 1 points 6 days ago We saw lots of those lately.  People bragging about 3 or 4 grocery carts full of garbage food. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 1 points 6 days ago We saw lots of those lately.  People bragging about 3 or 4 grocery carts full of garbage food. permalink parent award report block reply
Spellmonger 3 points 6 days ago They don't care, as long as they aren't the ones paying. permalink award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs 3 points 6 days ago What would make you think they don't understand?  They know exactly how the game works, and who is paying for it. What people don't understand is that the purpose of government assistance programs is partially to remove gratitude from the equation, so that the very people on the programs can be made to hate the people paying for their lives. permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 3 points 6 days ago People from shit hole countries and women sho don't know how to add and subtract don't understand there is no free lunch.  Everything gets paid for one way or another. Stupid people don't understand you can't nail down the very rich because the very rich can always get up and leave.  Unlike the professional class and middle class that have to go where the jobs are, the very rich are never tied down by location or even country or nationality.  They also didn't get rich by giving away their money to governments.  They got rich by sheltering their money.   Avaricious people go to great lengths to keep their nest eggs and they aren't going to hand that over to Mamadani.   I will guarantee you right now, neither Mamdani or his wealthy parents are going to pay the tax hikes either. Eventually, it's going to be the professional class and middle class that pays all the taxes.  Since they can't afford it and their jobs will move out o f state, they'll be forced to leave too.   This is how a city or state enters a doom loop. Eventually they won't even be able to pay for the basics, so they start cutting services. At that point, they enter Detroit levels of fail. No one moves into the city.  No one who isn't on the public dole lives in the city.  You can see this play out in real time in San Francisco.  San Fran did nothing about it's crime problem, homeless problem and sky high rents.  Eventually the convention capital of the world couldn't even get conventions to happen with rates slashed by 50 and 80%.   The conventions forums and facilities themselves just stopped paying taxes and so the property defaulted to the city.  The city isn't doing maintenance or upkeep on these venues.   The same thing happened in Detroit which is why Stadiums, malls, Orchestra houses even museums are dilepidated  empty property.  Go look at some of the rotted out buildings in Detroit.   San Fran's buildings have started their deterioration already. If you're middle class or professional class in NYC, get out now before the doom loop has forced you out.  You can keep most of your assets and nest egg if you get out now.   In one to two years, you'll be stripped of your wealth on the way out.  Heck , California is so greedy now that they're actually trying to make people who have left California pay taxes to the state they left. permalink award report block reply
3-10 3 points 6 days ago She’s racktastic, shame about the tattoo permalink award report block reply
GainesvilleFlorida 3 points 6 days ago This is such a major diversion. The problem is the Muslim not the commie. permalink award report block reply cannonfodder 0 points 6 days ago They are both a problem especially given their red/green alliance. permalink parent award report block reply
cannonfodder 0 points 6 days ago They are both a problem especially given their red/green alliance. permalink parent award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 3 points 6 days ago People love when government gives them free stuff. They look to the government as like a god, gifting out a lottery to them. I was probably like this when I was young and stupid. What changed? For me what changed was the first time I paid $25k in one year of taxes. For me, I was angry about that. I wanted to punch someone in the face. I wanted some of that returned. When you finally start making decent money and the tax component starts to skyrocket. And I imagine all of the poor people giving very little back. I don't want free shit being given out. permalink award report block reply
BIG88 3 points 6 days ago No one cares. It’s the same as us voting for “I’m gonna release the Epstein files” we shoulda known it was a lie. permalink award report block reply
JediDwag 3 points 6 days ago Socialism = slavery. Dems are bringing it back. permalink award report block reply
quiznossucks 2 points 6 days ago At the end........It's all TRUMPS fault......😆😆😆😆😆 permalink award report block reply
AutPaxAutBellum300 2 points 6 days ago Taught my step daughter that early when she talked about free lunches at school for some kids. I told her, nothing is free, someone is paying for it, just not you, so it seems free. Those lunches, my taxes pay that..... permalink award report block reply
Another_ID 2 points 6 days ago The most expensive things in life are free. permalink award report block reply
Megaboom2025 2 points 6 days ago My brother in Christ, the people getting “free stuff” don’t pay taxes. They don’t care that the middle class pay for their things. permalink award report block reply
BigE123456 2 points 6 days ago Math is hard. Math is harder when your STUPID!!!!!!! permalink award report block reply
CaJuN-Polak 2 points 6 days ago When you take from Peter to give to Paul, you'll always get Paul's approval. permalink award report block reply
JoeCubicle 2 points 6 days ago Sadly, this is going to be fun to watch. permalink award report block reply
Cuetardian 2 points 6 days ago The concept of "treat everyone fairly and equally" is part of Western civilization. The parable Jesus told of the Good Samaritan was meant to teach this idea. You will not find this outlook in other religions or political systems. Virtually everywhere else, it is perfectly normal and expected that you can treat outsiders any way you like. You can cheat them, lie to them, steal from them, use them, buy them, sell them, and even kill them without consequence. As long as you treat your own immediate family well, and your own small tribe well, using outsiders is just the way life is. It's how you survive and, sometimes, grow rich. Mamdani is doing the same thing. Any non-muslim is an outsider to him and to all of them. That's why it's completely normal and acceptable to him to take from outsiders (anyone not muslim) and give what they have to his own tribe. But those in the West do not understand that. They think everybody who speaks English well and wears a suit is just like we are and follows all the same rules. They don't. Not even close. And NYC is about to find that out in the worst way. permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 2 points 6 days ago Oh they know someone else is paying for it. Its just not them so they dont care. They especially love it if "oligarchs" pay for it. permalink award report block reply
ChicagoforTrump 2 points 6 days ago The problem is that the uniparty has been looting the treasury for decades and then they started giving crumbs to the little man. Now it’s just an all out rush before the house of cards collapses. We should all refuse to pay taxes. permalink award report block reply
least_counties_ever 2 points 6 days ago Free stuff is never free, that's true, but affordability is a real issue, and we will lose Gen Z if we don't address that issue.  Houses you could buy on one income 40 years ago, you can't buy on two incomes today.  That's a real problem for Gen Z, and the socialist pied piper knows it. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 2 points 6 days ago They undesrstand it, they don't care, as long as they don't have to pay. permalink award report block reply
Another_rando 2 points 6 days ago Like this website permalink award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 2 points 6 days ago https://x.com/1109Patricia/status/1986349727290470605 permalink award report block reply
assblast 2 points 6 days ago Because it does mean free. See: SNAP You think people getting all that free stuff are "paying for it"? permalink award report block reply
MorningFrost 2 points 6 days ago NYC is a shithole. permalink award report block reply
Odinius 2 points 6 days ago Free labor for all, no pay required. permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 2 points 6 days ago “Free stuff,” it’s never free, someone is always going to be paying for it To explain their mindset a bit since I feel like conservatives frequently don't get it: So elsewhere some conversations have popped up that recalled how boomers were able to provide for a whole family on one income, yet in only a generation or a couple, that is less possible However, productivity has increased, so there is more money to pay people like a generation or two ago. The money therefore is going to shareholders and CEOs instead of the workers producing the tangible value. (Remember again a generation ago it was possible to pay higher wages) Socialists like Mamdani therefore feel they can get these monies "back" by just taking it by taxation and giving it to people, and they view it as the money they brought in to existence with their labor, so it is rightfully theirs. A bunch of "capitalists" (I think wrongly) defend this system of more-or-less "theft" from workers and instead just advocate for the CEOs and shareholders to gain their excess profits today (compared to a generation ago). So I guess the question is how it might be possible to "voluntarily" keep these monies in the hands of workers rather than the rich (again, as was more possible a generation ago). Well, in part one approach is to become the shareholder by owning stocks; another related one is to have your own business where you are the "CEO". But we could also advocate for a culture of better wages for the average person, because again the money is there to pay workers. To sum, there are kind of three positions: Socialists - believe they should "take the money that's theirs from their hard work via taxation". "Capitalists" - believe more of the money is rightfully that of the CEOs and shareholders (yet this contradicts the practices of a generation ago) Americans of a previous gen - believe workers could be paid more voluntarily or make more via various means of owning a business ("being CEO"), owning capital ("being the shareholders"), or voluntarily advocating for wage increases since the businesses have profits to pay for such increases (worker "activism") At least this is my understanding of things, I welcome discussion about them permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 2 points 6 days ago Here is why socialism and communism is doomed. If you can find a work around from this then yes it would be great but there is always that one catch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvMWQGzStB4&list=PLDFPB-ijN_0D3eX5Qj-FHfGZ7Cjde9-nK permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 2 points 6 days ago Here is why socialism and communism is doomed. If you can find a work around from this then yes it would be great but there is always that one catch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvMWQGzStB4&list=PLDFPB-ijN_0D3eX5Qj-FHfGZ7Cjde9-nK permalink parent award report block reply
FreedomIsntFree 2 points 6 days ago They’re just going to make NYC Dubai 2.0. A 34 year old muslim from Uganda doesn’t become mayor of New York without serious external financial backing permalink award report block reply
xanax123 2 points 6 days ago Great video by the black guy, he really made some good points. permalink award report block reply
Hunter_loves_2_feet 1 points 6 days ago Then in a few years they will be giving tax break incentives to get people to do business there and it will be all foreigners. permalink award report block reply
0Tolerence4Horseshit 1 points 6 days ago True, and they think it's going to be the rest of the United States paying for New York's faggot Communist horseshit. And if the Republicans don't kill it in the midterms...we will be. permalink award report block reply
thelastlast 1 points 6 days ago they understand perfectly.  thats the worst part. permalink award report block reply
Kricket 1 points 6 days ago If they could understand cause and effect, they probably wouldn’t be welfare queens. “No one told them not to” isn’t the reason monkeys fling shit. permalink award report block reply
Coprolite 1 points 6 days ago The same reason that mice die in traps, they don't understand that the bait isn't free food permalink award report block reply
Sherbertbert 1 points 6 days ago Da urban youf! permalink award report block reply
PatriotDescendant 1 points 6 days ago Rents will fall. But other than that, she's spot on. permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 6 days ago The comments in the last article say the lunatics are paying insane prices to move to NYC for the time being. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 6 days ago The comments in the last article say the lunatics are paying insane prices to move to NYC for the time being. permalink parent award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 6 days ago I just read the man got elected because they didn't require IDs that proved a voter was legal. Voting fraud is a reason to be deported. ( the exit polls is where this information came from btw) permalink award report block reply
BritTwat 1 points 6 days ago Some of my stupid countrymen seem to think "we get healthcare for free" while paying a Mandatory National Insurance fee taken from their wages every pay cheque. Its only free to freeloaders. permalink award report block reply
Yamel13 1 points 6 days ago woman *, not people permalink award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 1 points 6 days ago 🍿🍿🍿 permalink award report block reply
TrumpIsTheVictor 1 points 6 days ago The thing is they know it is not actually free. But they get a thrill knowing they are fucking others in order to get it. There are a few that are clueless, but the majority are lazy selfish fucks. permalink award report block reply
goatnuts 1 points 6 days ago A patriots.win post of a tweet of a video of a guy showing you tiktok of another video, that's the whole post. These levels of reposting shouldn't be possible. permalink award report block reply
MAGAthuglife 1 points 6 days ago free stuff, like the free content the dude took from the girl.? permalink award report block reply
fazaman 1 points 6 days ago Up until a couple of years ago, my cousin, who though some rather stupid means, had my late grandmother's house, a three apartment in Queens, in his name. The building was worth just over a million dollars. This made him, technically, a millionaire. Afaik, he never worked a day of his life on the books. His mother transferred the house into his name so as not to mess with her government benefits, as she also, afaik, never worked a day in her life on the books. They're not independently wealthy. They lived their lives on government benefits. They're tax drains. He was one of those millionaires. But there was no money to tax out of him. TL;Dr: Being a millionaire in NYC just means you own your house,  not that you have a high income. Side note: This video, where a guy steals someone else's content and just sits there and nods, is crap. The girl's video is good, though. permalink award report block reply
hughjasske69 1 points 6 days ago Why do I need to look at his stupid face while listening to her speak? permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs 0 points 6 days ago Be his waz kings and shit permalink parent award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs 0 points 6 days ago Be his waz kings and shit permalink parent award report block reply
NotInFormation 1 points 6 days ago They understand. They get “free” and we get to slave.  The problem is many of we don’t understand this goal of the left. permalink award report block reply
tt777 1 points 6 days ago It's free for them. permalink award report block reply
alucard13mmfmj 1 points 6 days ago Mamdani says he will tax white people more. For some reason, white women think they are exempted and assume the tax is only for white men. Mamdani says even less cops and police.. well, white women are gonna have to pay another tax. Being targeted by others. Then when the white women complains, theyll still blame white patriarchy and to fix the problem by giving browns more money and to let rapists and thieves go to "break the cycle" lol. Its exactly gonna play out like this. permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 6 days ago I am ashamed at this point to be a woman and it is the feminist generally desperately reaching out for anything other than to admit they are wrong. They make it clear women should not vote ever. I hate to say it. permalink parent award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 1 points 6 days ago Women of today is far worse than women 50.. 70 years ago. Almost no class and proper ettiquite at all. Social media made things 1000x worse. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 1 points 6 days ago I am ashamed at this point to be a woman and it is the feminist generally desperately reaching out for anything other than to admit they are wrong. They make it clear women should not vote ever. I hate to say it. permalink parent award report block reply alucard13mmfmj 1 points 6 days ago Women of today is far worse than women 50.. 70 years ago. Almost no class and proper ettiquite at all. Social media made things 1000x worse. permalink parent award report block reply
alucard13mmfmj 1 points 6 days ago Women of today is far worse than women 50.. 70 years ago. Almost no class and proper ettiquite at all. Social media made things 1000x worse. permalink parent award report block reply
doomerglowie2 1 points 6 days ago Bat man voice: THEY KNOW THEY JUST DONT CARE permalink award report block reply
Corse46 1 points 6 days ago You are completely missing the point. The people voting for it know that someone will be paying for it. It just won’t be them. It will be the rich people permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 6 days ago They understand that it's not them paying for it, they don't care who does. permalink award report block reply
blackswans 1 points 6 days ago Oh they understand. It's free to them, but you pay for it. By you I mean you White men that don't deserve that and didn't earn that. I've always had a LARGE garden and always had a rule about my excess vegetables. If you have a garden, even if it's a tomato plant in a pot, I'll share my excess. If you don't have a garden you don't get shit. It's pissed a lot of people off over the years. permalink award report block reply
Agent_Orange 1 points 6 days ago Why people don’t understand, “Free stuff,” it’s never free That's easy, because they don't care who pays for it, as long as it's not them. permalink award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 1 points 6 days ago They will simply build a new New York permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 1 points 6 days ago Trickle down taxonomics. permalink award report block reply
Underpants 1 points 6 days ago I think they understand, they just think taxing rich people will pay for it. permalink award report block reply
GodIsPerfect 0 points 6 days ago He only cares about the religious conversion of the masses. This is not about anything else. Wake up. The libs are being 100% conquered. permalink award report block reply
EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 0 points 6 days ago A woman posted a video of some black man sitting and smiling while watching a video of another woman speak. And then it gets reposted here. 99% of the internet is worthless garbage. permalink award report block reply
FullyDilated 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
FullyDilated 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply