492 I'm sorry, but WTAF is going on? Americans are too stupid to learn how to make batteries? Because we've been unemployed for 5 years? Dude. posted 19 hours ago by 24NoMoreBullshit 118 comments award share report block Logan Hall @loganclarkhall • 20h “We have plenty of talented people here.” “No you don’t.” I’m sorry but what the f*** is this? American talent split the atom and went to the moon. American talent built everything the modern world takes for granted now. Give me a break. This is insanity. Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 20h NOW - Trump says that H1B immigrants are necessary since there are not plenty of talented Americans. Laura: "We have plenty of talented people here!" Trump: "No, you don't. No, you don't... No, you don't have... You don't have certain talents and you have to... People have to
118 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style shockpurseyell 109 points 19 hours ago He’s completely lost me the last two weeks. Everything is suddenly foreigners first Americans last. His FBI AND DOJ doing jack shit on accountability at high levels. Antifa still raging. Judges still fucking around. Congress a useless ally. The movement is temporarily off the fucking rails. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 52 points 18 hours ago Yeah, but gaslighting us about lower prices, combined with 50 year mortgages....that right there is the recipe for success and what I voted for 3 times. /s permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 26 points 18 hours ago What about hanging out with Syrian Christian killers on terrorist watch lists at the whitehouse? That was pretty cool too! 🤗 permalink parent award report block reply NC_patriot 10 points 18 hours ago It’s been quite a week. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 8 points 17 hours ago That, I'm less opposed to.  If you're going to negotiate with people, then you have to meet with them, even people you don't like.  Refusing to talk to the adversary isn't the most effective strategy.  Bring him in, show him pictures of his houses, his family at those houses, and tell him it would be a shame if Christians continued to be killed and harassed in his country.  I'd rather do that than send in troops or drones. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 20 points 18 hours ago 50 year mortgage is a horrible idea.  How about lower all costs?  Or... here's a wild idea... deport everyone and hire only Americans. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 19 points 18 hours ago Gas has dropped $1.15/.35 around me. Eggs back to pre. However beef more or less still 3x higher before Biden's Terror. This has been good. Especially gas. I didn't see the "Trump economy" until 2019, shit was booming. I know policy will lag. But this? The fucking messaging with THIS SHIT about ludicrously stupid mortgages, foreign aid unabated, "let's try regimes changes again" Venezuela redux (2018), H1-Bs hell ANY visa should be denied, 600k Chinese nationals in our colleges is good, my god Trump. Gives me little hope for another economic resurgence. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 6 points 18 hours ago The economy is so far in the toilet, gas would need to come down to $1 a gallon for things to improve. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago We might approach that by January though so energy costs dropping would be a huge win for the US economy heading into 2026. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 29 points 18 hours ago I've been downvoted here a bunch for pointing out Campaign Trump is Awesome but President Trump isn't. I get that they shot him once and he knows they'll probably shoot him again if he doesnt fall in line but shiiiit it sucks seeing it be a reality. permalink parent award report block reply Big-E 1 points 9 hours ago He is still a demokkkrat at some levels. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago He's a 1990s Bill Clinton democrat. permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 14 points 15 hours ago Yeah, I've been thinking the same thing.  He's been unbelievable soft on just about everything, including immigration. permalink parent award report block reply FUCK_TYLER 7 points 15 hours ago something something something Epstein permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 7 points 17 hours ago That trip to Asia messed with his head permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... Jack_NC 71 points 19 hours ago And, just like that, we move one step closer to an actual civil war. America is for Americans. The rest of the world needs to go home. permalink award report block reply someguy99 6 points 10 hours ago You'll very VERY rarely find a businessman who doesn't love infinite cheap foreign labor and damn the consequences. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply MrTexan 57 points 19 hours ago Not a good look. permalink award report block reply StCharlie 6 points 18 hours ago My hot take on this is he likes to be controversial at times to make Americans talk.  If trump says he wants H1B visas the left will find a way to hate H1B.  He has a point about really smart people being able to bridge the gap, but the problem is that at the rate he is deporting we won't get to the point of assessing "genius" H1Bs versus the millions that are average or below average.  Trump tends to take populist view points that very much of the time lean left, but he turns it back into a win.  He's the good cop to Tom Homan's bad cop.  Trump learned from his first time around that if he speaks his mind on what he truly wants then he gets people in the streets burning stores.  I want all illegal and H1Bs taking American jobs removed.  At this point its clear Trump is more concerned with world peace, letting his cabinet do their jobs (whether they do a good job or not), and essentially waiting to see if there are enough MAGA people voted in for 2026 to get things done.  His focus has been 100% on trade deals and tariffs.  He's pretty hands off right now on H1Bs for now.  Considering he plans to blow 2 years, H1Bs seem like they will be here to stay since all he will do is close loop holes. permalink parent award report block reply Texas_81 19 points 18 hours ago You mean 5D chess again?!! permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 14 points 18 hours ago we've have  over 8 years now to see there is no 5d, 4d, or even 3d chess he's controlled opposition to give us a 4 year respite before the next fall down the cliff, but no actual "fixing" will occur during the respite permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 14 hours ago He actually does this pretty regularly. He negotiates in public. If he can't make his point privately, sometimes, he puts out a social media blast just to create a public firestorm. After letting the talking heads go to work for a few days or a week, he goes back to the people he's negotiating with and shows them the backlash. He builds leverage this way. You have to remember the man's always negotiating. Usually, such things are done in private between teams of lawyers and staffers who work out the details. They sign these agreements without so much as a peep from We the People. We may not even know there's anything going on at all til they're announcing the signing ceremony. So, if Trump makes it public and starts negotiating in public, he's at an impasse and he's trying to demand more. He leverages our outrage. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago True think of it like A/B testing and President Trump is able to make deals this way. permalink parent award report block reply StCharlie -4 points 18 hours ago Where is the 5D chess?  You must not have read everything.  I said at the end he's going to blow 2 years waiting to see if MAGA congressmen get voted in for 2026 and only close loop holes.  H1Bs here to stay. permalink parent award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 17 points 17 hours ago You 346803948960328D chess motherfuckers just need to stop. Fucking retards. permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 7 points 15 hours ago Dude, Trump gets people on the streets for anything he does so why give a fuck what they think anymore? The only thing Trump could do that would please these people is to kill himself, and even then they would probably be pissed on how he did it. I want Trump to succeed but he has been massively failing lately. permalink parent award report block reply Nonyer 1 points 16 hours ago I agree. This is also my hope. Trump since 2016 has said and taken positions that time and again piss us off, only to see the genius at work 6 months to a year down the road. He has earned my trust 100 times over, but you always get that nagging feeling. Is this it? Has he finally given in? permalink parent award report block reply MakeWSBgreatAgain -3 points 18 hours ago He's going to walk it back along with the 50 year mortgages. Someone will tell him how stupid this shit is. That's the good thing about Trump he Tacos his way out of things. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 47 points 18 hours ago Between him saying we NEED 600,000 Chinese students at universities and this bullshit I'm about to throw him off his own fucking train permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 21 points 18 hours ago We are MAGA. We are America First. Not one man. Man up and help me shovel coals into the furnace. We have this train. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 9 points 18 hours ago have always said it was never, ever about Trump.  Really this all started in the tea party days in the 2000's.  Trump was just the first person to verbalize what we all thought. permalink parent award report block reply peterstrzoked 5 points 14 hours ago The problem with the tea party movement is that it was quickly subverted by RINOs. Go back to 2010-2012 and look at the big tea party “heroes” - they are all openly swamp now. MAGA/AF is different in that we’ve taken so much abuse from RINOs that we’ve somewhat come to recognize it, so it’s harder for them to subvert. But until we can convince the low-info/Faux News watching boomers (no offense to the based boomers) to stop trying to kick Lucy’s football, we will still be a minority in our own side. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 18 hours ago Wouldn't those 600,000 Chinese qualify for a green card or whatever he was saying he wanted for foreign students who graduate here? permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago bingo.
that was the deal with china. You give us rare earth metals (for industry and military applications) and we will allow 600,000 spies (uh, I mean "students") into the US each year with a shot at permanent residency after graduation. Thus we will be filling the country with "legal" chinese 10x faster than we are exporting the latino illegals. All this talk about "deport deport deport" is senseless if we are simply filling the country with other non-assimilating cultures. And nothing is being done about the Indian H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply NadlersNads 34 points 19 hours ago "I am jack's total loss of patriotism" permalink award report block reply BadBrainsBuzzcocks 32 points 19 hours ago This interview was a trainwreck. permalink award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 29 points 18 hours ago Midterms are lost. Do we have any MAGA representatives. Even the leader of MAGA is not MAGA.. Zion Don is taking off the mask. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 28 points 18 hours ago What the fuck is on those tapes that he became this person? permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 17 points 17 hours ago Ever since the whole epstein debacle he's not been Trump/America First permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Epstien. permalink parent award report block reply utfanx2 26 points 18 hours ago How are we supposed to gain talent when the government facilitates outsourcing every single position for pennies on the dollar? permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago Turns out he was never about Americans, but the American economic zone controlled by the merchants. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 22 points 18 hours ago Who is this guy? permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 20 points 18 hours ago Fully Jew controlled Trump permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 19 points 14 hours ago Trump's pissing me off this term. 3 times I voted for this man. He's still riding Israel-first. They get money and bombs for free for their war of conquest. They invaded Lebanon, Syria. They have attacked Yemen and Iran. And we're being asked to pay for it and protect them from international consequences at the UN. This is not America First. He's still sending Zelensky money, intelligence, and weapons. We don't owe Ukraine anything but contempt at this point for lying to us and stealing what we gave them. You don't stop a war by giving the combatants weapons. This is not America First. There are no Epstein files. The Jewish government paid this piece of filth to sexual abuse and traffic little girls to perverts and creeps in our government in order to film it and blackmail them. What kind of sick f..k comes up with a scheme like that? And instead of putting this man in a woodchipper feet first for the world to see justice for those little girls, Trump's covering it up and lying to the world about Israel doing it. This is not America First. And he's still continuing the H1B population replacement. It's affecting me personally. I have an advanced degree. I have advanced training. I can absolutely do jobs that local employers refuse to hire me for and are filling with DEI or H1B hires. I can't get past the racist HR Karens because they want to hire a cheap, brown underclass. This is not America First. permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 4 points 9 hours ago A perfect summary, sorry to say. permalink parent award report block reply Survey_girl 1 points 7 hours ago and then gaslighting us about a great economy while 10s of thousands of american jobs are being cut and a pound of ground beef is $8 on sale (that is literally what I paid on friday).... don't forget the 50 year mortgages! permalink parent award report block reply FromTheTopRope 19 points 19 hours ago Accepting less wages and job protections is a talent. permalink award report block reply Texas_81 17 points 18 hours ago He’s been compromised by special interest fuck it there I said it. permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 17 points 18 hours ago Compromised by Jews permalink parent award report block reply Texas_81 10 points 17 hours ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 16 points 18 hours ago Can someone that has his ear please PUNCH HIM IN IT permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 16 points 18 hours ago If there’s one thing second term Trump has taught me it’s that the uniparty is real and politics will always be fake and gay permalink award report block reply ThunderGatti 15 points 16 hours ago After building the country that all this 3rd world trash floods into, suddenly we really need them permalink award report block reply 8bit_mixtape 15 points 17 hours ago That's not a very America First take. What the fuck is going on... permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 1 points 7 hours ago I'm guessing, he was shot once already, and there are probably threats on his grandkids lives permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 7 hours ago I think president business came out and said...foreign investment requires foreign experts to train.  He forgot that Americans invented lithium batteries and then exported the manufacturing expertise.   There is a middle.  Some foreign expertise is good.  Flooding technical jobs with quantity is bad for America,  since who would encourage your kid to learn manufacturing engineering if the jobs all go back to Asia. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Judendrumpf. permalink parent award report block reply Plutossextape1 13 points 17 hours ago I guess we're fucked and war is inevitable. permalink award report block reply Covfefebrulee 12 points 19 hours ago no ‘you’ don’t? Or we? permalink award report block reply FartOnLibtards 11 points 18 hours ago Everything is always about slave labor.  The truth is companies don't want to pay a fair wage. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 8 points 11 hours ago He's turned full traitor. Don't expect any support when you get impeached and imprisoned again. Backstabbing bitch. permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 8 points 18 hours ago His stances on Israel and H1-Bs have always been his 2 major weaknesses.  Number 3 is picking feckless AGs.  Number 4 is failure to reign in spending.  Oh well, he’s done plenty for his time, and we can see where the next guy can improve. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 9 points 18 hours ago If there is a next guy. Might just get another auto-pen installed at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 5 points 11 hours ago At the rate things are going, the next guy will very likely be AOC. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago There 100% will be a president AoC. The country is going to be non-White majority in 10 years. This was our last chance before violence. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago What did he do? permalink parent award report block reply Megaboom2025 8 points 14 hours ago At least he’s making Israel great again permalink award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago So in other words, all these 'investments' are actually to bring in more foreigners into the country? permalink award report block reply Protectthefirst 6 points 9 hours ago So we’re cancelling Trump now right? We turned our backs on Vivek for saying the exact same thing. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 2 points 8 hours ago Half the base will do mental gymnastics to justify this. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago I am. Fuck him. You do you. He's not the one. permalink parent award report block reply Stlpoolguy 6 points 18 hours ago Someone's in his ear permalink award report block reply Nezmith 8 points 17 hours ago Rumor is they like shekels permalink parent award report block reply BalorGafdan 6 points 10 hours ago Hard disagree with him on H1B's as an IT Professional. permalink award report block reply champdog 4 points 9 hours ago I voted for a different Trump. permalink award report block reply BusterHyman99 2 points 16 hours ago He's right. Look at what the colleges are producing a bunch of retarded fuckers who don't even know how to write a check or balance a budget. Government workers were crying starvation after missing a couple paychecks when they make 6 figures permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 2 points 18 hours ago Welp... permalink award report block reply lizardo221 2 points 10 hours ago "Americans are too stupid to make batteries?" Did nearly half of them vote for Kamala? I'd say there are a lot of really dumb people in this country right now. permalink award report block reply Twixter8888 1 points 6 hours ago That maybe true in some sense, but WTBF, you only get 1 truly talented for every 10000. Skip the 9999. permalink award report block reply ILoveSilk 1 points 9 hours ago "They;raided", not " We raided". Really??? permalink award report block reply Skyes 1 points 8 hours ago He was our last chance to save this country. Sad. Scary. The Bible tells me what’s coming. permalink award report block reply kamalas_knees 1 points 7 hours ago Getting real tired of this orange jew. permalink award report block reply Justjayce 1 points 6 hours ago I'll take an American over a lying street shitter with a fake degree anyday permalink award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Ultimate betrayal. I'm done. permalink award report block reply Keep_on_winning_kag 1 points 5 hours ago I'm not unemployed but I'd work in a car battery factory if of course it was oosha compliant. So is he saying all the illegals working there didn't get deported? I think not. permalink award report block reply UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 12 hours ago I Proudly state that New Zealander, Earnest Rutherford  split the atom. permalink award report block reply Purebloodsupreme -1 points 18 hours ago He wants congress to act and the GOP needs to make them do their jobs. You're all doing the intended response. Act like your fucking country has been stolen already. permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -6 points 14 hours ago Then maybe stormfags and faggot millennials should learn to work their way up instead of bitching about their problems and projecting their insecurities onto us. Go to college and get educated, don't get those woke underwater basket weaving degrees. Go pursue STEM degrees and get yourself an engineering internship. Not that fucking hard. But instead faggy millennials and zoomers never grew up. They would rather bitch about their problems due to their laziness and blame Trump for their problems. They prefer to watch their gay cartoons from China and masturbate to video games all day long. Maybe if millennials and zoomers weren't so gay they would understand why they're being replaced and why legal immigrants like H-1B's are more MAGA then they are. They deserve to be where they are due to their apathy. permalink award report block reply ShitAss 3 points 11 hours ago Retarded take https://www.thecollegefix.com/computer-engineering-grads-face-double-the-unemployment-rate-of-art-history-majors/ permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Jews hate White people. permalink parent award report block reply 24NoMoreBullshit OP 1 points 6 hours ago Your ignorance of the reality of the current working world is showing. permalink parent award report block reply cussword -38 points 19 hours ago To all those getting butthurt here on this sub: do you know how to make a battery? Do you have experience making a battery? If you expect the company to teach you, why the fuck would they hire you? We are in need of doctors too—are you going to do on the job training for that? permalink award report block reply whatsupup 39 points 19 hours ago So its okay for the company to train foreign workers then bring them here, rather than train Americans here? Those foreign workers weren't born knowing how to make batteries, they were trained by the company. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 11 points 18 hours ago Do the reverse of what they did to us, make the foreigners train their American replacements. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 34 points 19 hours ago 5 years of repairing, installing, and recycling batteries for large and small power systems. Chemistry degree, so I understand the processes involved . It's not hard and most of it can be taught in a few weeks. Do you think the CCP is hiring college grads to work their production lines? The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 4 points 17 hours ago The basic concept of making a battery isn't super complicated, just like the basic concepts in terms of making a motor isn't that complicated... the tricky part is to be able to make these things consistently to specs, unless it's purpose built. The way things are structured, it would still be cheaper, if there truly was a lack of skilled people to create "retraining" programs for locals to get the skills... I mean, if there's a glut of one skillset, but a similar but different skillset is lacking, there's usually enough crossover to quickly train people to make the switch where finding a job will be easy. Last time I looked for work, I remember fairly commonly would be things like 10 years experience in x, 5 years experience in y, and 5 years experience in z, where x, y, and z are an extremely uncommon combination of skills that either represents a job posting specifically made to eliminate candidates arbitrarily, or potentially because Mark retired after 30 years in the role and that was his skillset. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 5 points 16 hours ago Institutional inertia, they're not able to change because "that's how we've always done it". I've seen the ridiculous requirements for hiring, I'm sure it's how they justify H1B hires or leaving a job open until one of their nepobabies applies. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago Those job descriptions are written that way precisely as a filter to eliminate American candidates. That is required for hiring the H1B -- no suitable candidates. I remember seeing a video from a consultancy firm coaching HR departments on how to write these "screening" requirements. It's deliberate. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 18 hours ago "The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists." Yeah, I guess kinda, except were being bled dry in the first part so we can't afford, and the second part is... idiots rule lol. Screwed no matter. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 24 points 19 hours ago Do you really think we would be happy about all his deals and investments bringing back jobs here only to find out... ooops, those jobs aren't for you natives, they're for H1-b visa holders. But don't worry, we'll get a pittance of tax revenue from them because we also gave them breaks and incentives. We have a ton of smart kids here, and ince again, nothing for them.Get fucked. This is fucking wrong and anyone that defends it is a kool-aid drinking cultist. This movement is full of free critical thinkers m, not ass kissing apologists. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 16 points 18 hours ago I know how to make a battery more than 99% of those in the plants do. What types, how they function (I'm talking down to the physics level) and proper use and care. None of that required a diploma or even training, it was a necessary knowledge peripheral to my work in the trades. A side bitch. Doctors, btw, are always "on the job training". Funny how most are them just drones (Plannedemic). I respect surgeons for having true talent. And sorry you ignorant fuck, if you saw the level of "talent" in existing battery plants (much less manufacturing plants as a whole) then yes plucking someone straight out of the unemployment line in the U.S would be a net increase. I've seen thousands of people grinded up into spaghetti around the world doing shit, some shit sooooo unbelievably stupid, having nothing to do with 'poor regulations'. Only which a population IQ average barely above room temperature can accomplish. Literally no sober non retard in the U.S. is going to dig their hands into an active woodchipper or, my favorite, stepping into a rock crusher to loosen a boulder, with 7 other idiots around helping, and no one turn it the fuck off first- that was one slow brutal death, I'd love to share, give you perspective. And so, just because you accept you are a moron, doesn't mean the American public are. permalink parent award report block reply shogun5000 9 points 19 hours ago You're a fucking idiot. Fucking neocon shill. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
shockpurseyell 109 points 19 hours ago He’s completely lost me the last two weeks. Everything is suddenly foreigners first Americans last. His FBI AND DOJ doing jack shit on accountability at high levels. Antifa still raging. Judges still fucking around. Congress a useless ally. The movement is temporarily off the fucking rails. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 52 points 18 hours ago Yeah, but gaslighting us about lower prices, combined with 50 year mortgages....that right there is the recipe for success and what I voted for 3 times. /s permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 26 points 18 hours ago What about hanging out with Syrian Christian killers on terrorist watch lists at the whitehouse? That was pretty cool too! 🤗 permalink parent award report block reply NC_patriot 10 points 18 hours ago It’s been quite a week. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 8 points 17 hours ago That, I'm less opposed to.  If you're going to negotiate with people, then you have to meet with them, even people you don't like.  Refusing to talk to the adversary isn't the most effective strategy.  Bring him in, show him pictures of his houses, his family at those houses, and tell him it would be a shame if Christians continued to be killed and harassed in his country.  I'd rather do that than send in troops or drones. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 20 points 18 hours ago 50 year mortgage is a horrible idea.  How about lower all costs?  Or... here's a wild idea... deport everyone and hire only Americans. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 19 points 18 hours ago Gas has dropped $1.15/.35 around me. Eggs back to pre. However beef more or less still 3x higher before Biden's Terror. This has been good. Especially gas. I didn't see the "Trump economy" until 2019, shit was booming. I know policy will lag. But this? The fucking messaging with THIS SHIT about ludicrously stupid mortgages, foreign aid unabated, "let's try regimes changes again" Venezuela redux (2018), H1-Bs hell ANY visa should be denied, 600k Chinese nationals in our colleges is good, my god Trump. Gives me little hope for another economic resurgence. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 6 points 18 hours ago The economy is so far in the toilet, gas would need to come down to $1 a gallon for things to improve. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago We might approach that by January though so energy costs dropping would be a huge win for the US economy heading into 2026. permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 29 points 18 hours ago I've been downvoted here a bunch for pointing out Campaign Trump is Awesome but President Trump isn't. I get that they shot him once and he knows they'll probably shoot him again if he doesnt fall in line but shiiiit it sucks seeing it be a reality. permalink parent award report block reply Big-E 1 points 9 hours ago He is still a demokkkrat at some levels. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago He's a 1990s Bill Clinton democrat. permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 14 points 15 hours ago Yeah, I've been thinking the same thing.  He's been unbelievable soft on just about everything, including immigration. permalink parent award report block reply FUCK_TYLER 7 points 15 hours ago something something something Epstein permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 7 points 17 hours ago That trip to Asia messed with his head permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
bill_in_texas 52 points 18 hours ago Yeah, but gaslighting us about lower prices, combined with 50 year mortgages....that right there is the recipe for success and what I voted for 3 times. /s permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 26 points 18 hours ago What about hanging out with Syrian Christian killers on terrorist watch lists at the whitehouse? That was pretty cool too! 🤗 permalink parent award report block reply NC_patriot 10 points 18 hours ago It’s been quite a week. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 8 points 17 hours ago That, I'm less opposed to.  If you're going to negotiate with people, then you have to meet with them, even people you don't like.  Refusing to talk to the adversary isn't the most effective strategy.  Bring him in, show him pictures of his houses, his family at those houses, and tell him it would be a shame if Christians continued to be killed and harassed in his country.  I'd rather do that than send in troops or drones. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 20 points 18 hours ago 50 year mortgage is a horrible idea.  How about lower all costs?  Or... here's a wild idea... deport everyone and hire only Americans. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 19 points 18 hours ago Gas has dropped $1.15/.35 around me. Eggs back to pre. However beef more or less still 3x higher before Biden's Terror. This has been good. Especially gas. I didn't see the "Trump economy" until 2019, shit was booming. I know policy will lag. But this? The fucking messaging with THIS SHIT about ludicrously stupid mortgages, foreign aid unabated, "let's try regimes changes again" Venezuela redux (2018), H1-Bs hell ANY visa should be denied, 600k Chinese nationals in our colleges is good, my god Trump. Gives me little hope for another economic resurgence. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 6 points 18 hours ago The economy is so far in the toilet, gas would need to come down to $1 a gallon for things to improve. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago We might approach that by January though so energy costs dropping would be a huge win for the US economy heading into 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 26 points 18 hours ago What about hanging out with Syrian Christian killers on terrorist watch lists at the whitehouse? That was pretty cool too! 🤗 permalink parent award report block reply NC_patriot 10 points 18 hours ago It’s been quite a week. permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 8 points 17 hours ago That, I'm less opposed to.  If you're going to negotiate with people, then you have to meet with them, even people you don't like.  Refusing to talk to the adversary isn't the most effective strategy.  Bring him in, show him pictures of his houses, his family at those houses, and tell him it would be a shame if Christians continued to be killed and harassed in his country.  I'd rather do that than send in troops or drones. permalink parent award report block reply
NC_patriot 10 points 18 hours ago It’s been quite a week. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 8 points 17 hours ago That, I'm less opposed to.  If you're going to negotiate with people, then you have to meet with them, even people you don't like.  Refusing to talk to the adversary isn't the most effective strategy.  Bring him in, show him pictures of his houses, his family at those houses, and tell him it would be a shame if Christians continued to be killed and harassed in his country.  I'd rather do that than send in troops or drones. permalink parent award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 20 points 18 hours ago 50 year mortgage is a horrible idea.  How about lower all costs?  Or... here's a wild idea... deport everyone and hire only Americans. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 19 points 18 hours ago Gas has dropped $1.15/.35 around me. Eggs back to pre. However beef more or less still 3x higher before Biden's Terror. This has been good. Especially gas. I didn't see the "Trump economy" until 2019, shit was booming. I know policy will lag. But this? The fucking messaging with THIS SHIT about ludicrously stupid mortgages, foreign aid unabated, "let's try regimes changes again" Venezuela redux (2018), H1-Bs hell ANY visa should be denied, 600k Chinese nationals in our colleges is good, my god Trump. Gives me little hope for another economic resurgence. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 6 points 18 hours ago The economy is so far in the toilet, gas would need to come down to $1 a gallon for things to improve. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago We might approach that by January though so energy costs dropping would be a huge win for the US economy heading into 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 6 points 18 hours ago The economy is so far in the toilet, gas would need to come down to $1 a gallon for things to improve. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago We might approach that by January though so energy costs dropping would be a huge win for the US economy heading into 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago We might approach that by January though so energy costs dropping would be a huge win for the US economy heading into 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 29 points 18 hours ago I've been downvoted here a bunch for pointing out Campaign Trump is Awesome but President Trump isn't. I get that they shot him once and he knows they'll probably shoot him again if he doesnt fall in line but shiiiit it sucks seeing it be a reality. permalink parent award report block reply Big-E 1 points 9 hours ago He is still a demokkkrat at some levels. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago He's a 1990s Bill Clinton democrat. permalink parent award report block reply
Big-E 1 points 9 hours ago He is still a demokkkrat at some levels. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago He's a 1990s Bill Clinton democrat. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago He's a 1990s Bill Clinton democrat. permalink parent award report block reply
Rakkasan91b 14 points 15 hours ago Yeah, I've been thinking the same thing.  He's been unbelievable soft on just about everything, including immigration. permalink parent award report block reply
FUCK_TYLER 7 points 15 hours ago something something something Epstein permalink parent award report block reply
lispboy 7 points 17 hours ago That trip to Asia messed with his head permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 71 points 19 hours ago And, just like that, we move one step closer to an actual civil war. America is for Americans. The rest of the world needs to go home. permalink award report block reply someguy99 6 points 10 hours ago You'll very VERY rarely find a businessman who doesn't love infinite cheap foreign labor and damn the consequences. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy99 6 points 10 hours ago You'll very VERY rarely find a businessman who doesn't love infinite cheap foreign labor and damn the consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
MrTexan 57 points 19 hours ago Not a good look. permalink award report block reply StCharlie 6 points 18 hours ago My hot take on this is he likes to be controversial at times to make Americans talk.  If trump says he wants H1B visas the left will find a way to hate H1B.  He has a point about really smart people being able to bridge the gap, but the problem is that at the rate he is deporting we won't get to the point of assessing "genius" H1Bs versus the millions that are average or below average.  Trump tends to take populist view points that very much of the time lean left, but he turns it back into a win.  He's the good cop to Tom Homan's bad cop.  Trump learned from his first time around that if he speaks his mind on what he truly wants then he gets people in the streets burning stores.  I want all illegal and H1Bs taking American jobs removed.  At this point its clear Trump is more concerned with world peace, letting his cabinet do their jobs (whether they do a good job or not), and essentially waiting to see if there are enough MAGA people voted in for 2026 to get things done.  His focus has been 100% on trade deals and tariffs.  He's pretty hands off right now on H1Bs for now.  Considering he plans to blow 2 years, H1Bs seem like they will be here to stay since all he will do is close loop holes. permalink parent award report block reply Texas_81 19 points 18 hours ago You mean 5D chess again?!! permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 14 points 18 hours ago we've have  over 8 years now to see there is no 5d, 4d, or even 3d chess he's controlled opposition to give us a 4 year respite before the next fall down the cliff, but no actual "fixing" will occur during the respite permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 14 hours ago He actually does this pretty regularly. He negotiates in public. If he can't make his point privately, sometimes, he puts out a social media blast just to create a public firestorm. After letting the talking heads go to work for a few days or a week, he goes back to the people he's negotiating with and shows them the backlash. He builds leverage this way. You have to remember the man's always negotiating. Usually, such things are done in private between teams of lawyers and staffers who work out the details. They sign these agreements without so much as a peep from We the People. We may not even know there's anything going on at all til they're announcing the signing ceremony. So, if Trump makes it public and starts negotiating in public, he's at an impasse and he's trying to demand more. He leverages our outrage. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago True think of it like A/B testing and President Trump is able to make deals this way. permalink parent award report block reply StCharlie -4 points 18 hours ago Where is the 5D chess?  You must not have read everything.  I said at the end he's going to blow 2 years waiting to see if MAGA congressmen get voted in for 2026 and only close loop holes.  H1Bs here to stay. permalink parent award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 17 points 17 hours ago You 346803948960328D chess motherfuckers just need to stop. Fucking retards. permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 7 points 15 hours ago Dude, Trump gets people on the streets for anything he does so why give a fuck what they think anymore? The only thing Trump could do that would please these people is to kill himself, and even then they would probably be pissed on how he did it. I want Trump to succeed but he has been massively failing lately. permalink parent award report block reply Nonyer 1 points 16 hours ago I agree. This is also my hope. Trump since 2016 has said and taken positions that time and again piss us off, only to see the genius at work 6 months to a year down the road. He has earned my trust 100 times over, but you always get that nagging feeling. Is this it? Has he finally given in? permalink parent award report block reply MakeWSBgreatAgain -3 points 18 hours ago He's going to walk it back along with the 50 year mortgages. Someone will tell him how stupid this shit is. That's the good thing about Trump he Tacos his way out of things. permalink parent award report block reply
StCharlie 6 points 18 hours ago My hot take on this is he likes to be controversial at times to make Americans talk.  If trump says he wants H1B visas the left will find a way to hate H1B.  He has a point about really smart people being able to bridge the gap, but the problem is that at the rate he is deporting we won't get to the point of assessing "genius" H1Bs versus the millions that are average or below average.  Trump tends to take populist view points that very much of the time lean left, but he turns it back into a win.  He's the good cop to Tom Homan's bad cop.  Trump learned from his first time around that if he speaks his mind on what he truly wants then he gets people in the streets burning stores.  I want all illegal and H1Bs taking American jobs removed.  At this point its clear Trump is more concerned with world peace, letting his cabinet do their jobs (whether they do a good job or not), and essentially waiting to see if there are enough MAGA people voted in for 2026 to get things done.  His focus has been 100% on trade deals and tariffs.  He's pretty hands off right now on H1Bs for now.  Considering he plans to blow 2 years, H1Bs seem like they will be here to stay since all he will do is close loop holes. permalink parent award report block reply Texas_81 19 points 18 hours ago You mean 5D chess again?!! permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 14 points 18 hours ago we've have  over 8 years now to see there is no 5d, 4d, or even 3d chess he's controlled opposition to give us a 4 year respite before the next fall down the cliff, but no actual "fixing" will occur during the respite permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 14 hours ago He actually does this pretty regularly. He negotiates in public. If he can't make his point privately, sometimes, he puts out a social media blast just to create a public firestorm. After letting the talking heads go to work for a few days or a week, he goes back to the people he's negotiating with and shows them the backlash. He builds leverage this way. You have to remember the man's always negotiating. Usually, such things are done in private between teams of lawyers and staffers who work out the details. They sign these agreements without so much as a peep from We the People. We may not even know there's anything going on at all til they're announcing the signing ceremony. So, if Trump makes it public and starts negotiating in public, he's at an impasse and he's trying to demand more. He leverages our outrage. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago True think of it like A/B testing and President Trump is able to make deals this way. permalink parent award report block reply StCharlie -4 points 18 hours ago Where is the 5D chess?  You must not have read everything.  I said at the end he's going to blow 2 years waiting to see if MAGA congressmen get voted in for 2026 and only close loop holes.  H1Bs here to stay. permalink parent award report block reply MondayCoupleIsDead 17 points 17 hours ago You 346803948960328D chess motherfuckers just need to stop. Fucking retards. permalink parent award report block reply Rakkasan91b 7 points 15 hours ago Dude, Trump gets people on the streets for anything he does so why give a fuck what they think anymore? The only thing Trump could do that would please these people is to kill himself, and even then they would probably be pissed on how he did it. I want Trump to succeed but he has been massively failing lately. permalink parent award report block reply Nonyer 1 points 16 hours ago I agree. This is also my hope. Trump since 2016 has said and taken positions that time and again piss us off, only to see the genius at work 6 months to a year down the road. He has earned my trust 100 times over, but you always get that nagging feeling. Is this it? Has he finally given in? permalink parent award report block reply
Texas_81 19 points 18 hours ago You mean 5D chess again?!! permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 14 points 18 hours ago we've have  over 8 years now to see there is no 5d, 4d, or even 3d chess he's controlled opposition to give us a 4 year respite before the next fall down the cliff, but no actual "fixing" will occur during the respite permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 5 points 14 hours ago He actually does this pretty regularly. He negotiates in public. If he can't make his point privately, sometimes, he puts out a social media blast just to create a public firestorm. After letting the talking heads go to work for a few days or a week, he goes back to the people he's negotiating with and shows them the backlash. He builds leverage this way. You have to remember the man's always negotiating. Usually, such things are done in private between teams of lawyers and staffers who work out the details. They sign these agreements without so much as a peep from We the People. We may not even know there's anything going on at all til they're announcing the signing ceremony. So, if Trump makes it public and starts negotiating in public, he's at an impasse and he's trying to demand more. He leverages our outrage. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago True think of it like A/B testing and President Trump is able to make deals this way. permalink parent award report block reply StCharlie -4 points 18 hours ago Where is the 5D chess?  You must not have read everything.  I said at the end he's going to blow 2 years waiting to see if MAGA congressmen get voted in for 2026 and only close loop holes.  H1Bs here to stay. permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 14 points 18 hours ago we've have  over 8 years now to see there is no 5d, 4d, or even 3d chess he's controlled opposition to give us a 4 year respite before the next fall down the cliff, but no actual "fixing" will occur during the respite permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 5 points 14 hours ago He actually does this pretty regularly. He negotiates in public. If he can't make his point privately, sometimes, he puts out a social media blast just to create a public firestorm. After letting the talking heads go to work for a few days or a week, he goes back to the people he's negotiating with and shows them the backlash. He builds leverage this way. You have to remember the man's always negotiating. Usually, such things are done in private between teams of lawyers and staffers who work out the details. They sign these agreements without so much as a peep from We the People. We may not even know there's anything going on at all til they're announcing the signing ceremony. So, if Trump makes it public and starts negotiating in public, he's at an impasse and he's trying to demand more. He leverages our outrage. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago True think of it like A/B testing and President Trump is able to make deals this way. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago True think of it like A/B testing and President Trump is able to make deals this way. permalink parent award report block reply
StCharlie -4 points 18 hours ago Where is the 5D chess?  You must not have read everything.  I said at the end he's going to blow 2 years waiting to see if MAGA congressmen get voted in for 2026 and only close loop holes.  H1Bs here to stay. permalink parent award report block reply
MondayCoupleIsDead 17 points 17 hours ago You 346803948960328D chess motherfuckers just need to stop. Fucking retards. permalink parent award report block reply
Rakkasan91b 7 points 15 hours ago Dude, Trump gets people on the streets for anything he does so why give a fuck what they think anymore? The only thing Trump could do that would please these people is to kill himself, and even then they would probably be pissed on how he did it. I want Trump to succeed but he has been massively failing lately. permalink parent award report block reply
Nonyer 1 points 16 hours ago I agree. This is also my hope. Trump since 2016 has said and taken positions that time and again piss us off, only to see the genius at work 6 months to a year down the road. He has earned my trust 100 times over, but you always get that nagging feeling. Is this it? Has he finally given in? permalink parent award report block reply
MakeWSBgreatAgain -3 points 18 hours ago He's going to walk it back along with the 50 year mortgages. Someone will tell him how stupid this shit is. That's the good thing about Trump he Tacos his way out of things. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 47 points 18 hours ago Between him saying we NEED 600,000 Chinese students at universities and this bullshit I'm about to throw him off his own fucking train permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 21 points 18 hours ago We are MAGA. We are America First. Not one man. Man up and help me shovel coals into the furnace. We have this train. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 9 points 18 hours ago have always said it was never, ever about Trump.  Really this all started in the tea party days in the 2000's.  Trump was just the first person to verbalize what we all thought. permalink parent award report block reply peterstrzoked 5 points 14 hours ago The problem with the tea party movement is that it was quickly subverted by RINOs. Go back to 2010-2012 and look at the big tea party “heroes” - they are all openly swamp now. MAGA/AF is different in that we’ve taken so much abuse from RINOs that we’ve somewhat come to recognize it, so it’s harder for them to subvert. But until we can convince the low-info/Faux News watching boomers (no offense to the based boomers) to stop trying to kick Lucy’s football, we will still be a minority in our own side. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 18 hours ago Wouldn't those 600,000 Chinese qualify for a green card or whatever he was saying he wanted for foreign students who graduate here? permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago bingo.
that was the deal with china. You give us rare earth metals (for industry and military applications) and we will allow 600,000 spies (uh, I mean "students") into the US each year with a shot at permanent residency after graduation. Thus we will be filling the country with "legal" chinese 10x faster than we are exporting the latino illegals. All this talk about "deport deport deport" is senseless if we are simply filling the country with other non-assimilating cultures. And nothing is being done about the Indian H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 21 points 18 hours ago We are MAGA. We are America First. Not one man. Man up and help me shovel coals into the furnace. We have this train. permalink parent award report block reply FartOnLibtards 9 points 18 hours ago have always said it was never, ever about Trump.  Really this all started in the tea party days in the 2000's.  Trump was just the first person to verbalize what we all thought. permalink parent award report block reply peterstrzoked 5 points 14 hours ago The problem with the tea party movement is that it was quickly subverted by RINOs. Go back to 2010-2012 and look at the big tea party “heroes” - they are all openly swamp now. MAGA/AF is different in that we’ve taken so much abuse from RINOs that we’ve somewhat come to recognize it, so it’s harder for them to subvert. But until we can convince the low-info/Faux News watching boomers (no offense to the based boomers) to stop trying to kick Lucy’s football, we will still be a minority in our own side. permalink parent award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 9 points 18 hours ago have always said it was never, ever about Trump.  Really this all started in the tea party days in the 2000's.  Trump was just the first person to verbalize what we all thought. permalink parent award report block reply peterstrzoked 5 points 14 hours ago The problem with the tea party movement is that it was quickly subverted by RINOs. Go back to 2010-2012 and look at the big tea party “heroes” - they are all openly swamp now. MAGA/AF is different in that we’ve taken so much abuse from RINOs that we’ve somewhat come to recognize it, so it’s harder for them to subvert. But until we can convince the low-info/Faux News watching boomers (no offense to the based boomers) to stop trying to kick Lucy’s football, we will still be a minority in our own side. permalink parent award report block reply
peterstrzoked 5 points 14 hours ago The problem with the tea party movement is that it was quickly subverted by RINOs. Go back to 2010-2012 and look at the big tea party “heroes” - they are all openly swamp now. MAGA/AF is different in that we’ve taken so much abuse from RINOs that we’ve somewhat come to recognize it, so it’s harder for them to subvert. But until we can convince the low-info/Faux News watching boomers (no offense to the based boomers) to stop trying to kick Lucy’s football, we will still be a minority in our own side. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 4 points 18 hours ago Wouldn't those 600,000 Chinese qualify for a green card or whatever he was saying he wanted for foreign students who graduate here? permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago bingo.
that was the deal with china. You give us rare earth metals (for industry and military applications) and we will allow 600,000 spies (uh, I mean "students") into the US each year with a shot at permanent residency after graduation. Thus we will be filling the country with "legal" chinese 10x faster than we are exporting the latino illegals. All this talk about "deport deport deport" is senseless if we are simply filling the country with other non-assimilating cultures. And nothing is being done about the Indian H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago bingo.
that was the deal with china. You give us rare earth metals (for industry and military applications) and we will allow 600,000 spies (uh, I mean "students") into the US each year with a shot at permanent residency after graduation. Thus we will be filling the country with "legal" chinese 10x faster than we are exporting the latino illegals. All this talk about "deport deport deport" is senseless if we are simply filling the country with other non-assimilating cultures. And nothing is being done about the Indian H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
NadlersNads 34 points 19 hours ago "I am jack's total loss of patriotism" permalink award report block reply
BadBrainsBuzzcocks 32 points 19 hours ago This interview was a trainwreck. permalink award report block reply SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 29 points 18 hours ago Midterms are lost. Do we have any MAGA representatives. Even the leader of MAGA is not MAGA.. Zion Don is taking off the mask. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 28 points 18 hours ago What the fuck is on those tapes that he became this person? permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 17 points 17 hours ago Ever since the whole epstein debacle he's not been Trump/America First permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Epstien. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 17 points 17 hours ago Ever since the whole epstein debacle he's not been Trump/America First permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Epstien. permalink parent award report block reply
utfanx2 26 points 18 hours ago How are we supposed to gain talent when the government facilitates outsourcing every single position for pennies on the dollar? permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago Turns out he was never about Americans, but the American economic zone controlled by the merchants. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago Turns out he was never about Americans, but the American economic zone controlled by the merchants. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 22 points 18 hours ago Who is this guy? permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 20 points 18 hours ago Fully Jew controlled Trump permalink parent award report block reply
For_All_Mankind 20 points 18 hours ago Fully Jew controlled Trump permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 19 points 14 hours ago Trump's pissing me off this term. 3 times I voted for this man. He's still riding Israel-first. They get money and bombs for free for their war of conquest. They invaded Lebanon, Syria. They have attacked Yemen and Iran. And we're being asked to pay for it and protect them from international consequences at the UN. This is not America First. He's still sending Zelensky money, intelligence, and weapons. We don't owe Ukraine anything but contempt at this point for lying to us and stealing what we gave them. You don't stop a war by giving the combatants weapons. This is not America First. There are no Epstein files. The Jewish government paid this piece of filth to sexual abuse and traffic little girls to perverts and creeps in our government in order to film it and blackmail them. What kind of sick f..k comes up with a scheme like that? And instead of putting this man in a woodchipper feet first for the world to see justice for those little girls, Trump's covering it up and lying to the world about Israel doing it. This is not America First. And he's still continuing the H1B population replacement. It's affecting me personally. I have an advanced degree. I have advanced training. I can absolutely do jobs that local employers refuse to hire me for and are filling with DEI or H1B hires. I can't get past the racist HR Karens because they want to hire a cheap, brown underclass. This is not America First. permalink award report block reply Jack_NC 4 points 9 hours ago A perfect summary, sorry to say. permalink parent award report block reply Survey_girl 1 points 7 hours ago and then gaslighting us about a great economy while 10s of thousands of american jobs are being cut and a pound of ground beef is $8 on sale (that is literally what I paid on friday).... don't forget the 50 year mortgages! permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 4 points 9 hours ago A perfect summary, sorry to say. permalink parent award report block reply
Survey_girl 1 points 7 hours ago and then gaslighting us about a great economy while 10s of thousands of american jobs are being cut and a pound of ground beef is $8 on sale (that is literally what I paid on friday).... don't forget the 50 year mortgages! permalink parent award report block reply
FromTheTopRope 19 points 19 hours ago Accepting less wages and job protections is a talent. permalink award report block reply
Texas_81 17 points 18 hours ago He’s been compromised by special interest fuck it there I said it. permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 17 points 18 hours ago Compromised by Jews permalink parent award report block reply Texas_81 10 points 17 hours ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
For_All_Mankind 17 points 18 hours ago Compromised by Jews permalink parent award report block reply Texas_81 10 points 17 hours ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
Texas_81 10 points 17 hours ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 16 points 18 hours ago Can someone that has his ear please PUNCH HIM IN IT permalink award report block reply
For_All_Mankind 16 points 18 hours ago If there’s one thing second term Trump has taught me it’s that the uniparty is real and politics will always be fake and gay permalink award report block reply
ThunderGatti 15 points 16 hours ago After building the country that all this 3rd world trash floods into, suddenly we really need them permalink award report block reply
8bit_mixtape 15 points 17 hours ago That's not a very America First take. What the fuck is going on... permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 1 points 7 hours ago I'm guessing, he was shot once already, and there are probably threats on his grandkids lives permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 7 hours ago I think president business came out and said...foreign investment requires foreign experts to train.  He forgot that Americans invented lithium batteries and then exported the manufacturing expertise.   There is a middle.  Some foreign expertise is good.  Flooding technical jobs with quantity is bad for America,  since who would encourage your kid to learn manufacturing engineering if the jobs all go back to Asia. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Judendrumpf. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 1 points 7 hours ago I'm guessing, he was shot once already, and there are probably threats on his grandkids lives permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 1 points 7 hours ago I think president business came out and said...foreign investment requires foreign experts to train.  He forgot that Americans invented lithium batteries and then exported the manufacturing expertise.   There is a middle.  Some foreign expertise is good.  Flooding technical jobs with quantity is bad for America,  since who would encourage your kid to learn manufacturing engineering if the jobs all go back to Asia. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Judendrumpf. permalink parent award report block reply
Plutossextape1 13 points 17 hours ago I guess we're fucked and war is inevitable. permalink award report block reply
Covfefebrulee 12 points 19 hours ago no ‘you’ don’t? Or we? permalink award report block reply
FartOnLibtards 11 points 18 hours ago Everything is always about slave labor.  The truth is companies don't want to pay a fair wage. permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 8 points 11 hours ago He's turned full traitor. Don't expect any support when you get impeached and imprisoned again. Backstabbing bitch. permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 8 points 18 hours ago His stances on Israel and H1-Bs have always been his 2 major weaknesses.  Number 3 is picking feckless AGs.  Number 4 is failure to reign in spending.  Oh well, he’s done plenty for his time, and we can see where the next guy can improve. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 9 points 18 hours ago If there is a next guy. Might just get another auto-pen installed at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 5 points 11 hours ago At the rate things are going, the next guy will very likely be AOC. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago There 100% will be a president AoC. The country is going to be non-White majority in 10 years. This was our last chance before violence. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago What did he do? permalink parent award report block reply
BlockWorks 9 points 18 hours ago If there is a next guy. Might just get another auto-pen installed at this rate. permalink parent award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 5 points 11 hours ago At the rate things are going, the next guy will very likely be AOC. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago There 100% will be a president AoC. The country is going to be non-White majority in 10 years. This was our last chance before violence. permalink parent award report block reply
Brock_Shithouse 5 points 11 hours ago At the rate things are going, the next guy will very likely be AOC. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago There 100% will be a president AoC. The country is going to be non-White majority in 10 years. This was our last chance before violence. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago There 100% will be a president AoC. The country is going to be non-White majority in 10 years. This was our last chance before violence. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago What did he do? permalink parent award report block reply
Megaboom2025 8 points 14 hours ago At least he’s making Israel great again permalink award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 7 points 12 hours ago So in other words, all these 'investments' are actually to bring in more foreigners into the country? permalink award report block reply
Protectthefirst 6 points 9 hours ago So we’re cancelling Trump now right? We turned our backs on Vivek for saying the exact same thing. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 2 points 8 hours ago Half the base will do mental gymnastics to justify this. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago I am. Fuck him. You do you. He's not the one. permalink parent award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 2 points 8 hours ago Half the base will do mental gymnastics to justify this. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago I am. Fuck him. You do you. He's not the one. permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 6 points 18 hours ago Someone's in his ear permalink award report block reply Nezmith 8 points 17 hours ago Rumor is they like shekels permalink parent award report block reply
Nezmith 8 points 17 hours ago Rumor is they like shekels permalink parent award report block reply
BalorGafdan 6 points 10 hours ago Hard disagree with him on H1B's as an IT Professional. permalink award report block reply
champdog 4 points 9 hours ago I voted for a different Trump. permalink award report block reply
BusterHyman99 2 points 16 hours ago He's right. Look at what the colleges are producing a bunch of retarded fuckers who don't even know how to write a check or balance a budget. Government workers were crying starvation after missing a couple paychecks when they make 6 figures permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 2 points 18 hours ago Welp... permalink award report block reply
lizardo221 2 points 10 hours ago "Americans are too stupid to make batteries?" Did nearly half of them vote for Kamala? I'd say there are a lot of really dumb people in this country right now. permalink award report block reply
Twixter8888 1 points 6 hours ago That maybe true in some sense, but WTBF, you only get 1 truly talented for every 10000. Skip the 9999. permalink award report block reply
ILoveSilk 1 points 9 hours ago "They;raided", not " We raided". Really??? permalink award report block reply
Skyes 1 points 8 hours ago He was our last chance to save this country. Sad. Scary. The Bible tells me what’s coming. permalink award report block reply
kamalas_knees 1 points 7 hours ago Getting real tired of this orange jew. permalink award report block reply
Justjayce 1 points 6 hours ago I'll take an American over a lying street shitter with a fake degree anyday permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Ultimate betrayal. I'm done. permalink award report block reply
Keep_on_winning_kag 1 points 5 hours ago I'm not unemployed but I'd work in a car battery factory if of course it was oosha compliant. So is he saying all the illegals working there didn't get deported? I think not. permalink award report block reply
UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 12 hours ago I Proudly state that New Zealander, Earnest Rutherford  split the atom. permalink award report block reply
Purebloodsupreme -1 points 18 hours ago He wants congress to act and the GOP needs to make them do their jobs. You're all doing the intended response. Act like your fucking country has been stolen already. permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -6 points 14 hours ago Then maybe stormfags and faggot millennials should learn to work their way up instead of bitching about their problems and projecting their insecurities onto us. Go to college and get educated, don't get those woke underwater basket weaving degrees. Go pursue STEM degrees and get yourself an engineering internship. Not that fucking hard. But instead faggy millennials and zoomers never grew up. They would rather bitch about their problems due to their laziness and blame Trump for their problems. They prefer to watch their gay cartoons from China and masturbate to video games all day long. Maybe if millennials and zoomers weren't so gay they would understand why they're being replaced and why legal immigrants like H-1B's are more MAGA then they are. They deserve to be where they are due to their apathy. permalink award report block reply ShitAss 3 points 11 hours ago Retarded take https://www.thecollegefix.com/computer-engineering-grads-face-double-the-unemployment-rate-of-art-history-majors/ permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Jews hate White people. permalink parent award report block reply 24NoMoreBullshit OP 1 points 6 hours ago Your ignorance of the reality of the current working world is showing. permalink parent award report block reply
ShitAss 3 points 11 hours ago Retarded take https://www.thecollegefix.com/computer-engineering-grads-face-double-the-unemployment-rate-of-art-history-majors/ permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 8 hours ago Jews hate White people. permalink parent award report block reply
24NoMoreBullshit OP 1 points 6 hours ago Your ignorance of the reality of the current working world is showing. permalink parent award report block reply
cussword -38 points 19 hours ago To all those getting butthurt here on this sub: do you know how to make a battery? Do you have experience making a battery? If you expect the company to teach you, why the fuck would they hire you? We are in need of doctors too—are you going to do on the job training for that? permalink award report block reply whatsupup 39 points 19 hours ago So its okay for the company to train foreign workers then bring them here, rather than train Americans here? Those foreign workers weren't born knowing how to make batteries, they were trained by the company. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 11 points 18 hours ago Do the reverse of what they did to us, make the foreigners train their American replacements. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 34 points 19 hours ago 5 years of repairing, installing, and recycling batteries for large and small power systems. Chemistry degree, so I understand the processes involved . It's not hard and most of it can be taught in a few weeks. Do you think the CCP is hiring college grads to work their production lines? The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 4 points 17 hours ago The basic concept of making a battery isn't super complicated, just like the basic concepts in terms of making a motor isn't that complicated... the tricky part is to be able to make these things consistently to specs, unless it's purpose built. The way things are structured, it would still be cheaper, if there truly was a lack of skilled people to create "retraining" programs for locals to get the skills... I mean, if there's a glut of one skillset, but a similar but different skillset is lacking, there's usually enough crossover to quickly train people to make the switch where finding a job will be easy. Last time I looked for work, I remember fairly commonly would be things like 10 years experience in x, 5 years experience in y, and 5 years experience in z, where x, y, and z are an extremely uncommon combination of skills that either represents a job posting specifically made to eliminate candidates arbitrarily, or potentially because Mark retired after 30 years in the role and that was his skillset. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 5 points 16 hours ago Institutional inertia, they're not able to change because "that's how we've always done it". I've seen the ridiculous requirements for hiring, I'm sure it's how they justify H1B hires or leaving a job open until one of their nepobabies applies. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago Those job descriptions are written that way precisely as a filter to eliminate American candidates. That is required for hiring the H1B -- no suitable candidates. I remember seeing a video from a consultancy firm coaching HR departments on how to write these "screening" requirements. It's deliberate. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 18 hours ago "The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists." Yeah, I guess kinda, except were being bled dry in the first part so we can't afford, and the second part is... idiots rule lol. Screwed no matter. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 24 points 19 hours ago Do you really think we would be happy about all his deals and investments bringing back jobs here only to find out... ooops, those jobs aren't for you natives, they're for H1-b visa holders. But don't worry, we'll get a pittance of tax revenue from them because we also gave them breaks and incentives. We have a ton of smart kids here, and ince again, nothing for them.Get fucked. This is fucking wrong and anyone that defends it is a kool-aid drinking cultist. This movement is full of free critical thinkers m, not ass kissing apologists. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 16 points 18 hours ago I know how to make a battery more than 99% of those in the plants do. What types, how they function (I'm talking down to the physics level) and proper use and care. None of that required a diploma or even training, it was a necessary knowledge peripheral to my work in the trades. A side bitch. Doctors, btw, are always "on the job training". Funny how most are them just drones (Plannedemic). I respect surgeons for having true talent. And sorry you ignorant fuck, if you saw the level of "talent" in existing battery plants (much less manufacturing plants as a whole) then yes plucking someone straight out of the unemployment line in the U.S would be a net increase. I've seen thousands of people grinded up into spaghetti around the world doing shit, some shit sooooo unbelievably stupid, having nothing to do with 'poor regulations'. Only which a population IQ average barely above room temperature can accomplish. Literally no sober non retard in the U.S. is going to dig their hands into an active woodchipper or, my favorite, stepping into a rock crusher to loosen a boulder, with 7 other idiots around helping, and no one turn it the fuck off first- that was one slow brutal death, I'd love to share, give you perspective. And so, just because you accept you are a moron, doesn't mean the American public are. permalink parent award report block reply shogun5000 9 points 19 hours ago You're a fucking idiot. Fucking neocon shill. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
whatsupup 39 points 19 hours ago So its okay for the company to train foreign workers then bring them here, rather than train Americans here? Those foreign workers weren't born knowing how to make batteries, they were trained by the company. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 11 points 18 hours ago Do the reverse of what they did to us, make the foreigners train their American replacements. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 11 points 18 hours ago Do the reverse of what they did to us, make the foreigners train their American replacements. permalink parent award report block reply
Hantif 34 points 19 hours ago 5 years of repairing, installing, and recycling batteries for large and small power systems. Chemistry degree, so I understand the processes involved . It's not hard and most of it can be taught in a few weeks. Do you think the CCP is hiring college grads to work their production lines? The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists. permalink parent award report block reply user2827 4 points 17 hours ago The basic concept of making a battery isn't super complicated, just like the basic concepts in terms of making a motor isn't that complicated... the tricky part is to be able to make these things consistently to specs, unless it's purpose built. The way things are structured, it would still be cheaper, if there truly was a lack of skilled people to create "retraining" programs for locals to get the skills... I mean, if there's a glut of one skillset, but a similar but different skillset is lacking, there's usually enough crossover to quickly train people to make the switch where finding a job will be easy. Last time I looked for work, I remember fairly commonly would be things like 10 years experience in x, 5 years experience in y, and 5 years experience in z, where x, y, and z are an extremely uncommon combination of skills that either represents a job posting specifically made to eliminate candidates arbitrarily, or potentially because Mark retired after 30 years in the role and that was his skillset. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 5 points 16 hours ago Institutional inertia, they're not able to change because "that's how we've always done it". I've seen the ridiculous requirements for hiring, I'm sure it's how they justify H1B hires or leaving a job open until one of their nepobabies applies. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago Those job descriptions are written that way precisely as a filter to eliminate American candidates. That is required for hiring the H1B -- no suitable candidates. I remember seeing a video from a consultancy firm coaching HR departments on how to write these "screening" requirements. It's deliberate. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 2 points 18 hours ago "The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists." Yeah, I guess kinda, except were being bled dry in the first part so we can't afford, and the second part is... idiots rule lol. Screwed no matter. permalink parent award report block reply
user2827 4 points 17 hours ago The basic concept of making a battery isn't super complicated, just like the basic concepts in terms of making a motor isn't that complicated... the tricky part is to be able to make these things consistently to specs, unless it's purpose built. The way things are structured, it would still be cheaper, if there truly was a lack of skilled people to create "retraining" programs for locals to get the skills... I mean, if there's a glut of one skillset, but a similar but different skillset is lacking, there's usually enough crossover to quickly train people to make the switch where finding a job will be easy. Last time I looked for work, I remember fairly commonly would be things like 10 years experience in x, 5 years experience in y, and 5 years experience in z, where x, y, and z are an extremely uncommon combination of skills that either represents a job posting specifically made to eliminate candidates arbitrarily, or potentially because Mark retired after 30 years in the role and that was his skillset. permalink parent award report block reply Hantif 5 points 16 hours ago Institutional inertia, they're not able to change because "that's how we've always done it". I've seen the ridiculous requirements for hiring, I'm sure it's how they justify H1B hires or leaving a job open until one of their nepobabies applies. permalink parent award report block reply Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago Those job descriptions are written that way precisely as a filter to eliminate American candidates. That is required for hiring the H1B -- no suitable candidates. I remember seeing a video from a consultancy firm coaching HR departments on how to write these "screening" requirements. It's deliberate. permalink parent award report block reply
Hantif 5 points 16 hours ago Institutional inertia, they're not able to change because "that's how we've always done it". I've seen the ridiculous requirements for hiring, I'm sure it's how they justify H1B hires or leaving a job open until one of their nepobabies applies. permalink parent award report block reply
Jack_NC 2 points 9 hours ago Those job descriptions are written that way precisely as a filter to eliminate American candidates. That is required for hiring the H1B -- no suitable candidates. I remember seeing a video from a consultancy firm coaching HR departments on how to write these "screening" requirements. It's deliberate. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 2 points 18 hours ago "The US has the talent but lacks the will to pay for it. We also lack the infrastructure to produce the basic materials, due to government regulations and NIMBY environmentalists." Yeah, I guess kinda, except were being bled dry in the first part so we can't afford, and the second part is... idiots rule lol. Screwed no matter. permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 24 points 19 hours ago Do you really think we would be happy about all his deals and investments bringing back jobs here only to find out... ooops, those jobs aren't for you natives, they're for H1-b visa holders. But don't worry, we'll get a pittance of tax revenue from them because we also gave them breaks and incentives. We have a ton of smart kids here, and ince again, nothing for them.Get fucked. This is fucking wrong and anyone that defends it is a kool-aid drinking cultist. This movement is full of free critical thinkers m, not ass kissing apologists. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 16 points 18 hours ago I know how to make a battery more than 99% of those in the plants do. What types, how they function (I'm talking down to the physics level) and proper use and care. None of that required a diploma or even training, it was a necessary knowledge peripheral to my work in the trades. A side bitch. Doctors, btw, are always "on the job training". Funny how most are them just drones (Plannedemic). I respect surgeons for having true talent. And sorry you ignorant fuck, if you saw the level of "talent" in existing battery plants (much less manufacturing plants as a whole) then yes plucking someone straight out of the unemployment line in the U.S would be a net increase. I've seen thousands of people grinded up into spaghetti around the world doing shit, some shit sooooo unbelievably stupid, having nothing to do with 'poor regulations'. Only which a population IQ average barely above room temperature can accomplish. Literally no sober non retard in the U.S. is going to dig their hands into an active woodchipper or, my favorite, stepping into a rock crusher to loosen a boulder, with 7 other idiots around helping, and no one turn it the fuck off first- that was one slow brutal death, I'd love to share, give you perspective. And so, just because you accept you are a moron, doesn't mean the American public are. permalink parent award report block reply
shogun5000 9 points 19 hours ago You're a fucking idiot. Fucking neocon shill. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
SCHULTZ 0 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply