369 The End Game of Obamacare is Here posted 4 days ago by Viewer01 33 comments award share report block Karoline Leavitt @PressSec • 4d
33 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style TrumpLandslide20201 12 points 4 days ago Scrap the entire thing and let the open market dictate the prices for healthcare. Right now if you pay out of pocket the price is a fraction of what they bill insurance companies so for most normal people not having a monthly insurance bill they can just set a fraction of that premium price aside and pay as needed after shopping around for best price. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 5 points 4 days ago Until you have a heart attack, stroke, car accident, fall off a ladder, or have any other crisis that puts you in the hospital...at that point, you're at the mercy of whatever the hospital and doctors (who are mostly independent contractors who have "privileges" to work there) decide to charge you.  I mean, if you're illegal, or indigent and can't pay, you ride free.  Anyone with savings, a house, retirement, or other assets, will be paying whatever the hospital, docs, ambulance corps, etc., feel like charging.  And you couldn't shop ahead by getting quotes for it, because it was an emergency. Kind of like going to a convenience store for some aspirin, vs. calling around and getting the aspirin at a reasonable price from a pharmacy or grocery store. You'll pay $ 4 for two tablets, because you needed them right now, vs. $ 1.49 for 100 tablets after you spent some time calling around, checking prices. And if you need something serious, a heart valve replacement, cancer surgery, etc., that's going to cost you what your house cost, maybe more, even if you're getting a "cash discount." permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 4 days ago Or if you accidently get the wife pregnant... holy shit that bill before insurance was INSANE. Met our 2800 out of pocket before the delivery so we paid nothing for it. OB and hospital bill combined was 12k. We didnt even use the pharmacy! Brought our own vit K drops. That would have been another 1k permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 4 days ago $ 12K sounds CHEAP for a day in the hospital, frankly.  I assume that was an uneventful, natural delivery.  Imagine how much more a C-section would have cost y'all.  That's an actual surgery. Yes, you could have had a midwife and a home delivery for a fraction of that cost, but if something went wrong, you wouldn't have had access to everything the hospital has to treat her at hand. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 2 points 4 days ago Yup natural birth but a long ass four hours. We heavily debated on a home birth with a midwife but didnt for the exact reason you just stated. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 4 days ago You understand that private insurance is a thing?  You might also want to look into the history of why people in the US typically get their insurance from their employer.  As usual, it was government fuckery.  And the reason the insurance companies are such assholes is that they don't view you as a customer.  They work for your employer, not you. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago Right now if you pay out of pocket the price is a fraction of what they bill insurance companies I wish more people knew this. ALWAYS NEGOTIATE.
I had an absurd bill and no insurance a few years ago, I would have had to walk away from the bill if the hospital wasn't willing to work with me. I ended up paying about 20% of what they would've billed an insurance company. It's all a racket. permalink parent award report block reply PoleWatcher 1 points 4 days ago My choices ar work are all shifty and always have been. I am sure the executives are much better permalink parent award report block reply spez_this 4 points 4 days ago All health insurance premiums and medical expenses should be fully deductible against your taxable gross income. permalink award report block reply Ironh19 4 points 4 days ago What happened to the Obamacare replacement plan from his first term, I’m not hearing any new plans but Obamacare needs to be destroyed. And let me shop different policies with competing companies. permalink award report block reply TS-SCI_thong 3 points 4 days ago It's a corporate subsidie permalink award report block reply AFferalAF 3 points 4 days ago What's the angle on this? What's he expecting from the insurance companies? Because no one intends on giving it back to the taxpayers. permalink award report block reply Viewer01 OP 3 points 4 days ago He’s saying pay the drs directly. Which is single payer. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 4 days ago I’m not reading single payer. He means direct subsidies to people who would then buy private plans based on their needs. Which, is also a terrible idea. Give people $2000 for health insurance, every plan gets increased $2000. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago No he was saying to pay drs directly. So it’s some weird subsidy single payer where you get cash and pass it through. permalink parent award report block reply ShotgunParade69x 2 points 4 days ago Everyone should be onboard with this permalink award report block reply BrewSwillis 2 points 4 days ago If he's going to talk about ending Obamacare, again, they better have something better to replace it with, or they are going to get slaughtered in the mid-terms, again. This would be low hanging fruit for the dems and media to obsess about. permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Healthcare is Republican kryptonite, and they always reach for it when they don't want to govern anymore. Ending Obamacare without some viable alternative ready to hit the ground running, is political suicide in a rapidly aging, sicker country. The entire system must be reformed, but neither party are interested in doing so, because there are so many hands in the healthcare moneyball pot, from private equity, Big Pharma, Insurance companies, law firms, banks, pharmacy middle men, loads of IT companies, REITS, and other nearly endless middle men. permalink parent award report block reply HeatherSwanson 2 points 4 days ago Hobos and naggers ain’t gonna like this when these losers pay no taxes permalink award report block reply Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago This is literally a roundabout way to a single payer. permalink award report block reply MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago If you can't get insurance through your employer what are the other options? I've been 1099 before and had Cobra which was essentially the same shit as ACA which I have now. Cobra was even more expensive than ACA, and I am charged according to my salary on ACA. It's comparable to most people's premiums through their employers, I don't understand why I am supposed to be the bad guy here when there is literally no other option. The whole industry is complicated as hell and one giant scam. It takes 3-6 months to get in to see any sort of doctor without having to go to the ER. Minute clinics are nice for little things, but they'll just refer you to the ER if it's serious. Doctors are largely full of shit and most of the good ones are retired or dead. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 5 points 4 days ago Why do you need insurance for mundane things? Do you have insurance to put gas in your car, or for when there is a crash? Ordinary health care should not require insurance. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 1 points 4 days ago Following your analogy. My medication is $450/mo before insurance, $9/mo after. There are no generics. Make it make sense. For most people, it's for a crash obviously. A crash that would potentially bankrupt your average American that is living paycheck to paycheck. I've been to the ER 3x this year after the Minute Clinic refused and referred me, the only other option was waiting 5 months/waitlist to get into a doctors appointment. Each visit was pushing $20-25k, my insurance capped it at $900. The couple of times I've had to go a couple miles in an ambulance it was $5k a pop and insurance barely helped. I had a worse plan in years past and learned my lesson not to cheap out after a few $10k deductibles. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 1 points 4 days ago excepting catastrophic problems (using the car analogy, a crash)... routine things (car analogy: gas) have inflated prices in part because of insurance and government. part of the reason for that is administrative overhead, part because if you plunk down a pot of gold the price of everything just went up. government payers (medicaid/care) want to not waste taxpayer money, so they require hospitals to apply for a "certificate of need" for certain devices, for example an MRI machine. the stated reason was to prevent unnecessary use of an MRI just to get more money from the government payer (a bottomless pot of gold). a negative consequence is that the certificate is denied and therefor multiple hospitals must share the MRI. At a hospital I worked at the MRI was on a truck that came a few times each month. that truck served multiple hospitals in the area. Obviously patient care suffers. But if I'm an MRI manufacturer my sales opportunities are limited, indirectly, by govt. The machine is expensive to develop, manufacture, test, certify, etc and if only a few can be sold each unit will carry a higher portion of the development costs. If many can be sold each unit carries a smaller portion of development costs. The negative consequence of the certificate of need is scarcity and higher costs. Government interference in the market drives up prices. Since indemnity has given way to "managed care" (HMO/PPO etc - they are essentially cartels) prices to patients have increased, administrative overhead as mushroomed, and insurance companies have increased profits. Insurance should be for catastrophes. Routine care should be free market. It needs to be de-insurance-ized and de-cartel-ized. And ACA is an abomination, John Roberts is a liar. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 2 points 4 days ago I AM READY permalink award report block reply hoopinfloyd 2 points 4 days ago more gibs permalink award report block reply mikejones 2 points 4 days ago At the rate we're going we'll have 1 billion people in America soon. End it all and only the smart survive. permalink award report block reply BrewSwillis 2 points 4 days ago My primary care doctor started out as an old, American, guy. When he retired, the practice was taken over by a young Arabic woman. She just told me, at my last Dr visit (while wearing a Palestinian flag pin), that she thinks everybody should have the same insurance, that should cover everything. I think it's time to look for a new PCP. permalink award report block reply Mungo 1 points 4 days ago 🤞🏻 permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 1 points 4 days ago Ok but who are they supposed to purchase it from? permalink award report block reply Ryunnsun 1 points 4 days ago I think that - even if they eliminate the ACA tomorrow - it's not going to equal cheaper prices, insurance companies will keep charging the same, and congress will just find another globohomo non-profit for that tax money. The ACA made insurance companies' recommendations more important that your doctor's, and I don't think that's going to change any time soon. For example - I got a letter in the mail last month from my insurance company CC'd to my endocrinologist that my type-1 diabetic medication was being substituted by some no-name offbrand shit. permalink award report block reply onesummerdream 1 points 3 days ago The Rs have been campaigning on ending Obobocare in every election since 2012. What are the odds? permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 4 days ago Just end it and replace it with nothing.  This would actually be a useful step towards draining the swamp. permalink award report block reply
TrumpLandslide20201 12 points 4 days ago Scrap the entire thing and let the open market dictate the prices for healthcare. Right now if you pay out of pocket the price is a fraction of what they bill insurance companies so for most normal people not having a monthly insurance bill they can just set a fraction of that premium price aside and pay as needed after shopping around for best price. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 5 points 4 days ago Until you have a heart attack, stroke, car accident, fall off a ladder, or have any other crisis that puts you in the hospital...at that point, you're at the mercy of whatever the hospital and doctors (who are mostly independent contractors who have "privileges" to work there) decide to charge you.  I mean, if you're illegal, or indigent and can't pay, you ride free.  Anyone with savings, a house, retirement, or other assets, will be paying whatever the hospital, docs, ambulance corps, etc., feel like charging.  And you couldn't shop ahead by getting quotes for it, because it was an emergency. Kind of like going to a convenience store for some aspirin, vs. calling around and getting the aspirin at a reasonable price from a pharmacy or grocery store. You'll pay $ 4 for two tablets, because you needed them right now, vs. $ 1.49 for 100 tablets after you spent some time calling around, checking prices. And if you need something serious, a heart valve replacement, cancer surgery, etc., that's going to cost you what your house cost, maybe more, even if you're getting a "cash discount." permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 4 days ago Or if you accidently get the wife pregnant... holy shit that bill before insurance was INSANE. Met our 2800 out of pocket before the delivery so we paid nothing for it. OB and hospital bill combined was 12k. We didnt even use the pharmacy! Brought our own vit K drops. That would have been another 1k permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 4 days ago $ 12K sounds CHEAP for a day in the hospital, frankly.  I assume that was an uneventful, natural delivery.  Imagine how much more a C-section would have cost y'all.  That's an actual surgery. Yes, you could have had a midwife and a home delivery for a fraction of that cost, but if something went wrong, you wouldn't have had access to everything the hospital has to treat her at hand. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 2 points 4 days ago Yup natural birth but a long ass four hours. We heavily debated on a home birth with a midwife but didnt for the exact reason you just stated. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 4 days ago You understand that private insurance is a thing?  You might also want to look into the history of why people in the US typically get their insurance from their employer.  As usual, it was government fuckery.  And the reason the insurance companies are such assholes is that they don't view you as a customer.  They work for your employer, not you. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago Right now if you pay out of pocket the price is a fraction of what they bill insurance companies I wish more people knew this. ALWAYS NEGOTIATE.
I had an absurd bill and no insurance a few years ago, I would have had to walk away from the bill if the hospital wasn't willing to work with me. I ended up paying about 20% of what they would've billed an insurance company. It's all a racket. permalink parent award report block reply PoleWatcher 1 points 4 days ago My choices ar work are all shifty and always have been. I am sure the executives are much better permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 5 points 4 days ago Until you have a heart attack, stroke, car accident, fall off a ladder, or have any other crisis that puts you in the hospital...at that point, you're at the mercy of whatever the hospital and doctors (who are mostly independent contractors who have "privileges" to work there) decide to charge you.  I mean, if you're illegal, or indigent and can't pay, you ride free.  Anyone with savings, a house, retirement, or other assets, will be paying whatever the hospital, docs, ambulance corps, etc., feel like charging.  And you couldn't shop ahead by getting quotes for it, because it was an emergency. Kind of like going to a convenience store for some aspirin, vs. calling around and getting the aspirin at a reasonable price from a pharmacy or grocery store. You'll pay $ 4 for two tablets, because you needed them right now, vs. $ 1.49 for 100 tablets after you spent some time calling around, checking prices. And if you need something serious, a heart valve replacement, cancer surgery, etc., that's going to cost you what your house cost, maybe more, even if you're getting a "cash discount." permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 4 days ago Or if you accidently get the wife pregnant... holy shit that bill before insurance was INSANE. Met our 2800 out of pocket before the delivery so we paid nothing for it. OB and hospital bill combined was 12k. We didnt even use the pharmacy! Brought our own vit K drops. That would have been another 1k permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 4 days ago $ 12K sounds CHEAP for a day in the hospital, frankly.  I assume that was an uneventful, natural delivery.  Imagine how much more a C-section would have cost y'all.  That's an actual surgery. Yes, you could have had a midwife and a home delivery for a fraction of that cost, but if something went wrong, you wouldn't have had access to everything the hospital has to treat her at hand. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 2 points 4 days ago Yup natural birth but a long ass four hours. We heavily debated on a home birth with a midwife but didnt for the exact reason you just stated. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 1 points 4 days ago You understand that private insurance is a thing?  You might also want to look into the history of why people in the US typically get their insurance from their employer.  As usual, it was government fuckery.  And the reason the insurance companies are such assholes is that they don't view you as a customer.  They work for your employer, not you. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet_Tooth_Tony 3 points 4 days ago Or if you accidently get the wife pregnant... holy shit that bill before insurance was INSANE. Met our 2800 out of pocket before the delivery so we paid nothing for it. OB and hospital bill combined was 12k. We didnt even use the pharmacy! Brought our own vit K drops. That would have been another 1k permalink parent award report block reply bill_in_texas 3 points 4 days ago $ 12K sounds CHEAP for a day in the hospital, frankly.  I assume that was an uneventful, natural delivery.  Imagine how much more a C-section would have cost y'all.  That's an actual surgery. Yes, you could have had a midwife and a home delivery for a fraction of that cost, but if something went wrong, you wouldn't have had access to everything the hospital has to treat her at hand. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 2 points 4 days ago Yup natural birth but a long ass four hours. We heavily debated on a home birth with a midwife but didnt for the exact reason you just stated. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 3 points 4 days ago $ 12K sounds CHEAP for a day in the hospital, frankly.  I assume that was an uneventful, natural delivery.  Imagine how much more a C-section would have cost y'all.  That's an actual surgery. Yes, you could have had a midwife and a home delivery for a fraction of that cost, but if something went wrong, you wouldn't have had access to everything the hospital has to treat her at hand. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 2 points 4 days ago Yup natural birth but a long ass four hours. We heavily debated on a home birth with a midwife but didnt for the exact reason you just stated. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet_Tooth_Tony 2 points 4 days ago Yup natural birth but a long ass four hours. We heavily debated on a home birth with a midwife but didnt for the exact reason you just stated. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 1 points 4 days ago You understand that private insurance is a thing?  You might also want to look into the history of why people in the US typically get their insurance from their employer.  As usual, it was government fuckery.  And the reason the insurance companies are such assholes is that they don't view you as a customer.  They work for your employer, not you. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago Right now if you pay out of pocket the price is a fraction of what they bill insurance companies I wish more people knew this. ALWAYS NEGOTIATE.
I had an absurd bill and no insurance a few years ago, I would have had to walk away from the bill if the hospital wasn't willing to work with me. I ended up paying about 20% of what they would've billed an insurance company. It's all a racket. permalink parent award report block reply
PoleWatcher 1 points 4 days ago My choices ar work are all shifty and always have been. I am sure the executives are much better permalink parent award report block reply
spez_this 4 points 4 days ago All health insurance premiums and medical expenses should be fully deductible against your taxable gross income. permalink award report block reply
Ironh19 4 points 4 days ago What happened to the Obamacare replacement plan from his first term, I’m not hearing any new plans but Obamacare needs to be destroyed. And let me shop different policies with competing companies. permalink award report block reply
TS-SCI_thong 3 points 4 days ago It's a corporate subsidie permalink award report block reply
AFferalAF 3 points 4 days ago What's the angle on this? What's he expecting from the insurance companies? Because no one intends on giving it back to the taxpayers. permalink award report block reply Viewer01 OP 3 points 4 days ago He’s saying pay the drs directly. Which is single payer. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 4 days ago I’m not reading single payer. He means direct subsidies to people who would then buy private plans based on their needs. Which, is also a terrible idea. Give people $2000 for health insurance, every plan gets increased $2000. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago No he was saying to pay drs directly. So it’s some weird subsidy single payer where you get cash and pass it through. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 OP 3 points 4 days ago He’s saying pay the drs directly. Which is single payer. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 2 points 4 days ago I’m not reading single payer. He means direct subsidies to people who would then buy private plans based on their needs. Which, is also a terrible idea. Give people $2000 for health insurance, every plan gets increased $2000. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago No he was saying to pay drs directly. So it’s some weird subsidy single payer where you get cash and pass it through. permalink parent award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 2 points 4 days ago I’m not reading single payer. He means direct subsidies to people who would then buy private plans based on their needs. Which, is also a terrible idea. Give people $2000 for health insurance, every plan gets increased $2000. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago No he was saying to pay drs directly. So it’s some weird subsidy single payer where you get cash and pass it through. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago No he was saying to pay drs directly. So it’s some weird subsidy single payer where you get cash and pass it through. permalink parent award report block reply
ShotgunParade69x 2 points 4 days ago Everyone should be onboard with this permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 2 points 4 days ago If he's going to talk about ending Obamacare, again, they better have something better to replace it with, or they are going to get slaughtered in the mid-terms, again. This would be low hanging fruit for the dems and media to obsess about. permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Healthcare is Republican kryptonite, and they always reach for it when they don't want to govern anymore. Ending Obamacare without some viable alternative ready to hit the ground running, is political suicide in a rapidly aging, sicker country. The entire system must be reformed, but neither party are interested in doing so, because there are so many hands in the healthcare moneyball pot, from private equity, Big Pharma, Insurance companies, law firms, banks, pharmacy middle men, loads of IT companies, REITS, and other nearly endless middle men. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Healthcare is Republican kryptonite, and they always reach for it when they don't want to govern anymore. Ending Obamacare without some viable alternative ready to hit the ground running, is political suicide in a rapidly aging, sicker country. The entire system must be reformed, but neither party are interested in doing so, because there are so many hands in the healthcare moneyball pot, from private equity, Big Pharma, Insurance companies, law firms, banks, pharmacy middle men, loads of IT companies, REITS, and other nearly endless middle men. permalink parent award report block reply
HeatherSwanson 2 points 4 days ago Hobos and naggers ain’t gonna like this when these losers pay no taxes permalink award report block reply
Viewer01 OP 2 points 4 days ago This is literally a roundabout way to a single payer. permalink award report block reply MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago If you can't get insurance through your employer what are the other options? I've been 1099 before and had Cobra which was essentially the same shit as ACA which I have now. Cobra was even more expensive than ACA, and I am charged according to my salary on ACA. It's comparable to most people's premiums through their employers, I don't understand why I am supposed to be the bad guy here when there is literally no other option. The whole industry is complicated as hell and one giant scam. It takes 3-6 months to get in to see any sort of doctor without having to go to the ER. Minute clinics are nice for little things, but they'll just refer you to the ER if it's serious. Doctors are largely full of shit and most of the good ones are retired or dead. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 5 points 4 days ago Why do you need insurance for mundane things? Do you have insurance to put gas in your car, or for when there is a crash? Ordinary health care should not require insurance. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 1 points 4 days ago Following your analogy. My medication is $450/mo before insurance, $9/mo after. There are no generics. Make it make sense. For most people, it's for a crash obviously. A crash that would potentially bankrupt your average American that is living paycheck to paycheck. I've been to the ER 3x this year after the Minute Clinic refused and referred me, the only other option was waiting 5 months/waitlist to get into a doctors appointment. Each visit was pushing $20-25k, my insurance capped it at $900. The couple of times I've had to go a couple miles in an ambulance it was $5k a pop and insurance barely helped. I had a worse plan in years past and learned my lesson not to cheap out after a few $10k deductibles. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 1 points 4 days ago excepting catastrophic problems (using the car analogy, a crash)... routine things (car analogy: gas) have inflated prices in part because of insurance and government. part of the reason for that is administrative overhead, part because if you plunk down a pot of gold the price of everything just went up. government payers (medicaid/care) want to not waste taxpayer money, so they require hospitals to apply for a "certificate of need" for certain devices, for example an MRI machine. the stated reason was to prevent unnecessary use of an MRI just to get more money from the government payer (a bottomless pot of gold). a negative consequence is that the certificate is denied and therefor multiple hospitals must share the MRI. At a hospital I worked at the MRI was on a truck that came a few times each month. that truck served multiple hospitals in the area. Obviously patient care suffers. But if I'm an MRI manufacturer my sales opportunities are limited, indirectly, by govt. The machine is expensive to develop, manufacture, test, certify, etc and if only a few can be sold each unit will carry a higher portion of the development costs. If many can be sold each unit carries a smaller portion of development costs. The negative consequence of the certificate of need is scarcity and higher costs. Government interference in the market drives up prices. Since indemnity has given way to "managed care" (HMO/PPO etc - they are essentially cartels) prices to patients have increased, administrative overhead as mushroomed, and insurance companies have increased profits. Insurance should be for catastrophes. Routine care should be free market. It needs to be de-insurance-ized and de-cartel-ized. And ACA is an abomination, John Roberts is a liar. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago If you can't get insurance through your employer what are the other options? I've been 1099 before and had Cobra which was essentially the same shit as ACA which I have now. Cobra was even more expensive than ACA, and I am charged according to my salary on ACA. It's comparable to most people's premiums through their employers, I don't understand why I am supposed to be the bad guy here when there is literally no other option. The whole industry is complicated as hell and one giant scam. It takes 3-6 months to get in to see any sort of doctor without having to go to the ER. Minute clinics are nice for little things, but they'll just refer you to the ER if it's serious. Doctors are largely full of shit and most of the good ones are retired or dead. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 5 points 4 days ago Why do you need insurance for mundane things? Do you have insurance to put gas in your car, or for when there is a crash? Ordinary health care should not require insurance. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 1 points 4 days ago Following your analogy. My medication is $450/mo before insurance, $9/mo after. There are no generics. Make it make sense. For most people, it's for a crash obviously. A crash that would potentially bankrupt your average American that is living paycheck to paycheck. I've been to the ER 3x this year after the Minute Clinic refused and referred me, the only other option was waiting 5 months/waitlist to get into a doctors appointment. Each visit was pushing $20-25k, my insurance capped it at $900. The couple of times I've had to go a couple miles in an ambulance it was $5k a pop and insurance barely helped. I had a worse plan in years past and learned my lesson not to cheap out after a few $10k deductibles. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 1 points 4 days ago excepting catastrophic problems (using the car analogy, a crash)... routine things (car analogy: gas) have inflated prices in part because of insurance and government. part of the reason for that is administrative overhead, part because if you plunk down a pot of gold the price of everything just went up. government payers (medicaid/care) want to not waste taxpayer money, so they require hospitals to apply for a "certificate of need" for certain devices, for example an MRI machine. the stated reason was to prevent unnecessary use of an MRI just to get more money from the government payer (a bottomless pot of gold). a negative consequence is that the certificate is denied and therefor multiple hospitals must share the MRI. At a hospital I worked at the MRI was on a truck that came a few times each month. that truck served multiple hospitals in the area. Obviously patient care suffers. But if I'm an MRI manufacturer my sales opportunities are limited, indirectly, by govt. The machine is expensive to develop, manufacture, test, certify, etc and if only a few can be sold each unit will carry a higher portion of the development costs. If many can be sold each unit carries a smaller portion of development costs. The negative consequence of the certificate of need is scarcity and higher costs. Government interference in the market drives up prices. Since indemnity has given way to "managed care" (HMO/PPO etc - they are essentially cartels) prices to patients have increased, administrative overhead as mushroomed, and insurance companies have increased profits. Insurance should be for catastrophes. Routine care should be free market. It needs to be de-insurance-ized and de-cartel-ized. And ACA is an abomination, John Roberts is a liar. permalink parent award report block reply
perma-maga 5 points 4 days ago Why do you need insurance for mundane things? Do you have insurance to put gas in your car, or for when there is a crash? Ordinary health care should not require insurance. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 1 points 4 days ago Following your analogy. My medication is $450/mo before insurance, $9/mo after. There are no generics. Make it make sense. For most people, it's for a crash obviously. A crash that would potentially bankrupt your average American that is living paycheck to paycheck. I've been to the ER 3x this year after the Minute Clinic refused and referred me, the only other option was waiting 5 months/waitlist to get into a doctors appointment. Each visit was pushing $20-25k, my insurance capped it at $900. The couple of times I've had to go a couple miles in an ambulance it was $5k a pop and insurance barely helped. I had a worse plan in years past and learned my lesson not to cheap out after a few $10k deductibles. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 1 points 4 days ago excepting catastrophic problems (using the car analogy, a crash)... routine things (car analogy: gas) have inflated prices in part because of insurance and government. part of the reason for that is administrative overhead, part because if you plunk down a pot of gold the price of everything just went up. government payers (medicaid/care) want to not waste taxpayer money, so they require hospitals to apply for a "certificate of need" for certain devices, for example an MRI machine. the stated reason was to prevent unnecessary use of an MRI just to get more money from the government payer (a bottomless pot of gold). a negative consequence is that the certificate is denied and therefor multiple hospitals must share the MRI. At a hospital I worked at the MRI was on a truck that came a few times each month. that truck served multiple hospitals in the area. Obviously patient care suffers. But if I'm an MRI manufacturer my sales opportunities are limited, indirectly, by govt. The machine is expensive to develop, manufacture, test, certify, etc and if only a few can be sold each unit will carry a higher portion of the development costs. If many can be sold each unit carries a smaller portion of development costs. The negative consequence of the certificate of need is scarcity and higher costs. Government interference in the market drives up prices. Since indemnity has given way to "managed care" (HMO/PPO etc - they are essentially cartels) prices to patients have increased, administrative overhead as mushroomed, and insurance companies have increased profits. Insurance should be for catastrophes. Routine care should be free market. It needs to be de-insurance-ized and de-cartel-ized. And ACA is an abomination, John Roberts is a liar. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 1 points 4 days ago Following your analogy. My medication is $450/mo before insurance, $9/mo after. There are no generics. Make it make sense. For most people, it's for a crash obviously. A crash that would potentially bankrupt your average American that is living paycheck to paycheck. I've been to the ER 3x this year after the Minute Clinic refused and referred me, the only other option was waiting 5 months/waitlist to get into a doctors appointment. Each visit was pushing $20-25k, my insurance capped it at $900. The couple of times I've had to go a couple miles in an ambulance it was $5k a pop and insurance barely helped. I had a worse plan in years past and learned my lesson not to cheap out after a few $10k deductibles. permalink parent award report block reply perma-maga 1 points 4 days ago excepting catastrophic problems (using the car analogy, a crash)... routine things (car analogy: gas) have inflated prices in part because of insurance and government. part of the reason for that is administrative overhead, part because if you plunk down a pot of gold the price of everything just went up. government payers (medicaid/care) want to not waste taxpayer money, so they require hospitals to apply for a "certificate of need" for certain devices, for example an MRI machine. the stated reason was to prevent unnecessary use of an MRI just to get more money from the government payer (a bottomless pot of gold). a negative consequence is that the certificate is denied and therefor multiple hospitals must share the MRI. At a hospital I worked at the MRI was on a truck that came a few times each month. that truck served multiple hospitals in the area. Obviously patient care suffers. But if I'm an MRI manufacturer my sales opportunities are limited, indirectly, by govt. The machine is expensive to develop, manufacture, test, certify, etc and if only a few can be sold each unit will carry a higher portion of the development costs. If many can be sold each unit carries a smaller portion of development costs. The negative consequence of the certificate of need is scarcity and higher costs. Government interference in the market drives up prices. Since indemnity has given way to "managed care" (HMO/PPO etc - they are essentially cartels) prices to patients have increased, administrative overhead as mushroomed, and insurance companies have increased profits. Insurance should be for catastrophes. Routine care should be free market. It needs to be de-insurance-ized and de-cartel-ized. And ACA is an abomination, John Roberts is a liar. permalink parent award report block reply
perma-maga 1 points 4 days ago excepting catastrophic problems (using the car analogy, a crash)... routine things (car analogy: gas) have inflated prices in part because of insurance and government. part of the reason for that is administrative overhead, part because if you plunk down a pot of gold the price of everything just went up. government payers (medicaid/care) want to not waste taxpayer money, so they require hospitals to apply for a "certificate of need" for certain devices, for example an MRI machine. the stated reason was to prevent unnecessary use of an MRI just to get more money from the government payer (a bottomless pot of gold). a negative consequence is that the certificate is denied and therefor multiple hospitals must share the MRI. At a hospital I worked at the MRI was on a truck that came a few times each month. that truck served multiple hospitals in the area. Obviously patient care suffers. But if I'm an MRI manufacturer my sales opportunities are limited, indirectly, by govt. The machine is expensive to develop, manufacture, test, certify, etc and if only a few can be sold each unit will carry a higher portion of the development costs. If many can be sold each unit carries a smaller portion of development costs. The negative consequence of the certificate of need is scarcity and higher costs. Government interference in the market drives up prices. Since indemnity has given way to "managed care" (HMO/PPO etc - they are essentially cartels) prices to patients have increased, administrative overhead as mushroomed, and insurance companies have increased profits. Insurance should be for catastrophes. Routine care should be free market. It needs to be de-insurance-ized and de-cartel-ized. And ACA is an abomination, John Roberts is a liar. permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 2 points 4 days ago I AM READY permalink award report block reply
hoopinfloyd 2 points 4 days ago more gibs permalink award report block reply
mikejones 2 points 4 days ago At the rate we're going we'll have 1 billion people in America soon. End it all and only the smart survive. permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 2 points 4 days ago My primary care doctor started out as an old, American, guy. When he retired, the practice was taken over by a young Arabic woman. She just told me, at my last Dr visit (while wearing a Palestinian flag pin), that she thinks everybody should have the same insurance, that should cover everything. I think it's time to look for a new PCP. permalink award report block reply
Mungo 1 points 4 days ago 🤞🏻 permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 1 points 4 days ago Ok but who are they supposed to purchase it from? permalink award report block reply
Ryunnsun 1 points 4 days ago I think that - even if they eliminate the ACA tomorrow - it's not going to equal cheaper prices, insurance companies will keep charging the same, and congress will just find another globohomo non-profit for that tax money. The ACA made insurance companies' recommendations more important that your doctor's, and I don't think that's going to change any time soon. For example - I got a letter in the mail last month from my insurance company CC'd to my endocrinologist that my type-1 diabetic medication was being substituted by some no-name offbrand shit. permalink award report block reply
onesummerdream 1 points 3 days ago The Rs have been campaigning on ending Obobocare in every election since 2012. What are the odds? permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 4 days ago Just end it and replace it with nothing.  This would actually be a useful step towards draining the swamp. permalink award report block reply