703 HINDUISM IS SATANIC: Indian Women Perform a Satanic Ritual in a River in India (rumble.com) posted 2 days ago by China4Biden 397 comments award share report block
397 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Piglips 61 points 2 days ago That tougue shit is to their goddess Kali representsing time, death, and destruction . Fkn nuts. They have countless gods. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 41 points 2 days ago They literally make more up as they go along. And take them seriously. Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Do indians not know that worshipping fake gods is a bad idea? Wow. Biblical Christianity is true and there is evidence, unlike hinduism. Prove me wrong! permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 20 points 2 days ago IIRC they believe that all the "gods" they talk about are just aspects of the same being. Similar to the Holy Trinity in Christianity of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. That "part of the whole" thing is where the similarity ends, however. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago Then they are making up new parts. Not Biblical at all. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 14 points 2 days ago Since they use a completely different holy book, that goes without saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 30 more comments... WhatUCan 2 points 2 days ago Yes they remember what God promised them and they have twisted it becuase demons permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Tigrboy1 -4 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... FatigueIsReal -11 points 2 days ago I mean... the trinity isn't biblical either.  It was a made up new part. Not sure if you want to go down that path.  lol permalink parent award report block reply view 17 more comments... Glory-Unto-God 1 points 1 day ago Much like humans are soul mind and body. We are in ourselves a trinity. The body broken but soul and mind intact. The mind destroyed but the body and soul are trapped. The soul flayed but the body and mind keep going. The trinity is us in God's image just as the lord is an unbreakable whole. We do not share his perfection but do mirror these aspects. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 1 day ago So they keep cutting up, and dividing their God? Seems pretty brutal to me. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 day ago I don't know if I would characterize it as "cutting up their god" any more than pointing out that a person can be a father, a brother, a husband, and a soldier all at once without "cutting them up." Each is a different role with different responsibilities but they are all held by and all refer to the same person. As I understand it, that is. permalink parent award report block reply HaSumBro -21 points 2 days ago The Trinity is satanic and anti-christ also... Jesus was only man and trinitarians ignore Jesus' words True worshipers will worship the Father permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 13 points 2 days ago I and my Father are one, seems pretty to be a claim to be divine. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago They will worship God. Why do you refuse to accept that God's Nature is BIGGER than you claim? You belittle the Father by insisting His Nature is a mere one person, like that of a human. Not Three Persons. God is UNIQUE. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... PoopJeet 3 points 2 days ago This is actually not a difficult concept to get a quick read on. God: Father, Son, Holy Spirit Man: Mind, Body, Spirit Matter: Solid, Liquid, Gas Time: past, present, future Space: length, width, height permalink parent award report block reply Leucophylla12 6 points 2 days ago Pajeets scamming each other? Shocking permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 2 points 2 days ago Its nice to see the turn around in comments here. When the RNC happened and harmeet million was praying to vishnu, people here would vehemently attack anyone who called it out. Same they did for anyone saying having a vishnu first lady isnt ideal either permalink parent award report block reply Ur2sm4rt 2 points 2 days ago You don't watch sports or somethings? Music stars are the same thing too. All is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Sports and music is a wholly different category.  That's like saying "whether you believe world war 1 happened or not is just like sports." permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 2 days ago Here's a "god" from poop...seriously. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 1 points 1 day ago Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Points to Warhammer 40k and how the Astarte's creed is now a rallying cry for GenZ . permalink parent award report block reply load 85 more comments... patrioticwinning3 5 points 2 days ago Kali Ma!' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6_2Uy5jKEo permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 5 points 2 days ago POOP IN THE RIVER!!! 💩💩🌊 permalink parent award report block reply FBJ_WoodChipper 1 points 2 days ago I have nothing against the jeet religions. They are free to worship whoever they want Its really just the filthy way in which they conduct themselves, its not fit for civilized life. Desecrating everywhere they go, smelling like shit, polluting every natural resource they can find. Why are rivers and lakes in America Europe and even China so clean but even a small lake in india isnt spared from being turned into an open sewer with people literally shitting in it. The simple fact is the British tried civilizing these mongoloid degenerates but as soon as the Brits left, these fuckwits went back straight into their shit hole. The glory days of the indian civilization are all in the past. Today India is nothing but a land of filth, where everyone fights endless war against each other for even the smallest resource from the moment they are born till they die permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 5 points 2 days ago Gods of cow shit and piss permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago They treat cow dung and urine like it's gold. They smear it on themselves and over their heads and squish it on their faces. It truly is a religion of filth. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 16 hours ago They eat it too. Just saw a video of some poopjeet making a cow-dung burrito today. 🤮 permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 4 points 1 day ago Their "gods" are literal demons. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... TooBright 28 points 2 days ago Apu never did any of this shit. Wokies fucked up getting rid of him. The reality of the situation is out in the open now. permalink award report block reply possibletower 7 points 2 days ago Apu was not a nutty Hindu. These are the Satanic insane Hindus. Kind of like how Christians have nutty cults who are really Satanic fronts like the ones who worship trannies and grooming of children. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 28 points 2 days ago Any church with female pastors and gay flags in front is not a Christian church permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -11 points 2 days ago Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot. That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 2 days ago LOL what? I made a simple observation. The Bible says no gay stuff. So a gay church isn't a real Bible-following church permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Not on planet Earth. Satanists believe in Jesus and God and hate them, instead worshiping the fallen one with the bizarre belief that a failed angel can somehow dethrone the Creator of Everything. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 2 points 1 day ago no, Jesus said you must be born again.  That is more than saying i believe in Jesus.  The devil believes in Jesus. John 3:1-21
English Standard Version
You Must Be Born Again
3 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. 2 This man came to Jesus[a] by night and said to him, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him.” 3 Jesus answered him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.” 4 Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” 5 Jesus answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. 6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You[d] must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” 9 Nicodemus said to him, “How can these things be?” 10 Jesus answered him, “Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things? 11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony. 12 If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things? 13 permalink parent award report block reply PegasoSeiya 1 points 1 day ago “believe” doesn’t mean “to know he existed”. It means to have faith in Jesus, or more precisely, “to be faithful To Jesus”.  Which means following and teaching his commands and understanding that our morals should stem from
His, and we should NEVER project our personal moral code into him. Which is what the woke churches love to do permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: Book of 1st Corinthians Ch. 15 KJV ‐----------- Yes you are so right. there is also a hierarchy of rewards in the afterlife, however, for faithfulness in believers and hard working believers, for honorable believers and dishonorable believers also permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago AKA Lukewarm "Christians" who don't believe or follow the Bible. permalink parent award report block reply Righteous -2 points 2 days ago you sound like a potential jew. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 2 days ago And you sound like a faggot who likes to get DAPed by two shemale Christian preachers Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who says So an illegal alien who says "I follow every single U.S. law" is correct in his claim? how it works You have to genuinely believe it. If you do, you will act accordingly, and behave Biblically, instead of sinfully like earlier. The Christian will sin less, get better, and grow closer to God, if he really means it. God will know if you believe or not. If say you follow US law, and you believe that you are, and your actio s show it, you are. yes? permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?' 1st Peter 4:17 KJV believers are supposed to judge every believer; believers are required to judge gay preachers, for example, and if they don't.. then God judges them. if you want that verse I can provide that one too permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 21 points 2 days ago "For all the gods of the Gentiles are devils: but the Lord made the heavens." Psalm 96:5 permalink award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 9 points 2 days ago That is a great verse, but I would like to point out that the word devils is more of a mistranslation. The Hebrew word used is eliylim (אֱלִילִים) which means idols or worthless things in the plural form. I do believe that it was the Douay-Rheims Bible, the Brenton Septuagint Translation, and the Catholic Public Domain Bible that said devils or demons in place of the word idols. The word for devils would be satan or ha-satan (שָׂטַן, הַשָּׂטָן). permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago Of course. The douay rheims. The catholics cannot help themselves to mess with things. Makes sense, given they believe unBiblical things. permalink parent award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 4 points 2 days ago One could say that if you worship idols, you also worship Satan, but it would be linguistically incorrect to use devils in place of idols in this verse. The verse is conveying that the gods of Gentiles are nothing more than futility and nothing of any substance, has no meaning or significance, etc. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago Totally correct! permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 1 points 2 days ago The catholics compiled the bible, and martin luther removed 7 books. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago catholics compiled Which of them claimed purgatory was factual? removed Citation needed. And they were omitted, not removed. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments... MAGA_NRG 17 points 2 days ago Any religion that doesn't say Christ is the only way to salvation is satanic. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 8 points 2 days ago That dangerously diminishes the reality of satanism. There are non-Christian religions who don't seek to do harm and even though they are not Christian, they are also not satanic. Save the word satanic for the truly demonic. Like Islam or commies or actual Luciferians. permalink parent award report block reply FuckJBiden 4 points 2 days ago Oooh, like the Mormons. Just be a really nice person and you’ll get your own planet permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Mormons are an odd bunch. Their version of Christianity is kooky, but the few Mormons I've met have been extremely decent, patriotic and kind people. But also odd. I'm sure there are plenty of shitty Mormons like Mitt Romney too, I just had a limited, but very good experience. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago I think Glen Beck is Mormon. I like Glen Beck and his hour long chalkboard explanations that delve into whacky and strange, kinda like a Dan Brown novel being revealed on a chalkboard. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago Mormons are the “home school kids” of the 80’s. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who is not saved by Christ is knowingly or unknowingly worshiping satan. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Or the flying spaghettti monster, don’t leave him out. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Which non-Christian religions don't have dangerous or harmful beliefs? permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 0 points 1 day ago As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world and of the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit who is now at work in those who are disobedient.-Ephsians 2:1 permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago This is exactly my biggest criticism of Christianity. Christopher Hitchens once presented an argument that in Christianity a Nazi  guard that killed Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. Hitchens had religious scholars in knots with that argument. Christianity tries to bribe you by forgiving your sins in the same way Islam tries to bribe you with 72 virgins and everlasting orgasms in heaven. Both are different sides to the same coin. Organized religion is the biggest farce man has created and has resulted in more death and mayhem throughout history than any other cause. It continues to do so as for laymen it devolves into my team is better than yours. Organized religion is a tool created by men to wield power by invoking God. If you want evil, it is organized religion. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 4 points 2 days ago First of all, it's not about this present world, it's about the coming eternal world. This existence is a fart in the wind. Second, why do you think the Jewish baby went to hell? We dont know what happens to babies, only God knows. Thirdly, true Christianity is not "organized religion". Something like catholicism is organized religion. Christianity is believing in Jesus and repenting of your sins. That's it. And yes, if the nazi genuinely repented he would be saved like it or not. We are here in this present time for that reason. Nothing else in this world matters. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 15 points 2 days ago Winter_bow_huntress 13 points 2 days ago Jeremy wade from river monsters tested that water and it came back as basically sewage lol permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 4 points 2 days ago Um, pretty obvious why the water is brown.  Indians stepped into it. permalink parent award report block reply MediumBase 7 points 2 days ago I don't care what religion someone follows. I really don't. When someone, anyone, tells me I can't worship my own? Then, there's a problem. I also have a problem with someone, anyone, hiding behind religion as a reason to be disloyal to our Constitutional Republic. If their faith calls on them to destroy this country? They need to go worship somewhere else. And if they bear arms against us? We defend ourselves. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 7 points 2 days ago Why do so many of your posts come from a Rumble channel with seven followers? permalink award report block reply madeaprofilejustforu 5 points 2 days ago So fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro -1 points 2 days ago Seriously, it really has turned into shit permalink parent award report block reply FuckJBiden 3 points 2 days ago But why are they in the town’s toilet? permalink award report block reply madeaprofilejustforu 3 points 2 days ago Being fake and gay is satanic no matter what form it takes. Who the fuck cares about Hinduism? L sticky. permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 2 points 2 days ago I see India have the same modern dating problems as the west. permalink award report block reply madeaprofilejustforu 2 points 2 days ago Get this gay ass sticky off front page what the fuck is wrong with you people? permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Not everyone is a gay phaggote like you, son. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And allll those new agers who do yoga and kundalini shit all have serious ENTITIES, aka demons possessing them. Stay far the fuck away from 'tantra', 'transcendental meditation', and all of that crap. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 5 points 2 days ago There's a big difference between yoga as a physical exercise and meditation as a mental exercise in the West vs. Hindu religious rituals that invoke their gods. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago If you want to do physical exercise, then just do some fucking exercise. Don't attune to new age demonic hindu bullshit. Ever hear of stretching? Fuck the yoga part and stretch if you're tight for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply clocker23 1 points 2 days ago There's nothing wrong with stretching and deep breathing, that's a natural, healthy part of exercise.  Hindus don't own that. Technically, laying on your back is a yoga pose (Savasana) and everyone's done that. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch permalink parent award report block reply clocker23 0 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. You think you have to be an Indian to do yoga? Weird. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch You know what's what yoga is, right? Breathing and stretching exercises. I'm guessing you do neither of those. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 0 points 1 day ago If you want to stretch and exercise then fucking stretch and exercise. Don't call it "yoga" you fucking idiot. Would you call it "Falung-Gong"? Or just "yoga" because you're an indoctrinated boomer faggot? permalink parent award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes -3 points 2 days ago Correct. Kundalini and yoga are ways to use your body as an antenna for demon possession and demon worship. It's why I cringe so much when I see video clips of Pentecostal churches where the "pastor" touches someone and they convulse and spas out. It's the same Hindu garbage with a Christianity label on it. It's spiritual alright, but it's more of the false deceiving kind of spiritual, where they think it's ok to play with demons and call it "signs and wonders of God". permalink parent award report block reply hillaryforprison 2 points 2 days ago Some of their temples have extremely violent art work, showing creatures pulling the guts out of people. Sick stuff. permalink award report block reply Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago They should stick to happy stuff like nails through people. permalink parent award report block reply Kingofkek 2 points 2 days ago Sometimes posts like this make me think the left is correct when they say we’re bigoted and closed minded. It’s not ”satanic” just because it’s scary and you don’t understand it. permalink award report block reply TheRPatriot 12 points 2 days ago Indians literally have poop intertwined with their culture…. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Satan is big into poop? I mean it’s “on brand,” but …? permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago Cow dung was used as a source of fire and building materials. It’s not the same as human poop with harmful pathogens because cow has multiple stomachs and the dung is literally plant matter (assuming they are fed plant matter and not meat). So in Indian villages it is still used as fuel and is more efficient than going and cutting trees for firewood. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 6 points 2 days ago Actually, it is. Any religion that goes against the word of God is Luciferian by definition. God created the beings that created these religions. They rebelled against Him, just as Lucifer did. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 2 days ago By definition? What definition is that? permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago The Inquisitor’s Definition of The Official Word Of Christ The God, and all other definitions must be violently vanquished from the earth and our homes. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago All infidels must die. Am I right? permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 1 points 1 day ago Who said that? Certainly not Jesus. What I said is simply an acknowledgment that we live in a fallen world. permalink parent award report block reply Joseyep 4 points 2 days ago That stuff is demonic brother lol if ain’t worshipping God it’s demonic permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 0 points 2 days ago Just like Jesus said, “if you ain’t into my thing, you’re demonic!” permalink parent award report block reply Joseyep 2 points 2 days ago Yep, he sure did. You worship something else he doesn’t know you permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Elaborate please. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 3 points 2 days ago Found the jeet. I have a pile of cow shit in my field if you want it. permalink parent award report block reply Kingofkek 0 points 1 day ago Try again retard. You don’t have to be Indian to not be completely ignorant of one of the worlds oldest cultures permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 1 points 1 day ago Yeet the jeet mods. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Should say contra-Biblical. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Songofsixpence 1 points 2 days ago Is that the shit river that has backlophage or some shit where it is so loaded with shit it actually spins back around and heals some people? permalink award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago Bacteriophages, which have the ability to kill bacteria that usually require antibiotics in humans. It’s one of those things where there will be a medication in 2050 that you could technically trace back to it, but never for any kind of wide adoption or use. Case in point, you will never utilize a bacteriophage. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Why not? It seems like just the thing to counter antibiotic resistant bacteria. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 3 points 2 days ago People have been saying that for half a century. It’ll take that long for this to actually move past research and development. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Assuming it doesn't just cure the disease and not treat it. A patient cured is a customer lost. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Get all the woke, DEI, and contraBiblical worldviews out and mabye we can shave a decade or five off that. We got NUCLEAR BOMB tech in only 1940's. Why didn't we take longer????? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago All non Christian religions are satanic permalink award report block reply KEK_1776_KEK 1 points 2 days ago Good Gods, the stench. permalink award report block reply shatmaself 1 points 2 days ago Somehow, this seems related (also women acting strangely): https://scored.co/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9irlzz/ permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 1 day ago Hate to break it to you all but alot of the other religions have altered Hindu beliefs and gods over time. Krishna/Christ story is one that will get downvotes here. I didn't like it either but it is what it is. Old world beliefs had to be altered because they suck. Christianity is still the best religion I have seen in my lifetime, despite knowing what Christmas really is, it's my favorite holiday and I still celebrate it. Who doesn't like presents and Home Alone on repeat? permalink award report block reply TexasBeer 1 points 2 days ago You’re an impression of what you worship. Hindus worship animals, they behave like animals. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 5 points 2 days ago Now do atheists, who think we came from ape like creatures. OOGA BOOGA!! permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 -2 points 2 days ago Hinduism is not a religion in the same way US constitution in not a religion. It discusses moral dilemmas and provides guidelines so society has a moral and ethical compass. You are free to believe in Jesus in Hinduism or can be an atheist. It encourages to seek your own truth. permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Didn't trump just do some Diwali retardation? permalink award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 2 days ago Diwali has been celebrated in the White House for over 40 yrs at this stage tbh. Trump wasn't the first. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago “You.. don't believe me? You will Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer. ” permalink award report block reply Porkchop-express 1 points 2 days ago That’s just bacteria 🦠 eating her brain. permalink award report block reply YT45 1 points 2 days ago Is that the same river they shit in? permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 2 days ago yup, that’s the one permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 2 days ago Future first lady. permalink award report block reply RyanKeyOh 1 points 2 days ago Why are we importing this permalink award report block reply Redeemable 1 points 2 days ago Heathen religion is satanic. More at 11. permalink award report block reply BrookieDragon 1 points 2 days ago Let's be honest, I've crossed worse laying on the streets while walking through San Diego and Seattle. I'm sure Chicago, Detroit, and a lot of others are all the same. permalink award report block reply Chungus53 1 points 2 days ago in India You know what, I'm fine with that. Send them all over there. Once they're not our problem, it doesn't matter what they do. permalink award report block reply Pissonit 1 points 2 days ago That's the sewer.....💩💩💩🤮 permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 1 day ago Pagan. Which is a realler form of the same thing . permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago This is a cleansing of sins ritual and men do it too.  It's similar to baptism in Christianity. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago It is contra-Biblical. Their religion is fake, and there is evidence to prove it. It is idolatry , so it is sin. Why defend it? permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 5 points 2 days ago He isn't "defending it." He's saying how it is superficially similar, and how they use it. Stop being butthurt. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 2 days ago stop being (emotional) My comment doesn't imply emotion. Seems like projection. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago Didn't say "emotional," I said butthurt. Someone mentioned something about another religion that wasn't instantly derogatory or hateful, and you couldn't wait to shit on the religion and crow about how yours is the bestest. Your comment didn't imply emotion, your comment's source was emotion. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 2 days ago Hello, I wrote what the symbolism to water cleansing and purification similarity is.  Do I look like I have 10 hands, no I don't.    Hinduism, I enjoy it, the poetry, the Bhagavad Gita, literature, the dancing, it's fun.  Who the fuck are you to say it's a sin.  Sue me.  I found my goddess in Hindu. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Thanks for the input. I have plenty of questions. I enjoy it It is fun, mabye. But is it true or not? I can read superman comics, but do I believe them? to say it's a sin? I wish it wasn't a sin either. But I didn't come up with that opinion. I found my goddess Please explain your journey! #CharlieKirk permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago There are some gifts in every religion known that I interpret and take from that to understand my spiritual journey.  I'm not devoted to those as I am to Love.  If I put all the religions together, a bit of knowledge from here and there, defines Love and God, and how we are one, not separate.  This divine love, yes, those women jumping in a muddy river for comes from Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply Contra_Bombarde 2 points 2 days ago The same kind of "water cleansing" that goes on in the Yamuna and Ganges rivers? Both of which are unspeakably contaminated with feces and decomposing corpses? Face it, Hinduism is filthy, and the more it tries to desperately "cleanse" itself, it grows filthier still. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Funny, and Christianity didn’t rip off Gilgamesh. Have your faith but allow others to have their own too. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago didn't rip off Gilgamesh Correct. Noah's Ark was an actual ship, but gilgamesh had a bulky wooden box that couldn't survive. The box boat was made up by imaginers. On the other hand, God Himself, the Ultimate Engineer, directed Noah to construct of a great ship that did its job well. It was amazingly built. allow others Of course I am. I just want to seek which ones are objectively true. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago And how much Zoastrinism made it into the New Testament? Seems Christianity did a whole lot of borrowing from the religions this thread is so afraid of. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Tigrboy1 -1 points 2 days ago You can argue Christianity is fake. In Christianity, a nazi guard who burned Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. This argument was forwarded by Christopher Hitchens and he tied religious scholars in knots who tried to explain it away. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago So is yours. Shut the fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago If it was, why has Biblical Christianity claimed zero lives, while atheism did millions? Also, emotion comment. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You cant prove God exists can you. You are just one step above these people. Time to grow the fuck up and stop believing in fairy tale stories. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MAGA_NRG 1 points 2 days ago Except baptism doesn't cleanse sins. permalink parent award report block reply LLP2 1 points 2 days ago Anyone worshipping "trans" gods is evil. permalink award report block reply HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 2 days ago yes it is permalink award report block reply MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 day ago Christians and Buddhists are the best we have to offer and I really wish it was ALL we had to offer permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago So much CULTURE!!! permalink award report block reply Tellman125 1 points 2 days ago No, that's just what happens to anyone in the world after 2 days without being online. permalink award report block reply Tellman125 0 points 2 days ago Still a million times better than Islam. She and all those other women can show their hair and their arms and legs in public. permalink award report block reply DenturesNancy 0 points 2 days ago they look nothing like the beautiful bitches in bollywood movies permalink award report block reply Headline_Correction 0 points 2 days ago ignorant, you dont know anything about what youre looking at permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 0 points 2 days ago paging EPA edit: oh, in India. isn’t that normal? permalink award report block reply moscowjade -1 points 2 days ago That diarrhea is no joke permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal -1 points 2 days ago lol I swear some old lady from the Bible belt wrote this headline. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Point being...? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago "Anything I don't recognize is Satan.  Even people that don't know who or what Satan is." Its a good laugh to watch it happen in real time. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago This reads as autism. Just because something isn't "satanic", SPECIFICALLY, doesn't mean it's not sinful. This is like a leftist claiming Trump's words are lies just because they're not 100% flawlessly perfect on all technicalities. You are nitpicking. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago It's like calling shaving "Satanic" because the bible has words on how men should grow their beards. Same energy. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... roarkh1777 -2 points 2 days ago Being an atheist, this warms my heart :) Let religions tear each other to pieces. You attack them They attack you. Back and forth..while I watch with popcorn. Christians against Islam. Islam against Christians. Both against Zionist Jews. Zionist Jews against everyone.
Hindus and Buddhists were so far out of the mix. But now lets get them in too . Get every religion based on ancient gossip and tales and works of fiction into the mix! Eventually everyone will perish for religion. Or everyone will come to a realization - that there is no God. Not as you imagine it.  Its just a nice man made fantasy based on really fantastic tales, works of fiction, and a desire to have a big daddy watching out for you. Otherwise your life has no meaning. No purpose :) hahahaha. :)  Enjoy! permalink award report block reply x79q3pb 4 points 2 days ago Gosh you're so edgy and cool. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Not a rebuttal. Charlie Kirk was a Christian, which is why he was smart and an arguer. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago No it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago you agree with the coment? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... SenorTrumper 2 points 2 days ago https://media.scored.co/post/BAalre0VhPXH.jpeg permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago I believe in higher intelligence to make my life have meaning, but feel exactly the same way as you about religion and fantasy land. To be truth, I am still seeking answers about higher power or if there is one. Sometimes, I feel strongly about one, other times I am not sure. I like to be optimistic, so I like to believe there is something after death. However, I don’t impose my views on others and don’t care for others imposing their views on mine. It’s fascinating though to see people so taken by all the fantasyland. It’s essentially my Superman can beat your Batman permalink parent award report block reply roarkh1777 1 points 1 day ago The higher intelligence exists. However, me telling you won't help. You'll have to experience it yourself to know for sure. Its kind of like the matrix. No one can tell you what it is. You have to "See" it for yourself. And then you'll not need to believe anyone. Any fantasy, any fairy-tale, any "Trust me bro". You'll have known it, and there would be no going back. Also, I didn't mean I'm an atheist like marx, or any other of the garden variety atheists, so I wanted to clarify myself. My word choice of Atheist was wrong. Consciousness exists. Godliness exists. And as long as you go deeper into discovering it, you'll be making progress. There is no beginning. There will never be an end. permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 -2 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver -2 points 2 days ago Is that why muslims slaughter them??  To protect the world? permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 19 points 2 days ago Muslims slaughter everything permalink parent award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago Muslims are wonkru.  You are wonkru ... or you are an ENEMY of wonkru.  Choose! permalink parent award report block reply Greenspikefrog 0 points 2 days ago Technically no… Muslims during the Yazidi Genocide could take the Yazidi as sex slaves and convert them because they are not of the Books aka Christians or Jews… Look into it.
And it’s the Shia Wahhabism that leads to jihads and slaughtering it all. The people praying in Christian church yards and streets all Shia.  Look it up. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 3 points 2 days ago Yazidi are Christians and they slaughtered all the men after taking then into the mountains permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 13 points 2 days ago No, the Mohammadans slaughter them for the same reason they slaughter Christians- we don't bow to their wishes.  The enemy of my enemy is NOT my friend, he is my enemy's enemy.  No more, no less. permalink parent award report block reply Metriz77 10 points 2 days ago Muslims and protect world do not belong in the same sentence bro. permalink parent award report block reply stjimmy92 6 points 2 days ago Unless we’re discussing how best to protect the world from Muslims permalink parent award report block reply Seatacjoe 2 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply DeltaSierra -1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago So you say the post is wrong. Ok. Do you know why it is wrong, though? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -2 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply asdrubael_was_right 2 points 2 days ago No one likes a bad mood. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago off track How so? Making America great again involves certain cultural and ideological aspects. Everyone has a worldview, and not all worldviews make a country great. Hinduism has not made its country great. Yes or No? leftist shill How is he supporting democrats? Demonrats are atheists, mostly. Or pagans and wiccans. worst light After the left got Charlie killed? Why bow to their wishes? Also, far more scathing posts are made here, but THIS is what you want to focus on? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... DeltaSierra -2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago Oh yeah, and I have a 500,000 mile-long spaceship with a rail cannon. Nice try, but no. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 1 day ago So what is the fukin point of the thread ahole… it is totally anti-American to trash people for religious beliefs … fukin American haters permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago trash people Massive strawman. No one is trashing anyone, except you.  "Ahole", etc. What IS the true worldview, in your view? If everyone else's is false, bring yours to the table. Did man emerge from ape creatures or something? What? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 1 day ago The true worldview is to live in a civil society which values its assets which are not all pale white Protestants. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Piglips 61 points 2 days ago That tougue shit is to their goddess Kali representsing time, death, and destruction . Fkn nuts. They have countless gods. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 41 points 2 days ago They literally make more up as they go along. And take them seriously. Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Do indians not know that worshipping fake gods is a bad idea? Wow. Biblical Christianity is true and there is evidence, unlike hinduism. Prove me wrong! permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 20 points 2 days ago IIRC they believe that all the "gods" they talk about are just aspects of the same being. Similar to the Holy Trinity in Christianity of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. That "part of the whole" thing is where the similarity ends, however. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago Then they are making up new parts. Not Biblical at all. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 14 points 2 days ago Since they use a completely different holy book, that goes without saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 30 more comments... WhatUCan 2 points 2 days ago Yes they remember what God promised them and they have twisted it becuase demons permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Tigrboy1 -4 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... FatigueIsReal -11 points 2 days ago I mean... the trinity isn't biblical either.  It was a made up new part. Not sure if you want to go down that path.  lol permalink parent award report block reply view 17 more comments... Glory-Unto-God 1 points 1 day ago Much like humans are soul mind and body. We are in ourselves a trinity. The body broken but soul and mind intact. The mind destroyed but the body and soul are trapped. The soul flayed but the body and mind keep going. The trinity is us in God's image just as the lord is an unbreakable whole. We do not share his perfection but do mirror these aspects. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 1 day ago So they keep cutting up, and dividing their God? Seems pretty brutal to me. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 day ago I don't know if I would characterize it as "cutting up their god" any more than pointing out that a person can be a father, a brother, a husband, and a soldier all at once without "cutting them up." Each is a different role with different responsibilities but they are all held by and all refer to the same person. As I understand it, that is. permalink parent award report block reply HaSumBro -21 points 2 days ago The Trinity is satanic and anti-christ also... Jesus was only man and trinitarians ignore Jesus' words True worshipers will worship the Father permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 13 points 2 days ago I and my Father are one, seems pretty to be a claim to be divine. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago They will worship God. Why do you refuse to accept that God's Nature is BIGGER than you claim? You belittle the Father by insisting His Nature is a mere one person, like that of a human. Not Three Persons. God is UNIQUE. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... PoopJeet 3 points 2 days ago This is actually not a difficult concept to get a quick read on. God: Father, Son, Holy Spirit Man: Mind, Body, Spirit Matter: Solid, Liquid, Gas Time: past, present, future Space: length, width, height permalink parent award report block reply Leucophylla12 6 points 2 days ago Pajeets scamming each other? Shocking permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 2 points 2 days ago Its nice to see the turn around in comments here. When the RNC happened and harmeet million was praying to vishnu, people here would vehemently attack anyone who called it out. Same they did for anyone saying having a vishnu first lady isnt ideal either permalink parent award report block reply Ur2sm4rt 2 points 2 days ago You don't watch sports or somethings? Music stars are the same thing too. All is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Sports and music is a wholly different category.  That's like saying "whether you believe world war 1 happened or not is just like sports." permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 2 days ago Here's a "god" from poop...seriously. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 1 points 1 day ago Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Points to Warhammer 40k and how the Astarte's creed is now a rallying cry for GenZ . permalink parent award report block reply load 85 more comments... patrioticwinning3 5 points 2 days ago Kali Ma!' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6_2Uy5jKEo permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 5 points 2 days ago POOP IN THE RIVER!!! 💩💩🌊 permalink parent award report block reply FBJ_WoodChipper 1 points 2 days ago I have nothing against the jeet religions. They are free to worship whoever they want Its really just the filthy way in which they conduct themselves, its not fit for civilized life. Desecrating everywhere they go, smelling like shit, polluting every natural resource they can find. Why are rivers and lakes in America Europe and even China so clean but even a small lake in india isnt spared from being turned into an open sewer with people literally shitting in it. The simple fact is the British tried civilizing these mongoloid degenerates but as soon as the Brits left, these fuckwits went back straight into their shit hole. The glory days of the indian civilization are all in the past. Today India is nothing but a land of filth, where everyone fights endless war against each other for even the smallest resource from the moment they are born till they die permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 5 points 2 days ago Gods of cow shit and piss permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago They treat cow dung and urine like it's gold. They smear it on themselves and over their heads and squish it on their faces. It truly is a religion of filth. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 16 hours ago They eat it too. Just saw a video of some poopjeet making a cow-dung burrito today. 🤮 permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 4 points 1 day ago Their "gods" are literal demons. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 41 points 2 days ago They literally make more up as they go along. And take them seriously. Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Do indians not know that worshipping fake gods is a bad idea? Wow. Biblical Christianity is true and there is evidence, unlike hinduism. Prove me wrong! permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 20 points 2 days ago IIRC they believe that all the "gods" they talk about are just aspects of the same being. Similar to the Holy Trinity in Christianity of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. That "part of the whole" thing is where the similarity ends, however. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago Then they are making up new parts. Not Biblical at all. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 14 points 2 days ago Since they use a completely different holy book, that goes without saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 30 more comments... WhatUCan 2 points 2 days ago Yes they remember what God promised them and they have twisted it becuase demons permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Tigrboy1 -4 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... FatigueIsReal -11 points 2 days ago I mean... the trinity isn't biblical either.  It was a made up new part. Not sure if you want to go down that path.  lol permalink parent award report block reply view 17 more comments... Glory-Unto-God 1 points 1 day ago Much like humans are soul mind and body. We are in ourselves a trinity. The body broken but soul and mind intact. The mind destroyed but the body and soul are trapped. The soul flayed but the body and mind keep going. The trinity is us in God's image just as the lord is an unbreakable whole. We do not share his perfection but do mirror these aspects. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 1 day ago So they keep cutting up, and dividing their God? Seems pretty brutal to me. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 day ago I don't know if I would characterize it as "cutting up their god" any more than pointing out that a person can be a father, a brother, a husband, and a soldier all at once without "cutting them up." Each is a different role with different responsibilities but they are all held by and all refer to the same person. As I understand it, that is. permalink parent award report block reply HaSumBro -21 points 2 days ago The Trinity is satanic and anti-christ also... Jesus was only man and trinitarians ignore Jesus' words True worshipers will worship the Father permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 13 points 2 days ago I and my Father are one, seems pretty to be a claim to be divine. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago They will worship God. Why do you refuse to accept that God's Nature is BIGGER than you claim? You belittle the Father by insisting His Nature is a mere one person, like that of a human. Not Three Persons. God is UNIQUE. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... PoopJeet 3 points 2 days ago This is actually not a difficult concept to get a quick read on. God: Father, Son, Holy Spirit Man: Mind, Body, Spirit Matter: Solid, Liquid, Gas Time: past, present, future Space: length, width, height permalink parent award report block reply Leucophylla12 6 points 2 days ago Pajeets scamming each other? Shocking permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 2 points 2 days ago Its nice to see the turn around in comments here. When the RNC happened and harmeet million was praying to vishnu, people here would vehemently attack anyone who called it out. Same they did for anyone saying having a vishnu first lady isnt ideal either permalink parent award report block reply Ur2sm4rt 2 points 2 days ago You don't watch sports or somethings? Music stars are the same thing too. All is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Sports and music is a wholly different category.  That's like saying "whether you believe world war 1 happened or not is just like sports." permalink parent award report block reply justinkayz 1 points 2 days ago Here's a "god" from poop...seriously. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 1 points 1 day ago Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Points to Warhammer 40k and how the Astarte's creed is now a rallying cry for GenZ . permalink parent award report block reply load 85 more comments...
TGNX 20 points 2 days ago IIRC they believe that all the "gods" they talk about are just aspects of the same being. Similar to the Holy Trinity in Christianity of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. That "part of the whole" thing is where the similarity ends, however. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago Then they are making up new parts. Not Biblical at all. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 14 points 2 days ago Since they use a completely different holy book, that goes without saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 30 more comments... WhatUCan 2 points 2 days ago Yes they remember what God promised them and they have twisted it becuase demons permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Tigrboy1 -4 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... FatigueIsReal -11 points 2 days ago I mean... the trinity isn't biblical either.  It was a made up new part. Not sure if you want to go down that path.  lol permalink parent award report block reply view 17 more comments... Glory-Unto-God 1 points 1 day ago Much like humans are soul mind and body. We are in ourselves a trinity. The body broken but soul and mind intact. The mind destroyed but the body and soul are trapped. The soul flayed but the body and mind keep going. The trinity is us in God's image just as the lord is an unbreakable whole. We do not share his perfection but do mirror these aspects. permalink parent award report block reply MAGABOND 1 points 1 day ago So they keep cutting up, and dividing their God? Seems pretty brutal to me. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 day ago I don't know if I would characterize it as "cutting up their god" any more than pointing out that a person can be a father, a brother, a husband, and a soldier all at once without "cutting them up." Each is a different role with different responsibilities but they are all held by and all refer to the same person. As I understand it, that is. permalink parent award report block reply HaSumBro -21 points 2 days ago The Trinity is satanic and anti-christ also... Jesus was only man and trinitarians ignore Jesus' words True worshipers will worship the Father permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 13 points 2 days ago I and my Father are one, seems pretty to be a claim to be divine. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago They will worship God. Why do you refuse to accept that God's Nature is BIGGER than you claim? You belittle the Father by insisting His Nature is a mere one person, like that of a human. Not Three Persons. God is UNIQUE. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... PoopJeet 3 points 2 days ago This is actually not a difficult concept to get a quick read on. God: Father, Son, Holy Spirit Man: Mind, Body, Spirit Matter: Solid, Liquid, Gas Time: past, present, future Space: length, width, height permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago Then they are making up new parts. Not Biblical at all. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 14 points 2 days ago Since they use a completely different holy book, that goes without saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 30 more comments... WhatUCan 2 points 2 days ago Yes they remember what God promised them and they have twisted it becuase demons permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Tigrboy1 -4 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... FatigueIsReal -11 points 2 days ago I mean... the trinity isn't biblical either.  It was a made up new part. Not sure if you want to go down that path.  lol permalink parent award report block reply view 17 more comments...
TGNX 14 points 2 days ago Since they use a completely different holy book, that goes without saying. permalink parent award report block reply view 30 more comments...
WhatUCan 2 points 2 days ago Yes they remember what God promised them and they have twisted it becuase demons permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments...
Tigrboy1 -4 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments...
FatigueIsReal -11 points 2 days ago I mean... the trinity isn't biblical either.  It was a made up new part. Not sure if you want to go down that path.  lol permalink parent award report block reply view 17 more comments...
Glory-Unto-God 1 points 1 day ago Much like humans are soul mind and body. We are in ourselves a trinity. The body broken but soul and mind intact. The mind destroyed but the body and soul are trapped. The soul flayed but the body and mind keep going. The trinity is us in God's image just as the lord is an unbreakable whole. We do not share his perfection but do mirror these aspects. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGABOND 1 points 1 day ago So they keep cutting up, and dividing their God? Seems pretty brutal to me. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 1 day ago I don't know if I would characterize it as "cutting up their god" any more than pointing out that a person can be a father, a brother, a husband, and a soldier all at once without "cutting them up." Each is a different role with different responsibilities but they are all held by and all refer to the same person. As I understand it, that is. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 1 points 1 day ago I don't know if I would characterize it as "cutting up their god" any more than pointing out that a person can be a father, a brother, a husband, and a soldier all at once without "cutting them up." Each is a different role with different responsibilities but they are all held by and all refer to the same person. As I understand it, that is. permalink parent award report block reply
HaSumBro -21 points 2 days ago The Trinity is satanic and anti-christ also... Jesus was only man and trinitarians ignore Jesus' words True worshipers will worship the Father permalink parent award report block reply 3-10 13 points 2 days ago I and my Father are one, seems pretty to be a claim to be divine. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago They will worship God. Why do you refuse to accept that God's Nature is BIGGER than you claim? You belittle the Father by insisting His Nature is a mere one person, like that of a human. Not Three Persons. God is UNIQUE. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... PoopJeet 3 points 2 days ago This is actually not a difficult concept to get a quick read on. God: Father, Son, Holy Spirit Man: Mind, Body, Spirit Matter: Solid, Liquid, Gas Time: past, present, future Space: length, width, height permalink parent award report block reply
3-10 13 points 2 days ago I and my Father are one, seems pretty to be a claim to be divine. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago They will worship God. Why do you refuse to accept that God's Nature is BIGGER than you claim? You belittle the Father by insisting His Nature is a mere one person, like that of a human. Not Three Persons. God is UNIQUE. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
PoopJeet 3 points 2 days ago This is actually not a difficult concept to get a quick read on. God: Father, Son, Holy Spirit Man: Mind, Body, Spirit Matter: Solid, Liquid, Gas Time: past, present, future Space: length, width, height permalink parent award report block reply
Leucophylla12 6 points 2 days ago Pajeets scamming each other? Shocking permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 2 points 2 days ago Its nice to see the turn around in comments here. When the RNC happened and harmeet million was praying to vishnu, people here would vehemently attack anyone who called it out. Same they did for anyone saying having a vishnu first lady isnt ideal either permalink parent award report block reply
Kingoftheroad 2 points 2 days ago Its nice to see the turn around in comments here. When the RNC happened and harmeet million was praying to vishnu, people here would vehemently attack anyone who called it out. Same they did for anyone saying having a vishnu first lady isnt ideal either permalink parent award report block reply
Ur2sm4rt 2 points 2 days ago You don't watch sports or somethings? Music stars are the same thing too. All is wrong. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Sports and music is a wholly different category.  That's like saying "whether you believe world war 1 happened or not is just like sports." permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Sports and music is a wholly different category.  That's like saying "whether you believe world war 1 happened or not is just like sports." permalink parent award report block reply
justinkayz 1 points 2 days ago Here's a "god" from poop...seriously. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WsPZC1-TLo permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 1 points 1 day ago Why do people just make gods up and others decide to worship them? Points to Warhammer 40k and how the Astarte's creed is now a rallying cry for GenZ . permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 5 points 2 days ago Kali Ma!' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6_2Uy5jKEo permalink parent award report block reply
AfrikaanerBoer 5 points 2 days ago POOP IN THE RIVER!!! 💩💩🌊 permalink parent award report block reply FBJ_WoodChipper 1 points 2 days ago I have nothing against the jeet religions. They are free to worship whoever they want Its really just the filthy way in which they conduct themselves, its not fit for civilized life. Desecrating everywhere they go, smelling like shit, polluting every natural resource they can find. Why are rivers and lakes in America Europe and even China so clean but even a small lake in india isnt spared from being turned into an open sewer with people literally shitting in it. The simple fact is the British tried civilizing these mongoloid degenerates but as soon as the Brits left, these fuckwits went back straight into their shit hole. The glory days of the indian civilization are all in the past. Today India is nothing but a land of filth, where everyone fights endless war against each other for even the smallest resource from the moment they are born till they die permalink parent award report block reply
FBJ_WoodChipper 1 points 2 days ago I have nothing against the jeet religions. They are free to worship whoever they want Its really just the filthy way in which they conduct themselves, its not fit for civilized life. Desecrating everywhere they go, smelling like shit, polluting every natural resource they can find. Why are rivers and lakes in America Europe and even China so clean but even a small lake in india isnt spared from being turned into an open sewer with people literally shitting in it. The simple fact is the British tried civilizing these mongoloid degenerates but as soon as the Brits left, these fuckwits went back straight into their shit hole. The glory days of the indian civilization are all in the past. Today India is nothing but a land of filth, where everyone fights endless war against each other for even the smallest resource from the moment they are born till they die permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 5 points 2 days ago Gods of cow shit and piss permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago They treat cow dung and urine like it's gold. They smear it on themselves and over their heads and squish it on their faces. It truly is a religion of filth. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 16 hours ago They eat it too. Just saw a video of some poopjeet making a cow-dung burrito today. 🤮 permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago They treat cow dung and urine like it's gold. They smear it on themselves and over their heads and squish it on their faces. It truly is a religion of filth. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 16 hours ago They eat it too. Just saw a video of some poopjeet making a cow-dung burrito today. 🤮 permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 2 points 16 hours ago They eat it too. Just saw a video of some poopjeet making a cow-dung burrito today. 🤮 permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 4 points 1 day ago Their "gods" are literal demons. permalink parent award report block reply
TooBright 28 points 2 days ago Apu never did any of this shit. Wokies fucked up getting rid of him. The reality of the situation is out in the open now. permalink award report block reply possibletower 7 points 2 days ago Apu was not a nutty Hindu. These are the Satanic insane Hindus. Kind of like how Christians have nutty cults who are really Satanic fronts like the ones who worship trannies and grooming of children. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 28 points 2 days ago Any church with female pastors and gay flags in front is not a Christian church permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -11 points 2 days ago Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot. That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 2 days ago LOL what? I made a simple observation. The Bible says no gay stuff. So a gay church isn't a real Bible-following church permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Not on planet Earth. Satanists believe in Jesus and God and hate them, instead worshiping the fallen one with the bizarre belief that a failed angel can somehow dethrone the Creator of Everything. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 2 points 1 day ago no, Jesus said you must be born again.  That is more than saying i believe in Jesus.  The devil believes in Jesus. John 3:1-21
English Standard Version
You Must Be Born Again
3 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. 2 This man came to Jesus[a] by night and said to him, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him.” 3 Jesus answered him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.” 4 Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” 5 Jesus answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. 6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You[d] must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” 9 Nicodemus said to him, “How can these things be?” 10 Jesus answered him, “Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things? 11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony. 12 If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things? 13 permalink parent award report block reply PegasoSeiya 1 points 1 day ago “believe” doesn’t mean “to know he existed”. It means to have faith in Jesus, or more precisely, “to be faithful To Jesus”.  Which means following and teaching his commands and understanding that our morals should stem from
His, and we should NEVER project our personal moral code into him. Which is what the woke churches love to do permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: Book of 1st Corinthians Ch. 15 KJV ‐----------- Yes you are so right. there is also a hierarchy of rewards in the afterlife, however, for faithfulness in believers and hard working believers, for honorable believers and dishonorable believers also permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago AKA Lukewarm "Christians" who don't believe or follow the Bible. permalink parent award report block reply Righteous -2 points 2 days ago you sound like a potential jew. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 2 days ago And you sound like a faggot who likes to get DAPed by two shemale Christian preachers Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who says So an illegal alien who says "I follow every single U.S. law" is correct in his claim? how it works You have to genuinely believe it. If you do, you will act accordingly, and behave Biblically, instead of sinfully like earlier. The Christian will sin less, get better, and grow closer to God, if he really means it. God will know if you believe or not. If say you follow US law, and you believe that you are, and your actio s show it, you are. yes? permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?' 1st Peter 4:17 KJV believers are supposed to judge every believer; believers are required to judge gay preachers, for example, and if they don't.. then God judges them. if you want that verse I can provide that one too permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 7 points 2 days ago Apu was not a nutty Hindu. These are the Satanic insane Hindus. Kind of like how Christians have nutty cults who are really Satanic fronts like the ones who worship trannies and grooming of children. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 28 points 2 days ago Any church with female pastors and gay flags in front is not a Christian church permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -11 points 2 days ago Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot. That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 2 days ago LOL what? I made a simple observation. The Bible says no gay stuff. So a gay church isn't a real Bible-following church permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Not on planet Earth. Satanists believe in Jesus and God and hate them, instead worshiping the fallen one with the bizarre belief that a failed angel can somehow dethrone the Creator of Everything. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 2 points 1 day ago no, Jesus said you must be born again.  That is more than saying i believe in Jesus.  The devil believes in Jesus. John 3:1-21
English Standard Version
You Must Be Born Again
3 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. 2 This man came to Jesus[a] by night and said to him, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him.” 3 Jesus answered him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.” 4 Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” 5 Jesus answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. 6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You[d] must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” 9 Nicodemus said to him, “How can these things be?” 10 Jesus answered him, “Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things? 11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony. 12 If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things? 13 permalink parent award report block reply PegasoSeiya 1 points 1 day ago “believe” doesn’t mean “to know he existed”. It means to have faith in Jesus, or more precisely, “to be faithful To Jesus”.  Which means following and teaching his commands and understanding that our morals should stem from
His, and we should NEVER project our personal moral code into him. Which is what the woke churches love to do permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: Book of 1st Corinthians Ch. 15 KJV ‐----------- Yes you are so right. there is also a hierarchy of rewards in the afterlife, however, for faithfulness in believers and hard working believers, for honorable believers and dishonorable believers also permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago AKA Lukewarm "Christians" who don't believe or follow the Bible. permalink parent award report block reply Righteous -2 points 2 days ago you sound like a potential jew. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 2 days ago And you sound like a faggot who likes to get DAPed by two shemale Christian preachers Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who says So an illegal alien who says "I follow every single U.S. law" is correct in his claim? how it works You have to genuinely believe it. If you do, you will act accordingly, and behave Biblically, instead of sinfully like earlier. The Christian will sin less, get better, and grow closer to God, if he really means it. God will know if you believe or not. If say you follow US law, and you believe that you are, and your actio s show it, you are. yes? permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?' 1st Peter 4:17 KJV believers are supposed to judge every believer; believers are required to judge gay preachers, for example, and if they don't.. then God judges them. if you want that verse I can provide that one too permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 28 points 2 days ago Any church with female pastors and gay flags in front is not a Christian church permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -11 points 2 days ago Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot. That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 2 days ago LOL what? I made a simple observation. The Bible says no gay stuff. So a gay church isn't a real Bible-following church permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Not on planet Earth. Satanists believe in Jesus and God and hate them, instead worshiping the fallen one with the bizarre belief that a failed angel can somehow dethrone the Creator of Everything. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 2 points 1 day ago no, Jesus said you must be born again.  That is more than saying i believe in Jesus.  The devil believes in Jesus. John 3:1-21
English Standard Version
You Must Be Born Again
3 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. 2 This man came to Jesus[a] by night and said to him, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him.” 3 Jesus answered him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.” 4 Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” 5 Jesus answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. 6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You[d] must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” 9 Nicodemus said to him, “How can these things be?” 10 Jesus answered him, “Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things? 11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony. 12 If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things? 13 permalink parent award report block reply PegasoSeiya 1 points 1 day ago “believe” doesn’t mean “to know he existed”. It means to have faith in Jesus, or more precisely, “to be faithful To Jesus”.  Which means following and teaching his commands and understanding that our morals should stem from
His, and we should NEVER project our personal moral code into him. Which is what the woke churches love to do permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: Book of 1st Corinthians Ch. 15 KJV ‐----------- Yes you are so right. there is also a hierarchy of rewards in the afterlife, however, for faithfulness in believers and hard working believers, for honorable believers and dishonorable believers also permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -11 points 2 days ago Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot. That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 2 days ago LOL what? I made a simple observation. The Bible says no gay stuff. So a gay church isn't a real Bible-following church permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Not on planet Earth. Satanists believe in Jesus and God and hate them, instead worshiping the fallen one with the bizarre belief that a failed angel can somehow dethrone the Creator of Everything. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 2 points 1 day ago no, Jesus said you must be born again.  That is more than saying i believe in Jesus.  The devil believes in Jesus. John 3:1-21
English Standard Version
You Must Be Born Again
3 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. 2 This man came to Jesus[a] by night and said to him, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him.” 3 Jesus answered him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.” 4 Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” 5 Jesus answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. 6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You[d] must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” 9 Nicodemus said to him, “How can these things be?” 10 Jesus answered him, “Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things? 11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony. 12 If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things? 13 permalink parent award report block reply PegasoSeiya 1 points 1 day ago “believe” doesn’t mean “to know he existed”. It means to have faith in Jesus, or more precisely, “to be faithful To Jesus”.  Which means following and teaching his commands and understanding that our morals should stem from
His, and we should NEVER project our personal moral code into him. Which is what the woke churches love to do permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: Book of 1st Corinthians Ch. 15 KJV ‐----------- Yes you are so right. there is also a hierarchy of rewards in the afterlife, however, for faithfulness in believers and hard working believers, for honorable believers and dishonorable believers also permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 5 points 2 days ago LOL what? I made a simple observation. The Bible says no gay stuff. So a gay church isn't a real Bible-following church permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Not on planet Earth. Satanists believe in Jesus and God and hate them, instead worshiping the fallen one with the bizarre belief that a failed angel can somehow dethrone the Creator of Everything. permalink parent award report block reply
Freedom2020 2 points 1 day ago no, Jesus said you must be born again.  That is more than saying i believe in Jesus.  The devil believes in Jesus. John 3:1-21
English Standard Version
You Must Be Born Again
3 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. 2 This man came to Jesus[a] by night and said to him, “Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him.” 3 Jesus answered him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.” 4 Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?” 5 Jesus answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. 6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 7 Do not marvel that I said to you, ‘You[d] must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” 9 Nicodemus said to him, “How can these things be?” 10 Jesus answered him, “Are you the teacher of Israel and yet you do not understand these things? 11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony. 12 If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things? 13 permalink parent award report block reply
PegasoSeiya 1 points 1 day ago “believe” doesn’t mean “to know he existed”. It means to have faith in Jesus, or more precisely, “to be faithful To Jesus”.  Which means following and teaching his commands and understanding that our morals should stem from
His, and we should NEVER project our personal moral code into him. Which is what the woke churches love to do permalink parent award report block reply
Female 1 points 1 day ago 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: Book of 1st Corinthians Ch. 15 KJV ‐----------- Yes you are so right. there is also a hierarchy of rewards in the afterlife, however, for faithfulness in believers and hard working believers, for honorable believers and dishonorable believers also permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 6 points 2 days ago AKA Lukewarm "Christians" who don't believe or follow the Bible. permalink parent award report block reply
Righteous -2 points 2 days ago you sound like a potential jew. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -5 points 2 days ago And you sound like a faggot who likes to get DAPed by two shemale Christian preachers Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who says So an illegal alien who says "I follow every single U.S. law" is correct in his claim? how it works You have to genuinely believe it. If you do, you will act accordingly, and behave Biblically, instead of sinfully like earlier. The Christian will sin less, get better, and grow closer to God, if he really means it. God will know if you believe or not. If say you follow US law, and you believe that you are, and your actio s show it, you are. yes? permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?' 1st Peter 4:17 KJV believers are supposed to judge every believer; believers are required to judge gay preachers, for example, and if they don't.. then God judges them. if you want that verse I can provide that one too permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 2 days ago And you sound like a faggot who likes to get DAPed by two shemale Christian preachers Anybody who says "I believe in Jesus and God" are Christians. No refunds, faggot That's how that Christianity shit works, right, faggot? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who says So an illegal alien who says "I follow every single U.S. law" is correct in his claim? how it works You have to genuinely believe it. If you do, you will act accordingly, and behave Biblically, instead of sinfully like earlier. The Christian will sin less, get better, and grow closer to God, if he really means it. God will know if you believe or not. If say you follow US law, and you believe that you are, and your actio s show it, you are. yes? permalink parent award report block reply Female 1 points 1 day ago 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?' 1st Peter 4:17 KJV believers are supposed to judge every believer; believers are required to judge gay preachers, for example, and if they don't.. then God judges them. if you want that verse I can provide that one too permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who says So an illegal alien who says "I follow every single U.S. law" is correct in his claim? how it works You have to genuinely believe it. If you do, you will act accordingly, and behave Biblically, instead of sinfully like earlier. The Christian will sin less, get better, and grow closer to God, if he really means it. God will know if you believe or not. If say you follow US law, and you believe that you are, and your actio s show it, you are. yes? permalink parent award report block reply
Female 1 points 1 day ago 'For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?' 1st Peter 4:17 KJV believers are supposed to judge every believer; believers are required to judge gay preachers, for example, and if they don't.. then God judges them. if you want that verse I can provide that one too permalink parent award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 21 points 2 days ago "For all the gods of the Gentiles are devils: but the Lord made the heavens." Psalm 96:5 permalink award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 9 points 2 days ago That is a great verse, but I would like to point out that the word devils is more of a mistranslation. The Hebrew word used is eliylim (אֱלִילִים) which means idols or worthless things in the plural form. I do believe that it was the Douay-Rheims Bible, the Brenton Septuagint Translation, and the Catholic Public Domain Bible that said devils or demons in place of the word idols. The word for devils would be satan or ha-satan (שָׂטַן, הַשָּׂטָן). permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago Of course. The douay rheims. The catholics cannot help themselves to mess with things. Makes sense, given they believe unBiblical things. permalink parent award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 4 points 2 days ago One could say that if you worship idols, you also worship Satan, but it would be linguistically incorrect to use devils in place of idols in this verse. The verse is conveying that the gods of Gentiles are nothing more than futility and nothing of any substance, has no meaning or significance, etc. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago Totally correct! permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 1 points 2 days ago The catholics compiled the bible, and martin luther removed 7 books. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago catholics compiled Which of them claimed purgatory was factual? removed Citation needed. And they were omitted, not removed. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
GunsWithGooglyEyes 9 points 2 days ago That is a great verse, but I would like to point out that the word devils is more of a mistranslation. The Hebrew word used is eliylim (אֱלִילִים) which means idols or worthless things in the plural form. I do believe that it was the Douay-Rheims Bible, the Brenton Septuagint Translation, and the Catholic Public Domain Bible that said devils or demons in place of the word idols. The word for devils would be satan or ha-satan (שָׂטַן, הַשָּׂטָן). permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago Of course. The douay rheims. The catholics cannot help themselves to mess with things. Makes sense, given they believe unBiblical things. permalink parent award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 4 points 2 days ago One could say that if you worship idols, you also worship Satan, but it would be linguistically incorrect to use devils in place of idols in this verse. The verse is conveying that the gods of Gentiles are nothing more than futility and nothing of any substance, has no meaning or significance, etc. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago Totally correct! permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 1 points 2 days ago The catholics compiled the bible, and martin luther removed 7 books. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago catholics compiled Which of them claimed purgatory was factual? removed Citation needed. And they were omitted, not removed. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 2 days ago Of course. The douay rheims. The catholics cannot help themselves to mess with things. Makes sense, given they believe unBiblical things. permalink parent award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes 4 points 2 days ago One could say that if you worship idols, you also worship Satan, but it would be linguistically incorrect to use devils in place of idols in this verse. The verse is conveying that the gods of Gentiles are nothing more than futility and nothing of any substance, has no meaning or significance, etc. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago Totally correct! permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 1 points 2 days ago The catholics compiled the bible, and martin luther removed 7 books. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago catholics compiled Which of them claimed purgatory was factual? removed Citation needed. And they were omitted, not removed. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
GunsWithGooglyEyes 4 points 2 days ago One could say that if you worship idols, you also worship Satan, but it would be linguistically incorrect to use devils in place of idols in this verse. The verse is conveying that the gods of Gentiles are nothing more than futility and nothing of any substance, has no meaning or significance, etc. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago Totally correct! permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago Totally correct! permalink parent award report block reply
ShittySFDev 1 points 2 days ago The catholics compiled the bible, and martin luther removed 7 books. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago catholics compiled Which of them claimed purgatory was factual? removed Citation needed. And they were omitted, not removed. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago catholics compiled Which of them claimed purgatory was factual? removed Citation needed. And they were omitted, not removed. permalink parent award report block reply view 16 more comments...
MAGA_NRG 17 points 2 days ago Any religion that doesn't say Christ is the only way to salvation is satanic. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 8 points 2 days ago That dangerously diminishes the reality of satanism. There are non-Christian religions who don't seek to do harm and even though they are not Christian, they are also not satanic. Save the word satanic for the truly demonic. Like Islam or commies or actual Luciferians. permalink parent award report block reply FuckJBiden 4 points 2 days ago Oooh, like the Mormons. Just be a really nice person and you’ll get your own planet permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Mormons are an odd bunch. Their version of Christianity is kooky, but the few Mormons I've met have been extremely decent, patriotic and kind people. But also odd. I'm sure there are plenty of shitty Mormons like Mitt Romney too, I just had a limited, but very good experience. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago I think Glen Beck is Mormon. I like Glen Beck and his hour long chalkboard explanations that delve into whacky and strange, kinda like a Dan Brown novel being revealed on a chalkboard. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago Mormons are the “home school kids” of the 80’s. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who is not saved by Christ is knowingly or unknowingly worshiping satan. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Or the flying spaghettti monster, don’t leave him out. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Which non-Christian religions don't have dangerous or harmful beliefs? permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 0 points 1 day ago As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world and of the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit who is now at work in those who are disobedient.-Ephsians 2:1 permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago This is exactly my biggest criticism of Christianity. Christopher Hitchens once presented an argument that in Christianity a Nazi  guard that killed Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. Hitchens had religious scholars in knots with that argument. Christianity tries to bribe you by forgiving your sins in the same way Islam tries to bribe you with 72 virgins and everlasting orgasms in heaven. Both are different sides to the same coin. Organized religion is the biggest farce man has created and has resulted in more death and mayhem throughout history than any other cause. It continues to do so as for laymen it devolves into my team is better than yours. Organized religion is a tool created by men to wield power by invoking God. If you want evil, it is organized religion. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 4 points 2 days ago First of all, it's not about this present world, it's about the coming eternal world. This existence is a fart in the wind. Second, why do you think the Jewish baby went to hell? We dont know what happens to babies, only God knows. Thirdly, true Christianity is not "organized religion". Something like catholicism is organized religion. Christianity is believing in Jesus and repenting of your sins. That's it. And yes, if the nazi genuinely repented he would be saved like it or not. We are here in this present time for that reason. Nothing else in this world matters. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 8 points 2 days ago That dangerously diminishes the reality of satanism. There are non-Christian religions who don't seek to do harm and even though they are not Christian, they are also not satanic. Save the word satanic for the truly demonic. Like Islam or commies or actual Luciferians. permalink parent award report block reply FuckJBiden 4 points 2 days ago Oooh, like the Mormons. Just be a really nice person and you’ll get your own planet permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Mormons are an odd bunch. Their version of Christianity is kooky, but the few Mormons I've met have been extremely decent, patriotic and kind people. But also odd. I'm sure there are plenty of shitty Mormons like Mitt Romney too, I just had a limited, but very good experience. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago I think Glen Beck is Mormon. I like Glen Beck and his hour long chalkboard explanations that delve into whacky and strange, kinda like a Dan Brown novel being revealed on a chalkboard. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago Mormons are the “home school kids” of the 80’s. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who is not saved by Christ is knowingly or unknowingly worshiping satan. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Or the flying spaghettti monster, don’t leave him out. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Which non-Christian religions don't have dangerous or harmful beliefs? permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 0 points 1 day ago As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world and of the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit who is now at work in those who are disobedient.-Ephsians 2:1 permalink parent award report block reply
FuckJBiden 4 points 2 days ago Oooh, like the Mormons. Just be a really nice person and you’ll get your own planet permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Mormons are an odd bunch. Their version of Christianity is kooky, but the few Mormons I've met have been extremely decent, patriotic and kind people. But also odd. I'm sure there are plenty of shitty Mormons like Mitt Romney too, I just had a limited, but very good experience. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago I think Glen Beck is Mormon. I like Glen Beck and his hour long chalkboard explanations that delve into whacky and strange, kinda like a Dan Brown novel being revealed on a chalkboard. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago Mormons are the “home school kids” of the 80’s. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 4 points 2 days ago Mormons are an odd bunch. Their version of Christianity is kooky, but the few Mormons I've met have been extremely decent, patriotic and kind people. But also odd. I'm sure there are plenty of shitty Mormons like Mitt Romney too, I just had a limited, but very good experience. permalink parent award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago I think Glen Beck is Mormon. I like Glen Beck and his hour long chalkboard explanations that delve into whacky and strange, kinda like a Dan Brown novel being revealed on a chalkboard. permalink parent award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago Mormons are the “home school kids” of the 80’s. permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 3 points 2 days ago I think Glen Beck is Mormon. I like Glen Beck and his hour long chalkboard explanations that delve into whacky and strange, kinda like a Dan Brown novel being revealed on a chalkboard. permalink parent award report block reply
Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago Mormons are the “home school kids” of the 80’s. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_NRG 2 points 2 days ago Anyone who is not saved by Christ is knowingly or unknowingly worshiping satan. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Or the flying spaghettti monster, don’t leave him out. permalink parent award report block reply
Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Or the flying spaghettti monster, don’t leave him out. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Which non-Christian religions don't have dangerous or harmful beliefs? permalink parent award report block reply
Freedom2020 0 points 1 day ago As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world and of the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit who is now at work in those who are disobedient.-Ephsians 2:1 permalink parent award report block reply
Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago This is exactly my biggest criticism of Christianity. Christopher Hitchens once presented an argument that in Christianity a Nazi  guard that killed Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. Hitchens had religious scholars in knots with that argument. Christianity tries to bribe you by forgiving your sins in the same way Islam tries to bribe you with 72 virgins and everlasting orgasms in heaven. Both are different sides to the same coin. Organized religion is the biggest farce man has created and has resulted in more death and mayhem throughout history than any other cause. It continues to do so as for laymen it devolves into my team is better than yours. Organized religion is a tool created by men to wield power by invoking God. If you want evil, it is organized religion. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 4 points 2 days ago First of all, it's not about this present world, it's about the coming eternal world. This existence is a fart in the wind. Second, why do you think the Jewish baby went to hell? We dont know what happens to babies, only God knows. Thirdly, true Christianity is not "organized religion". Something like catholicism is organized religion. Christianity is believing in Jesus and repenting of your sins. That's it. And yes, if the nazi genuinely repented he would be saved like it or not. We are here in this present time for that reason. Nothing else in this world matters. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_NRG 4 points 2 days ago First of all, it's not about this present world, it's about the coming eternal world. This existence is a fart in the wind. Second, why do you think the Jewish baby went to hell? We dont know what happens to babies, only God knows. Thirdly, true Christianity is not "organized religion". Something like catholicism is organized religion. Christianity is believing in Jesus and repenting of your sins. That's it. And yes, if the nazi genuinely repented he would be saved like it or not. We are here in this present time for that reason. Nothing else in this world matters. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 15 points 2 days ago Winter_bow_huntress 13 points 2 days ago Jeremy wade from river monsters tested that water and it came back as basically sewage lol permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 4 points 2 days ago Um, pretty obvious why the water is brown.  Indians stepped into it. permalink parent award report block reply
Winter_bow_huntress 13 points 2 days ago Jeremy wade from river monsters tested that water and it came back as basically sewage lol permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 4 points 2 days ago Um, pretty obvious why the water is brown.  Indians stepped into it. permalink parent award report block reply
MediumBase 7 points 2 days ago I don't care what religion someone follows. I really don't. When someone, anyone, tells me I can't worship my own? Then, there's a problem. I also have a problem with someone, anyone, hiding behind religion as a reason to be disloyal to our Constitutional Republic. If their faith calls on them to destroy this country? They need to go worship somewhere else. And if they bear arms against us? We defend ourselves. permalink award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 7 points 2 days ago Why do so many of your posts come from a Rumble channel with seven followers? permalink award report block reply madeaprofilejustforu 5 points 2 days ago So fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro -1 points 2 days ago Seriously, it really has turned into shit permalink parent award report block reply
madeaprofilejustforu 5 points 2 days ago So fucking gay. permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro -1 points 2 days ago Seriously, it really has turned into shit permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro -1 points 2 days ago Seriously, it really has turned into shit permalink parent award report block reply
FuckJBiden 3 points 2 days ago But why are they in the town’s toilet? permalink award report block reply
madeaprofilejustforu 3 points 2 days ago Being fake and gay is satanic no matter what form it takes. Who the fuck cares about Hinduism? L sticky. permalink award report block reply
SpellingContable 2 points 2 days ago I see India have the same modern dating problems as the west. permalink award report block reply
madeaprofilejustforu 2 points 2 days ago Get this gay ass sticky off front page what the fuck is wrong with you people? permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Not everyone is a gay phaggote like you, son. permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago Not everyone is a gay phaggote like you, son. permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 2 points 2 days ago Yup. And allll those new agers who do yoga and kundalini shit all have serious ENTITIES, aka demons possessing them. Stay far the fuck away from 'tantra', 'transcendental meditation', and all of that crap. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 5 points 2 days ago There's a big difference between yoga as a physical exercise and meditation as a mental exercise in the West vs. Hindu religious rituals that invoke their gods. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago If you want to do physical exercise, then just do some fucking exercise. Don't attune to new age demonic hindu bullshit. Ever hear of stretching? Fuck the yoga part and stretch if you're tight for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply clocker23 1 points 2 days ago There's nothing wrong with stretching and deep breathing, that's a natural, healthy part of exercise.  Hindus don't own that. Technically, laying on your back is a yoga pose (Savasana) and everyone's done that. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch permalink parent award report block reply clocker23 0 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. You think you have to be an Indian to do yoga? Weird. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch You know what's what yoga is, right? Breathing and stretching exercises. I'm guessing you do neither of those. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 0 points 1 day ago If you want to stretch and exercise then fucking stretch and exercise. Don't call it "yoga" you fucking idiot. Would you call it "Falung-Gong"? Or just "yoga" because you're an indoctrinated boomer faggot? permalink parent award report block reply GunsWithGooglyEyes -3 points 2 days ago Correct. Kundalini and yoga are ways to use your body as an antenna for demon possession and demon worship. It's why I cringe so much when I see video clips of Pentecostal churches where the "pastor" touches someone and they convulse and spas out. It's the same Hindu garbage with a Christianity label on it. It's spiritual alright, but it's more of the false deceiving kind of spiritual, where they think it's ok to play with demons and call it "signs and wonders of God". permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 5 points 2 days ago There's a big difference between yoga as a physical exercise and meditation as a mental exercise in the West vs. Hindu religious rituals that invoke their gods. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago If you want to do physical exercise, then just do some fucking exercise. Don't attune to new age demonic hindu bullshit. Ever hear of stretching? Fuck the yoga part and stretch if you're tight for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago If you want to do physical exercise, then just do some fucking exercise. Don't attune to new age demonic hindu bullshit. Ever hear of stretching? Fuck the yoga part and stretch if you're tight for fucks sake permalink parent award report block reply
clocker23 1 points 2 days ago There's nothing wrong with stretching and deep breathing, that's a natural, healthy part of exercise.  Hindus don't own that. Technically, laying on your back is a yoga pose (Savasana) and everyone's done that. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch permalink parent award report block reply clocker23 0 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. You think you have to be an Indian to do yoga? Weird. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch You know what's what yoga is, right? Breathing and stretching exercises. I'm guessing you do neither of those. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 0 points 1 day ago If you want to stretch and exercise then fucking stretch and exercise. Don't call it "yoga" you fucking idiot. Would you call it "Falung-Gong"? Or just "yoga" because you're an indoctrinated boomer faggot? permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster -1 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch permalink parent award report block reply clocker23 0 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. You think you have to be an Indian to do yoga? Weird. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch You know what's what yoga is, right? Breathing and stretching exercises. I'm guessing you do neither of those. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 0 points 1 day ago If you want to stretch and exercise then fucking stretch and exercise. Don't call it "yoga" you fucking idiot. Would you call it "Falung-Gong"? Or just "yoga" because you're an indoctrinated boomer faggot? permalink parent award report block reply
clocker23 0 points 1 day ago Fuck off pajeet. You think you have to be an Indian to do yoga? Weird. If you want to stretch then fucking stretch You know what's what yoga is, right? Breathing and stretching exercises. I'm guessing you do neither of those. permalink parent award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 0 points 1 day ago If you want to stretch and exercise then fucking stretch and exercise. Don't call it "yoga" you fucking idiot. Would you call it "Falung-Gong"? Or just "yoga" because you're an indoctrinated boomer faggot? permalink parent award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 0 points 1 day ago If you want to stretch and exercise then fucking stretch and exercise. Don't call it "yoga" you fucking idiot. Would you call it "Falung-Gong"? Or just "yoga" because you're an indoctrinated boomer faggot? permalink parent award report block reply
GunsWithGooglyEyes -3 points 2 days ago Correct. Kundalini and yoga are ways to use your body as an antenna for demon possession and demon worship. It's why I cringe so much when I see video clips of Pentecostal churches where the "pastor" touches someone and they convulse and spas out. It's the same Hindu garbage with a Christianity label on it. It's spiritual alright, but it's more of the false deceiving kind of spiritual, where they think it's ok to play with demons and call it "signs and wonders of God". permalink parent award report block reply
hillaryforprison 2 points 2 days ago Some of their temples have extremely violent art work, showing creatures pulling the guts out of people. Sick stuff. permalink award report block reply Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago They should stick to happy stuff like nails through people. permalink parent award report block reply
Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago They should stick to happy stuff like nails through people. permalink parent award report block reply
Kingofkek 2 points 2 days ago Sometimes posts like this make me think the left is correct when they say we’re bigoted and closed minded. It’s not ”satanic” just because it’s scary and you don’t understand it. permalink award report block reply TheRPatriot 12 points 2 days ago Indians literally have poop intertwined with their culture…. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Satan is big into poop? I mean it’s “on brand,” but …? permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago Cow dung was used as a source of fire and building materials. It’s not the same as human poop with harmful pathogens because cow has multiple stomachs and the dung is literally plant matter (assuming they are fed plant matter and not meat). So in Indian villages it is still used as fuel and is more efficient than going and cutting trees for firewood. permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 6 points 2 days ago Actually, it is. Any religion that goes against the word of God is Luciferian by definition. God created the beings that created these religions. They rebelled against Him, just as Lucifer did. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 2 days ago By definition? What definition is that? permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago The Inquisitor’s Definition of The Official Word Of Christ The God, and all other definitions must be violently vanquished from the earth and our homes. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago All infidels must die. Am I right? permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 1 points 1 day ago Who said that? Certainly not Jesus. What I said is simply an acknowledgment that we live in a fallen world. permalink parent award report block reply Joseyep 4 points 2 days ago That stuff is demonic brother lol if ain’t worshipping God it’s demonic permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 0 points 2 days ago Just like Jesus said, “if you ain’t into my thing, you’re demonic!” permalink parent award report block reply Joseyep 2 points 2 days ago Yep, he sure did. You worship something else he doesn’t know you permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Elaborate please. permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 3 points 2 days ago Found the jeet. I have a pile of cow shit in my field if you want it. permalink parent award report block reply Kingofkek 0 points 1 day ago Try again retard. You don’t have to be Indian to not be completely ignorant of one of the worlds oldest cultures permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 1 points 1 day ago Yeet the jeet mods. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Should say contra-Biblical. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
TheRPatriot 12 points 2 days ago Indians literally have poop intertwined with their culture…. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Satan is big into poop? I mean it’s “on brand,” but …? permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago Cow dung was used as a source of fire and building materials. It’s not the same as human poop with harmful pathogens because cow has multiple stomachs and the dung is literally plant matter (assuming they are fed plant matter and not meat). So in Indian villages it is still used as fuel and is more efficient than going and cutting trees for firewood. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob 3 points 2 days ago Satan is big into poop? I mean it’s “on brand,” but …? permalink parent award report block reply
Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago Cow dung was used as a source of fire and building materials. It’s not the same as human poop with harmful pathogens because cow has multiple stomachs and the dung is literally plant matter (assuming they are fed plant matter and not meat). So in Indian villages it is still used as fuel and is more efficient than going and cutting trees for firewood. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 6 points 2 days ago Actually, it is. Any religion that goes against the word of God is Luciferian by definition. God created the beings that created these religions. They rebelled against Him, just as Lucifer did. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 2 days ago By definition? What definition is that? permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago The Inquisitor’s Definition of The Official Word Of Christ The God, and all other definitions must be violently vanquished from the earth and our homes. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago All infidels must die. Am I right? permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 1 points 1 day ago Who said that? Certainly not Jesus. What I said is simply an acknowledgment that we live in a fallen world. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 2 days ago By definition? What definition is that? permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 2 days ago The Inquisitor’s Definition of The Official Word Of Christ The God, and all other definitions must be violently vanquished from the earth and our homes. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob 1 points 2 days ago The Inquisitor’s Definition of The Official Word Of Christ The God, and all other definitions must be violently vanquished from the earth and our homes. permalink parent award report block reply
Viduus_maga 0 points 2 days ago All infidels must die. Am I right? permalink parent award report block reply Decepticons-superior 1 points 1 day ago Who said that? Certainly not Jesus. What I said is simply an acknowledgment that we live in a fallen world. permalink parent award report block reply
Decepticons-superior 1 points 1 day ago Who said that? Certainly not Jesus. What I said is simply an acknowledgment that we live in a fallen world. permalink parent award report block reply
Joseyep 4 points 2 days ago That stuff is demonic brother lol if ain’t worshipping God it’s demonic permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 0 points 2 days ago Just like Jesus said, “if you ain’t into my thing, you’re demonic!” permalink parent award report block reply Joseyep 2 points 2 days ago Yep, he sure did. You worship something else he doesn’t know you permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Elaborate please. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob 0 points 2 days ago Just like Jesus said, “if you ain’t into my thing, you’re demonic!” permalink parent award report block reply Joseyep 2 points 2 days ago Yep, he sure did. You worship something else he doesn’t know you permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Elaborate please. permalink parent award report block reply
Joseyep 2 points 2 days ago Yep, he sure did. You worship something else he doesn’t know you permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Elaborate please. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Elaborate please. permalink parent award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 3 points 2 days ago Found the jeet. I have a pile of cow shit in my field if you want it. permalink parent award report block reply Kingofkek 0 points 1 day ago Try again retard. You don’t have to be Indian to not be completely ignorant of one of the worlds oldest cultures permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 1 points 1 day ago Yeet the jeet mods. permalink parent award report block reply
Kingofkek 0 points 1 day ago Try again retard. You don’t have to be Indian to not be completely ignorant of one of the worlds oldest cultures permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 1 points 1 day ago Yeet the jeet mods. permalink parent award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 1 points 1 day ago Yeet the jeet mods. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Should say contra-Biblical. permalink parent award report block reply
Songofsixpence 1 points 2 days ago Is that the shit river that has backlophage or some shit where it is so loaded with shit it actually spins back around and heals some people? permalink award report block reply PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago Bacteriophages, which have the ability to kill bacteria that usually require antibiotics in humans. It’s one of those things where there will be a medication in 2050 that you could technically trace back to it, but never for any kind of wide adoption or use. Case in point, you will never utilize a bacteriophage. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Why not? It seems like just the thing to counter antibiotic resistant bacteria. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 3 points 2 days ago People have been saying that for half a century. It’ll take that long for this to actually move past research and development. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Assuming it doesn't just cure the disease and not treat it. A patient cured is a customer lost. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Get all the woke, DEI, and contraBiblical worldviews out and mabye we can shave a decade or five off that. We got NUCLEAR BOMB tech in only 1940's. Why didn't we take longer????? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
PensivePatriot 2 points 2 days ago Bacteriophages, which have the ability to kill bacteria that usually require antibiotics in humans. It’s one of those things where there will be a medication in 2050 that you could technically trace back to it, but never for any kind of wide adoption or use. Case in point, you will never utilize a bacteriophage. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Why not? It seems like just the thing to counter antibiotic resistant bacteria. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 3 points 2 days ago People have been saying that for half a century. It’ll take that long for this to actually move past research and development. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Assuming it doesn't just cure the disease and not treat it. A patient cured is a customer lost. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Get all the woke, DEI, and contraBiblical worldviews out and mabye we can shave a decade or five off that. We got NUCLEAR BOMB tech in only 1940's. Why didn't we take longer????? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Why not? It seems like just the thing to counter antibiotic resistant bacteria. permalink parent award report block reply PensivePatriot 3 points 2 days ago People have been saying that for half a century. It’ll take that long for this to actually move past research and development. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Assuming it doesn't just cure the disease and not treat it. A patient cured is a customer lost. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Get all the woke, DEI, and contraBiblical worldviews out and mabye we can shave a decade or five off that. We got NUCLEAR BOMB tech in only 1940's. Why didn't we take longer????? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
PensivePatriot 3 points 2 days ago People have been saying that for half a century. It’ll take that long for this to actually move past research and development. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Assuming it doesn't just cure the disease and not treat it. A patient cured is a customer lost. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Get all the woke, DEI, and contraBiblical worldviews out and mabye we can shave a decade or five off that. We got NUCLEAR BOMB tech in only 1940's. Why didn't we take longer????? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TGNX 2 points 2 days ago Assuming it doesn't just cure the disease and not treat it. A patient cured is a customer lost. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Get all the woke, DEI, and contraBiblical worldviews out and mabye we can shave a decade or five off that. We got NUCLEAR BOMB tech in only 1940's. Why didn't we take longer????? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago All non Christian religions are satanic permalink award report block reply
KEK_1776_KEK 1 points 2 days ago Good Gods, the stench. permalink award report block reply
shatmaself 1 points 2 days ago Somehow, this seems related (also women acting strangely): https://scored.co/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9irlzz/ permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 1 day ago Hate to break it to you all but alot of the other religions have altered Hindu beliefs and gods over time. Krishna/Christ story is one that will get downvotes here. I didn't like it either but it is what it is. Old world beliefs had to be altered because they suck. Christianity is still the best religion I have seen in my lifetime, despite knowing what Christmas really is, it's my favorite holiday and I still celebrate it. Who doesn't like presents and Home Alone on repeat? permalink award report block reply
TexasBeer 1 points 2 days ago You’re an impression of what you worship. Hindus worship animals, they behave like animals. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 5 points 2 days ago Now do atheists, who think we came from ape like creatures. OOGA BOOGA!! permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 -2 points 2 days ago Hinduism is not a religion in the same way US constitution in not a religion. It discusses moral dilemmas and provides guidelines so society has a moral and ethical compass. You are free to believe in Jesus in Hinduism or can be an atheist. It encourages to seek your own truth. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 5 points 2 days ago Now do atheists, who think we came from ape like creatures. OOGA BOOGA!! permalink parent award report block reply
Tigrboy1 -2 points 2 days ago Hinduism is not a religion in the same way US constitution in not a religion. It discusses moral dilemmas and provides guidelines so society has a moral and ethical compass. You are free to believe in Jesus in Hinduism or can be an atheist. It encourages to seek your own truth. permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Didn't trump just do some Diwali retardation? permalink award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 2 days ago Diwali has been celebrated in the White House for over 40 yrs at this stage tbh. Trump wasn't the first. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 3 points 2 days ago Diwali has been celebrated in the White House for over 40 yrs at this stage tbh. Trump wasn't the first. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago “You.. don't believe me? You will Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer. ” permalink award report block reply
Porkchop-express 1 points 2 days ago That’s just bacteria 🦠 eating her brain. permalink award report block reply
YT45 1 points 2 days ago Is that the same river they shit in? permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 2 days ago yup, that’s the one permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 3 points 2 days ago yup, that’s the one permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard 1 points 2 days ago Future first lady. permalink award report block reply
RyanKeyOh 1 points 2 days ago Why are we importing this permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 1 points 2 days ago Heathen religion is satanic. More at 11. permalink award report block reply
BrookieDragon 1 points 2 days ago Let's be honest, I've crossed worse laying on the streets while walking through San Diego and Seattle. I'm sure Chicago, Detroit, and a lot of others are all the same. permalink award report block reply
Chungus53 1 points 2 days ago in India You know what, I'm fine with that. Send them all over there. Once they're not our problem, it doesn't matter what they do. permalink award report block reply
Pissonit 1 points 2 days ago That's the sewer.....💩💩💩🤮 permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 1 day ago Pagan. Which is a realler form of the same thing . permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago This is a cleansing of sins ritual and men do it too.  It's similar to baptism in Christianity. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago It is contra-Biblical. Their religion is fake, and there is evidence to prove it. It is idolatry , so it is sin. Why defend it? permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 5 points 2 days ago He isn't "defending it." He's saying how it is superficially similar, and how they use it. Stop being butthurt. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 2 days ago stop being (emotional) My comment doesn't imply emotion. Seems like projection. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago Didn't say "emotional," I said butthurt. Someone mentioned something about another religion that wasn't instantly derogatory or hateful, and you couldn't wait to shit on the religion and crow about how yours is the bestest. Your comment didn't imply emotion, your comment's source was emotion. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 2 days ago Hello, I wrote what the symbolism to water cleansing and purification similarity is.  Do I look like I have 10 hands, no I don't.    Hinduism, I enjoy it, the poetry, the Bhagavad Gita, literature, the dancing, it's fun.  Who the fuck are you to say it's a sin.  Sue me.  I found my goddess in Hindu. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Thanks for the input. I have plenty of questions. I enjoy it It is fun, mabye. But is it true or not? I can read superman comics, but do I believe them? to say it's a sin? I wish it wasn't a sin either. But I didn't come up with that opinion. I found my goddess Please explain your journey! #CharlieKirk permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago There are some gifts in every religion known that I interpret and take from that to understand my spiritual journey.  I'm not devoted to those as I am to Love.  If I put all the religions together, a bit of knowledge from here and there, defines Love and God, and how we are one, not separate.  This divine love, yes, those women jumping in a muddy river for comes from Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply Contra_Bombarde 2 points 2 days ago The same kind of "water cleansing" that goes on in the Yamuna and Ganges rivers? Both of which are unspeakably contaminated with feces and decomposing corpses? Face it, Hinduism is filthy, and the more it tries to desperately "cleanse" itself, it grows filthier still. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Funny, and Christianity didn’t rip off Gilgamesh. Have your faith but allow others to have their own too. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago didn't rip off Gilgamesh Correct. Noah's Ark was an actual ship, but gilgamesh had a bulky wooden box that couldn't survive. The box boat was made up by imaginers. On the other hand, God Himself, the Ultimate Engineer, directed Noah to construct of a great ship that did its job well. It was amazingly built. allow others Of course I am. I just want to seek which ones are objectively true. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago And how much Zoastrinism made it into the New Testament? Seems Christianity did a whole lot of borrowing from the religions this thread is so afraid of. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Tigrboy1 -1 points 2 days ago You can argue Christianity is fake. In Christianity, a nazi guard who burned Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. This argument was forwarded by Christopher Hitchens and he tied religious scholars in knots who tried to explain it away. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago So is yours. Shut the fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago If it was, why has Biblical Christianity claimed zero lives, while atheism did millions? Also, emotion comment. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You cant prove God exists can you. You are just one step above these people. Time to grow the fuck up and stop believing in fairy tale stories. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MAGA_NRG 1 points 2 days ago Except baptism doesn't cleanse sins. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago It is contra-Biblical. Their religion is fake, and there is evidence to prove it. It is idolatry , so it is sin. Why defend it? permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 5 points 2 days ago He isn't "defending it." He's saying how it is superficially similar, and how they use it. Stop being butthurt. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 2 days ago stop being (emotional) My comment doesn't imply emotion. Seems like projection. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago Didn't say "emotional," I said butthurt. Someone mentioned something about another religion that wasn't instantly derogatory or hateful, and you couldn't wait to shit on the religion and crow about how yours is the bestest. Your comment didn't imply emotion, your comment's source was emotion. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 2 days ago Hello, I wrote what the symbolism to water cleansing and purification similarity is.  Do I look like I have 10 hands, no I don't.    Hinduism, I enjoy it, the poetry, the Bhagavad Gita, literature, the dancing, it's fun.  Who the fuck are you to say it's a sin.  Sue me.  I found my goddess in Hindu. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Thanks for the input. I have plenty of questions. I enjoy it It is fun, mabye. But is it true or not? I can read superman comics, but do I believe them? to say it's a sin? I wish it wasn't a sin either. But I didn't come up with that opinion. I found my goddess Please explain your journey! #CharlieKirk permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago There are some gifts in every religion known that I interpret and take from that to understand my spiritual journey.  I'm not devoted to those as I am to Love.  If I put all the religions together, a bit of knowledge from here and there, defines Love and God, and how we are one, not separate.  This divine love, yes, those women jumping in a muddy river for comes from Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply Contra_Bombarde 2 points 2 days ago The same kind of "water cleansing" that goes on in the Yamuna and Ganges rivers? Both of which are unspeakably contaminated with feces and decomposing corpses? Face it, Hinduism is filthy, and the more it tries to desperately "cleanse" itself, it grows filthier still. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Funny, and Christianity didn’t rip off Gilgamesh. Have your faith but allow others to have their own too. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago didn't rip off Gilgamesh Correct. Noah's Ark was an actual ship, but gilgamesh had a bulky wooden box that couldn't survive. The box boat was made up by imaginers. On the other hand, God Himself, the Ultimate Engineer, directed Noah to construct of a great ship that did its job well. It was amazingly built. allow others Of course I am. I just want to seek which ones are objectively true. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago And how much Zoastrinism made it into the New Testament? Seems Christianity did a whole lot of borrowing from the religions this thread is so afraid of. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Tigrboy1 -1 points 2 days ago You can argue Christianity is fake. In Christianity, a nazi guard who burned Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. This argument was forwarded by Christopher Hitchens and he tied religious scholars in knots who tried to explain it away. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago So is yours. Shut the fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago If it was, why has Biblical Christianity claimed zero lives, while atheism did millions? Also, emotion comment. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You cant prove God exists can you. You are just one step above these people. Time to grow the fuck up and stop believing in fairy tale stories. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TGNX 5 points 2 days ago He isn't "defending it." He's saying how it is superficially similar, and how they use it. Stop being butthurt. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 2 days ago stop being (emotional) My comment doesn't imply emotion. Seems like projection. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago Didn't say "emotional," I said butthurt. Someone mentioned something about another religion that wasn't instantly derogatory or hateful, and you couldn't wait to shit on the religion and crow about how yours is the bestest. Your comment didn't imply emotion, your comment's source was emotion. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 2 days ago stop being (emotional) My comment doesn't imply emotion. Seems like projection. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago Didn't say "emotional," I said butthurt. Someone mentioned something about another religion that wasn't instantly derogatory or hateful, and you couldn't wait to shit on the religion and crow about how yours is the bestest. Your comment didn't imply emotion, your comment's source was emotion. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TGNX 1 points 2 days ago Didn't say "emotional," I said butthurt. Someone mentioned something about another religion that wasn't instantly derogatory or hateful, and you couldn't wait to shit on the religion and crow about how yours is the bestest. Your comment didn't imply emotion, your comment's source was emotion. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 2 days ago Hello, I wrote what the symbolism to water cleansing and purification similarity is.  Do I look like I have 10 hands, no I don't.    Hinduism, I enjoy it, the poetry, the Bhagavad Gita, literature, the dancing, it's fun.  Who the fuck are you to say it's a sin.  Sue me.  I found my goddess in Hindu. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Thanks for the input. I have plenty of questions. I enjoy it It is fun, mabye. But is it true or not? I can read superman comics, but do I believe them? to say it's a sin? I wish it wasn't a sin either. But I didn't come up with that opinion. I found my goddess Please explain your journey! #CharlieKirk permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago There are some gifts in every religion known that I interpret and take from that to understand my spiritual journey.  I'm not devoted to those as I am to Love.  If I put all the religions together, a bit of knowledge from here and there, defines Love and God, and how we are one, not separate.  This divine love, yes, those women jumping in a muddy river for comes from Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply Contra_Bombarde 2 points 2 days ago The same kind of "water cleansing" that goes on in the Yamuna and Ganges rivers? Both of which are unspeakably contaminated with feces and decomposing corpses? Face it, Hinduism is filthy, and the more it tries to desperately "cleanse" itself, it grows filthier still. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Thanks for the input. I have plenty of questions. I enjoy it It is fun, mabye. But is it true or not? I can read superman comics, but do I believe them? to say it's a sin? I wish it wasn't a sin either. But I didn't come up with that opinion. I found my goddess Please explain your journey! #CharlieKirk permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago There are some gifts in every religion known that I interpret and take from that to understand my spiritual journey.  I'm not devoted to those as I am to Love.  If I put all the religions together, a bit of knowledge from here and there, defines Love and God, and how we are one, not separate.  This divine love, yes, those women jumping in a muddy river for comes from Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 2 days ago There are some gifts in every religion known that I interpret and take from that to understand my spiritual journey.  I'm not devoted to those as I am to Love.  If I put all the religions together, a bit of knowledge from here and there, defines Love and God, and how we are one, not separate.  This divine love, yes, those women jumping in a muddy river for comes from Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply
Contra_Bombarde 2 points 2 days ago The same kind of "water cleansing" that goes on in the Yamuna and Ganges rivers? Both of which are unspeakably contaminated with feces and decomposing corpses? Face it, Hinduism is filthy, and the more it tries to desperately "cleanse" itself, it grows filthier still. permalink parent award report block reply
Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago Funny, and Christianity didn’t rip off Gilgamesh. Have your faith but allow others to have their own too. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago didn't rip off Gilgamesh Correct. Noah's Ark was an actual ship, but gilgamesh had a bulky wooden box that couldn't survive. The box boat was made up by imaginers. On the other hand, God Himself, the Ultimate Engineer, directed Noah to construct of a great ship that did its job well. It was amazingly built. allow others Of course I am. I just want to seek which ones are objectively true. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago And how much Zoastrinism made it into the New Testament? Seems Christianity did a whole lot of borrowing from the religions this thread is so afraid of. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago didn't rip off Gilgamesh Correct. Noah's Ark was an actual ship, but gilgamesh had a bulky wooden box that couldn't survive. The box boat was made up by imaginers. On the other hand, God Himself, the Ultimate Engineer, directed Noah to construct of a great ship that did its job well. It was amazingly built. allow others Of course I am. I just want to seek which ones are objectively true. permalink parent award report block reply Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago And how much Zoastrinism made it into the New Testament? Seems Christianity did a whole lot of borrowing from the religions this thread is so afraid of. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Viduus_maga 1 points 2 days ago And how much Zoastrinism made it into the New Testament? Seems Christianity did a whole lot of borrowing from the religions this thread is so afraid of. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Tigrboy1 -1 points 2 days ago You can argue Christianity is fake. In Christianity, a nazi guard who burned Jewish babies can go to heaven if he accepts Jesus as his lord and savior and that Jewish baby goes to hell. This argument was forwarded by Christopher Hitchens and he tied religious scholars in knots who tried to explain it away. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago So is yours. Shut the fuck up. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago If it was, why has Biblical Christianity claimed zero lives, while atheism did millions? Also, emotion comment. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You cant prove God exists can you. You are just one step above these people. Time to grow the fuck up and stop believing in fairy tale stories. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago If it was, why has Biblical Christianity claimed zero lives, while atheism did millions? Also, emotion comment. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You cant prove God exists can you. You are just one step above these people. Time to grow the fuck up and stop believing in fairy tale stories. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You cant prove God exists can you. You are just one step above these people. Time to grow the fuck up and stop believing in fairy tale stories. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MAGA_NRG 1 points 2 days ago Except baptism doesn't cleanse sins. permalink parent award report block reply
LLP2 1 points 2 days ago Anyone worshipping "trans" gods is evil. permalink award report block reply
HeavenlyTrumpets 1 points 2 days ago yes it is permalink award report block reply
MidwestNotMideast 1 points 1 day ago Christians and Buddhists are the best we have to offer and I really wish it was ALL we had to offer permalink award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 1 points 2 days ago So much CULTURE!!! permalink award report block reply
Tellman125 1 points 2 days ago No, that's just what happens to anyone in the world after 2 days without being online. permalink award report block reply
Tellman125 0 points 2 days ago Still a million times better than Islam. She and all those other women can show their hair and their arms and legs in public. permalink award report block reply
DenturesNancy 0 points 2 days ago they look nothing like the beautiful bitches in bollywood movies permalink award report block reply
Headline_Correction 0 points 2 days ago ignorant, you dont know anything about what youre looking at permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 0 points 2 days ago paging EPA edit: oh, in India. isn’t that normal? permalink award report block reply
moscowjade -1 points 2 days ago That diarrhea is no joke permalink award report block reply
FatigueIsReal -1 points 2 days ago lol I swear some old lady from the Bible belt wrote this headline. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Point being...? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago "Anything I don't recognize is Satan.  Even people that don't know who or what Satan is." Its a good laugh to watch it happen in real time. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago This reads as autism. Just because something isn't "satanic", SPECIFICALLY, doesn't mean it's not sinful. This is like a leftist claiming Trump's words are lies just because they're not 100% flawlessly perfect on all technicalities. You are nitpicking. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago It's like calling shaving "Satanic" because the bible has words on how men should grow their beards. Same energy. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Point being...? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago "Anything I don't recognize is Satan.  Even people that don't know who or what Satan is." Its a good laugh to watch it happen in real time. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago This reads as autism. Just because something isn't "satanic", SPECIFICALLY, doesn't mean it's not sinful. This is like a leftist claiming Trump's words are lies just because they're not 100% flawlessly perfect on all technicalities. You are nitpicking. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago It's like calling shaving "Satanic" because the bible has words on how men should grow their beards. Same energy. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago "Anything I don't recognize is Satan.  Even people that don't know who or what Satan is." Its a good laugh to watch it happen in real time. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago This reads as autism. Just because something isn't "satanic", SPECIFICALLY, doesn't mean it's not sinful. This is like a leftist claiming Trump's words are lies just because they're not 100% flawlessly perfect on all technicalities. You are nitpicking. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago It's like calling shaving "Satanic" because the bible has words on how men should grow their beards. Same energy. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago This reads as autism. Just because something isn't "satanic", SPECIFICALLY, doesn't mean it's not sinful. This is like a leftist claiming Trump's words are lies just because they're not 100% flawlessly perfect on all technicalities. You are nitpicking. permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 1 points 2 days ago It's like calling shaving "Satanic" because the bible has words on how men should grow their beards. Same energy. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TGNX 1 points 2 days ago It's like calling shaving "Satanic" because the bible has words on how men should grow their beards. Same energy. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
roarkh1777 -2 points 2 days ago Being an atheist, this warms my heart :) Let religions tear each other to pieces. You attack them They attack you. Back and forth..while I watch with popcorn. Christians against Islam. Islam against Christians. Both against Zionist Jews. Zionist Jews against everyone.
Hindus and Buddhists were so far out of the mix. But now lets get them in too . Get every religion based on ancient gossip and tales and works of fiction into the mix! Eventually everyone will perish for religion. Or everyone will come to a realization - that there is no God. Not as you imagine it.  Its just a nice man made fantasy based on really fantastic tales, works of fiction, and a desire to have a big daddy watching out for you. Otherwise your life has no meaning. No purpose :) hahahaha. :)  Enjoy! permalink award report block reply x79q3pb 4 points 2 days ago Gosh you're so edgy and cool. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Not a rebuttal. Charlie Kirk was a Christian, which is why he was smart and an arguer. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago No it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago you agree with the coment? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... SenorTrumper 2 points 2 days ago https://media.scored.co/post/BAalre0VhPXH.jpeg permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago I believe in higher intelligence to make my life have meaning, but feel exactly the same way as you about religion and fantasy land. To be truth, I am still seeking answers about higher power or if there is one. Sometimes, I feel strongly about one, other times I am not sure. I like to be optimistic, so I like to believe there is something after death. However, I don’t impose my views on others and don’t care for others imposing their views on mine. It’s fascinating though to see people so taken by all the fantasyland. It’s essentially my Superman can beat your Batman permalink parent award report block reply roarkh1777 1 points 1 day ago The higher intelligence exists. However, me telling you won't help. You'll have to experience it yourself to know for sure. Its kind of like the matrix. No one can tell you what it is. You have to "See" it for yourself. And then you'll not need to believe anyone. Any fantasy, any fairy-tale, any "Trust me bro". You'll have known it, and there would be no going back. Also, I didn't mean I'm an atheist like marx, or any other of the garden variety atheists, so I wanted to clarify myself. My word choice of Atheist was wrong. Consciousness exists. Godliness exists. And as long as you go deeper into discovering it, you'll be making progress. There is no beginning. There will never be an end. permalink parent award report block reply Tigrboy1 -2 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply
x79q3pb 4 points 2 days ago Gosh you're so edgy and cool. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Not a rebuttal. Charlie Kirk was a Christian, which is why he was smart and an arguer. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago No it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago you agree with the coment? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Not a rebuttal. Charlie Kirk was a Christian, which is why he was smart and an arguer. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago No it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago you agree with the coment? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
SenorTrumper 1 points 2 days ago No it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago you agree with the coment? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago you agree with the coment? permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
SenorTrumper 2 points 2 days ago https://media.scored.co/post/BAalre0VhPXH.jpeg permalink parent award report block reply
Tigrboy1 1 points 2 days ago I believe in higher intelligence to make my life have meaning, but feel exactly the same way as you about religion and fantasy land. To be truth, I am still seeking answers about higher power or if there is one. Sometimes, I feel strongly about one, other times I am not sure. I like to be optimistic, so I like to believe there is something after death. However, I don’t impose my views on others and don’t care for others imposing their views on mine. It’s fascinating though to see people so taken by all the fantasyland. It’s essentially my Superman can beat your Batman permalink parent award report block reply roarkh1777 1 points 1 day ago The higher intelligence exists. However, me telling you won't help. You'll have to experience it yourself to know for sure. Its kind of like the matrix. No one can tell you what it is. You have to "See" it for yourself. And then you'll not need to believe anyone. Any fantasy, any fairy-tale, any "Trust me bro". You'll have known it, and there would be no going back. Also, I didn't mean I'm an atheist like marx, or any other of the garden variety atheists, so I wanted to clarify myself. My word choice of Atheist was wrong. Consciousness exists. Godliness exists. And as long as you go deeper into discovering it, you'll be making progress. There is no beginning. There will never be an end. permalink parent award report block reply
roarkh1777 1 points 1 day ago The higher intelligence exists. However, me telling you won't help. You'll have to experience it yourself to know for sure. Its kind of like the matrix. No one can tell you what it is. You have to "See" it for yourself. And then you'll not need to believe anyone. Any fantasy, any fairy-tale, any "Trust me bro". You'll have known it, and there would be no going back. Also, I didn't mean I'm an atheist like marx, or any other of the garden variety atheists, so I wanted to clarify myself. My word choice of Atheist was wrong. Consciousness exists. Godliness exists. And as long as you go deeper into discovering it, you'll be making progress. There is no beginning. There will never be an end. permalink parent award report block reply
Tigrboy1 -2 points 2 days ago Hinduism or Sanatan Dharma is not a religion but a way of life. It says that there are many ways to God and he can be called various names. You can be an atheist and be a Hindu and reach salvation by being a Karm yogi (which means you can dedicate yourself to your good work…dedicated worker) and reach salvation. It doesn’t have egoistic proclamation of Abrahamic religions like Christianity that proclaim you are doomed to hell if you don’t accept Jesus as your lord and Savior. It doesn’t try to convert anyone and is tolerant of all religions because that is basis of its tenets. People try to associate a lot of cultural customs to Hinduism when they don’t have anything to do with Hinduism, like genetic basis of caste, sati etc. Hinduism encourages you to seek the truth yourself rather than have everything revealed to you in a book like Quran or Bible which was written by bunch of priests or mullahs with their own motivations. I find organized religions to be a scam and a way to control people by invoking God. It devolves to my team is better than yours and has caused more killings and mayhem throughout history ( and continues to do so) than any other cause in history. Organized religions are a fraud. Go seek your own truth and meditate. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver -2 points 2 days ago Is that why muslims slaughter them??  To protect the world? permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 19 points 2 days ago Muslims slaughter everything permalink parent award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago Muslims are wonkru.  You are wonkru ... or you are an ENEMY of wonkru.  Choose! permalink parent award report block reply Greenspikefrog 0 points 2 days ago Technically no… Muslims during the Yazidi Genocide could take the Yazidi as sex slaves and convert them because they are not of the Books aka Christians or Jews… Look into it.
And it’s the Shia Wahhabism that leads to jihads and slaughtering it all. The people praying in Christian church yards and streets all Shia.  Look it up. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 3 points 2 days ago Yazidi are Christians and they slaughtered all the men after taking then into the mountains permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 13 points 2 days ago No, the Mohammadans slaughter them for the same reason they slaughter Christians- we don't bow to their wishes.  The enemy of my enemy is NOT my friend, he is my enemy's enemy.  No more, no less. permalink parent award report block reply Metriz77 10 points 2 days ago Muslims and protect world do not belong in the same sentence bro. permalink parent award report block reply stjimmy92 6 points 2 days ago Unless we’re discussing how best to protect the world from Muslims permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 19 points 2 days ago Muslims slaughter everything permalink parent award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago Muslims are wonkru.  You are wonkru ... or you are an ENEMY of wonkru.  Choose! permalink parent award report block reply Greenspikefrog 0 points 2 days ago Technically no… Muslims during the Yazidi Genocide could take the Yazidi as sex slaves and convert them because they are not of the Books aka Christians or Jews… Look into it.
And it’s the Shia Wahhabism that leads to jihads and slaughtering it all. The people praying in Christian church yards and streets all Shia.  Look it up. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 3 points 2 days ago Yazidi are Christians and they slaughtered all the men after taking then into the mountains permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago Muslims are wonkru.  You are wonkru ... or you are an ENEMY of wonkru.  Choose! permalink parent award report block reply
Greenspikefrog 0 points 2 days ago Technically no… Muslims during the Yazidi Genocide could take the Yazidi as sex slaves and convert them because they are not of the Books aka Christians or Jews… Look into it.
And it’s the Shia Wahhabism that leads to jihads and slaughtering it all. The people praying in Christian church yards and streets all Shia.  Look it up. permalink parent award report block reply Johnkimble111 3 points 2 days ago Yazidi are Christians and they slaughtered all the men after taking then into the mountains permalink parent award report block reply
Johnkimble111 3 points 2 days ago Yazidi are Christians and they slaughtered all the men after taking then into the mountains permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 13 points 2 days ago No, the Mohammadans slaughter them for the same reason they slaughter Christians- we don't bow to their wishes.  The enemy of my enemy is NOT my friend, he is my enemy's enemy.  No more, no less. permalink parent award report block reply
Metriz77 10 points 2 days ago Muslims and protect world do not belong in the same sentence bro. permalink parent award report block reply stjimmy92 6 points 2 days ago Unless we’re discussing how best to protect the world from Muslims permalink parent award report block reply
stjimmy92 6 points 2 days ago Unless we’re discussing how best to protect the world from Muslims permalink parent award report block reply
Seatacjoe 2 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
DeltaSierra -1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago So you say the post is wrong. Ok. Do you know why it is wrong, though? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -2 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply asdrubael_was_right 2 points 2 days ago No one likes a bad mood. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago off track How so? Making America great again involves certain cultural and ideological aspects. Everyone has a worldview, and not all worldviews make a country great. Hinduism has not made its country great. Yes or No? leftist shill How is he supporting democrats? Demonrats are atheists, mostly. Or pagans and wiccans. worst light After the left got Charlie killed? Why bow to their wishes? Also, far more scathing posts are made here, but THIS is what you want to focus on? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago So you say the post is wrong. Ok. Do you know why it is wrong, though? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -2 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply asdrubael_was_right 2 points 2 days ago No one likes a bad mood. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago off track How so? Making America great again involves certain cultural and ideological aspects. Everyone has a worldview, and not all worldviews make a country great. Hinduism has not made its country great. Yes or No? leftist shill How is he supporting democrats? Demonrats are atheists, mostly. Or pagans and wiccans. worst light After the left got Charlie killed? Why bow to their wishes? Also, far more scathing posts are made here, but THIS is what you want to focus on? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DeltaSierra -2 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply asdrubael_was_right 2 points 2 days ago No one likes a bad mood. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago off track How so? Making America great again involves certain cultural and ideological aspects. Everyone has a worldview, and not all worldviews make a country great. Hinduism has not made its country great. Yes or No? leftist shill How is he supporting democrats? Demonrats are atheists, mostly. Or pagans and wiccans. worst light After the left got Charlie killed? Why bow to their wishes? Also, far more scathing posts are made here, but THIS is what you want to focus on? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
asdrubael_was_right 2 points 2 days ago No one likes a bad mood. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago off track How so? Making America great again involves certain cultural and ideological aspects. Everyone has a worldview, and not all worldviews make a country great. Hinduism has not made its country great. Yes or No? leftist shill How is he supporting democrats? Demonrats are atheists, mostly. Or pagans and wiccans. worst light After the left got Charlie killed? Why bow to their wishes? Also, far more scathing posts are made here, but THIS is what you want to focus on? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DeltaSierra 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DeltaSierra -2 points 1 day ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago Oh yeah, and I have a 500,000 mile-long spaceship with a rail cannon. Nice try, but no. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 1 day ago So what is the fukin point of the thread ahole… it is totally anti-American to trash people for religious beliefs … fukin American haters permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago trash people Massive strawman. No one is trashing anyone, except you.  "Ahole", etc. What IS the true worldview, in your view? If everyone else's is false, bring yours to the table. Did man emerge from ape creatures or something? What? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 1 day ago The true worldview is to live in a civil society which values its assets which are not all pale white Protestants. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago Oh yeah, and I have a 500,000 mile-long spaceship with a rail cannon. Nice try, but no. permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 1 day ago So what is the fukin point of the thread ahole… it is totally anti-American to trash people for religious beliefs … fukin American haters permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago trash people Massive strawman. No one is trashing anyone, except you.  "Ahole", etc. What IS the true worldview, in your view? If everyone else's is false, bring yours to the table. Did man emerge from ape creatures or something? What? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 1 day ago The true worldview is to live in a civil society which values its assets which are not all pale white Protestants. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DeltaSierra 1 points 1 day ago So what is the fukin point of the thread ahole… it is totally anti-American to trash people for religious beliefs … fukin American haters permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago trash people Massive strawman. No one is trashing anyone, except you.  "Ahole", etc. What IS the true worldview, in your view? If everyone else's is false, bring yours to the table. Did man emerge from ape creatures or something? What? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 1 day ago The true worldview is to live in a civil society which values its assets which are not all pale white Protestants. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 1 day ago trash people Massive strawman. No one is trashing anyone, except you.  "Ahole", etc. What IS the true worldview, in your view? If everyone else's is false, bring yours to the table. Did man emerge from ape creatures or something? What? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 0 points 1 day ago The true worldview is to live in a civil society which values its assets which are not all pale white Protestants. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
DeltaSierra 0 points 1 day ago The true worldview is to live in a civil society which values its assets which are not all pale white Protestants. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...