248 Say what you mean - Mean what you say. Never apologize. posted 4 days ago by Crucible 6 comments award share download report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TiggerLovingPooh 5 points 4 days ago BURGER QUEEN permalink award report block reply Gletkin 2 points 4 days ago I thought her eyes were blue. Not as Nazi as I hoped. permalink award report block reply DemonicSoap 1 points 4 days ago Deny nothing! permalink award report block reply PensivePatriot -2 points 4 days ago I hear the sentiment, but you need to be able to apologize in this life. To leftists, never, but as someone descended of those who see apologies as a sign of weakness, that is an utterly radioactive way to go through this life. Every one of you who downvoted me is a burden upon humanity itself. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 4 points 4 days ago The sentiment isn't for actual and honest oopsies. I get where you're coming from (I was told way too many times growing up "sorry doesn't cut it!") but this isn't about that; it's about the guilt trips and struggle sessions and other bullshit these people want normal, and in particular normal White, human beings groveling over. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 2 points 4 days ago Not if you are blessed with resting bitch face and big tits.  Silence  works.  Keep them guessing. permalink parent award report block reply
TiggerLovingPooh 5 points 4 days ago BURGER QUEEN permalink award report block reply
Gletkin 2 points 4 days ago I thought her eyes were blue. Not as Nazi as I hoped. permalink award report block reply
DemonicSoap 1 points 4 days ago Deny nothing! permalink award report block reply
PensivePatriot -2 points 4 days ago I hear the sentiment, but you need to be able to apologize in this life. To leftists, never, but as someone descended of those who see apologies as a sign of weakness, that is an utterly radioactive way to go through this life. Every one of you who downvoted me is a burden upon humanity itself. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 4 points 4 days ago The sentiment isn't for actual and honest oopsies. I get where you're coming from (I was told way too many times growing up "sorry doesn't cut it!") but this isn't about that; it's about the guilt trips and struggle sessions and other bullshit these people want normal, and in particular normal White, human beings groveling over. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 2 points 4 days ago Not if you are blessed with resting bitch face and big tits.  Silence  works.  Keep them guessing. permalink parent award report block reply
BlockWorks 4 points 4 days ago The sentiment isn't for actual and honest oopsies. I get where you're coming from (I was told way too many times growing up "sorry doesn't cut it!") but this isn't about that; it's about the guilt trips and struggle sessions and other bullshit these people want normal, and in particular normal White, human beings groveling over. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 2 points 4 days ago Not if you are blessed with resting bitch face and big tits.  Silence  works.  Keep them guessing. permalink parent award report block reply