923 President Trump just called out MTG for "catering" to the left.

"When somebody like MTG, who's now catering to the other side… I guess she's got some kind of an act going… but when [she] makes statements like that, it shows she doesn't know!" posted 2 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 246 comments award share report block Resist the Mainstream @ResisttheMS • 2d WATCH: President Trump just called out MTG for "catering" to the left. "When somebody like MTG, who's now catering to the other side… I guess she's got some kind of an act going… but when [she] makes statements like that, it shows she doesn't know!"
246 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Scipio_Americanus 175 points 2 days ago What was her statement? Something about not bending over for Israel? permalink award report block reply ShadowInv 168 points 2 days ago Yea,  Tucker/Fuentes/MTG are looking better everyday. Trump talking about 50 year mortgages. ffffff that. Trump forgot about us. He couldn’t make worse decisions it seems. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 121 points 2 days ago Yeah he’s way off with that 50 year mortgage bullshit. That won’t make houses affordable, it will just make the bankers richer. We do in fact have an affordability crisis. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 35 points 2 days ago Wait, making bankers richer isn't the goal? permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 40 points 2 days ago 50 yr mortgages will have a higher percentage rate. Many people have crunched the numbers and going from 30 to 50years "saves" about $100 a month. But triples+ the cost of the home. So yes, bankers richer. Muuuuch richer. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... mohel 7 points 2 days ago compare the size of the debt and the size of the economy permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 2 days ago Rabit wolves... Attack! Ok who's next? permalink parent award report block reply Iforgot2 1 points 2 days ago Retarted permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 2 days ago He's looking at them from a developer's perspective.  40 and 50 year mortgages are fairly common in his world, and make sense under certain conditions.  They DO NOT make sense for the purchaser of an owner occupied single family home. permalink parent award report block reply BOLTS4U 3 points 2 days ago I really hope we survive whatever Trump is on right now; and hope to God JD Vance can get nominated easily for 2028 permalink parent award report block reply CmonPeopleGetReal 2 points 2 days ago Houses are prices on payment amounts not value. Nobody gives two shits about the value when they are buying, just what the monthly payment is. Low interest rates were a scam to front load the next generation with overpriced assets so that the older generation can cash out thinking they made all this equity. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 1 day ago also inventory crisis. we need simple 1 story homes. not mc mansion 4bd/4ba luxury showcases that look great in a developers portfolio crammed 6ft away from identical looking house. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 1 day ago I’d much rather have a small 2br on a few acres for me to plant a garden and trees and flowers than a McMansion built by beaners and crammed into a pretentious “development”  with 200 other McMansions. permalink parent award report block reply load 31 more comments... TheSwampThang 59 points 2 days ago The 50 year mortgage is meme level silly. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 30 points 2 days ago It's a fucking gaslighting slap in the face pile of dogshit is what it is. Ohh you can't compete with all the street shitting multi-generational house holds for resources ? Okay, enjoy your 50 year mortgage then. International banking cartel winning all day everyday. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 8 points 2 days ago Those people aren't even paying for the houses. You're competing with the government and they're using your money. That's when you're not competing against Blackstone using your money. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SonOfThunder 53 points 2 days ago Jews love some 50 year interest permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 23 points 2 days ago 50 year interest and 70+ age for retirement. Work till you die and die broke with nothing owned. permalink parent award report block reply Obambi 1 points 2 days ago Rubs hands intensifies permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -12 points 2 days ago The rates are lower, and nothing is stopping you from doubling up when you can afford to. Don't like it, don't take out a 50 year mortgage. Dummy. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 6 points 2 days ago Ok Boomer. permalink parent award report block reply sniffdeez -2 points 2 days ago Crazy you’re getting downvoted.  People mad about a mortgage option that can help people buy homes more affordably.  FFS permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Genji_Sama 22 points 2 days ago You either die a hero or live long enough to become a villain permalink parent award report block reply try4gain PRO 3 points 2 days ago Fuentes was vocally against Trump this last election. Fuentes is not MAGA. Fuentes is 'whatever gets me more attention'. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 0 points 2 days ago Fuentes is a furfag. He's been caught multiple times on livestreams with porn in his other tabs. The kind you don't get from popups or whatever bullshit he's deflecting with now. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 0 points 1 day ago I don't like Mexicans but there's porn all over scored just like reddit.  You could be "caught" the same way just by being here. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... Nerdrem3 59 points 2 days ago She said something about how we need illegal aliens to do the jobs Americans don't want to do, like work at her construction company. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 33 points 2 days ago BINGO!  She is against the mass deportations and said it straight out on the View.  She also has been exposed recently as a feminist who thinks the men in congress are the problem.
She is on CNN, MSNBC, the View, etc bashing the GOP. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 5 points 2 days ago Typical woman, projecting her own inadequacy onto men. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 2 days ago You don’t get on those networks without the jab either. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 0 points 2 days ago Fuck this buried so deep permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 9 points 2 days ago It's easier to climb on the backs of desperate and retarded foreigners than those that know their worth better. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 4 points 2 days ago She's courting The View, talking about forming bridges to the left, and half her X replies lately are democrats praising her. Trump is right. But of course a bunch of the responses are all retards 100% focused on how much they hate Israel, and many of them critical of Trump on that topic and others. When did PDW flip from being a pro Trump forum to an anti Israel forum with so many people flipping off Trump on the topic? And there's that many people on here that don't realize that catboy loving Mexican Fuentes larping as a conservative isn't a spoiler psyop because their one track minds are going rotten and can't reason worth dick? He's fucking 100% anti Trump! What's happening to this place? Go get your own forum if that shit's all you care about. PDW is a Trump rally, not a purple haired queers for Palestinians forum. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 2 points 2 days ago I watched that interview and she tapped danced around anything controversial even when challenged over 'Q Anon' and 'space lasers.' permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 2 days ago This is not accurate. You should acually watch the entire exhcange, fag. permalink parent award report block reply MudDog 1 points 2 days ago hey, we only need the ones that work in Trump's hotels and on Bill Gates's farms! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Bacha_Bazi_Biden 45 points 2 days ago Oy Vey, stop being so antisemitic! permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei -1 points 2 days ago Since this is turning into an Isr.ael Ha.te thread, make sure you guys debunk muh H.o.l.o.h.o.a.x while you are here! https://www.bitchute.com/video/sropzTlr9Pt1 permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 25 points 2 days ago I think it was something about not deporting the illegals that work at her construction company. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 13 points 2 days ago It's a question from CNN. She thinks Trump should be more domestic, and that food prices went up. permalink parent award report block reply load 19 more comments... SpeekFreely 85 points 2 days ago Meanwhile, just hours ago an Al Queda terrorist was in the WH. permalink award report block reply StayoutOfit 13 points 2 days ago Getting their new mission statements to entangle us in more forever wars that are actually manufactured by our government and Israel's. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago I swear you fags blame everything on Israel. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 1 points 1 day ago Not everything, just what they are a part of. How's that kosher cock in your mouth taste ? You seem to like it a lot. Maybe if you weren't retarded or an Israel dick shiner you would realize these things for yourself. What a cuck sticking up for a place where your fleecings are getting laundered. Cuck or MIGA faggot. One or the other. Stop being stupid and figure out what our middle eastern conflicts have really been about. Israel's borders aren't just naturally expanding and all their enemies being fucked into oblivion by no one and for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 57 points 2 days ago Lesson to live by: If someone smiles at you and starts telling you everything you want to hear. Get your guard up. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 35 points 2 days ago Sounds like a certain Ohio gubernatorial candidate permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 23 points 2 days ago You mean basically any politician save for a select few. permalink parent award report block reply Corse46 20 points 2 days ago Are you referring to Trump? Or MTG permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -5 points 2 days ago Presumably MTG, one of the biggest frauds in politics. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago yes no longer supported MTG the day she turned and attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not voting for McCarthy to remain speaker.  MTG is upset about the deportations because she hires illegals at her construction companies.  A Grifter and soon everyone on here will see that. permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 19 points 2 days ago What ever happened to that Florida girl who was in Congress from Colorado, hot chick with four kids? permalink parent award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 5 points 2 days ago She's still around. permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 0 points 2 days ago Lauren “movie theater titties” Boebert? permalink parent award report block reply Nat4Pat 11 points 2 days ago That's basically how most conservative influencers make their money. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 8 points 2 days ago It's the classic sweet lies vs hard truths. Yes Hard Truths hurts in the beginning,  but sweet lies hurts 100 fold in the future. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... Formerlurker92 49 points 2 days ago I'm so glad we have all this infighting and no major wins that won't be immediately undone by the next democrat in power permalink award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 29 points 2 days ago Because Trump has lost touch with his base. He used to be the outsider. I heard a great quote this morning: "Trump joined the Never-Trump coalition." or something to that effect. My guess is that "they" sent a .223 round through his ear and then told him next time they wouldn't miss. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 10 points 2 days ago The real mistake was all of us hitching our wagons to one guy to turn America around in one night. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 2 days ago this is what the Democrats are unfortunately really good at not doing. They will use a figurehead like Obama as the front but meanwhile they are religiously all on the same page, a focused concerted effort, every, single, fucking, time. That's how they were able to get away with the 2020 election and how they get so much done so quickly when they have the majority in any body/organization. I hate it but Republicans are like frat boys at a champagne party. They're all kinda gay and stand around with smile masks on while they are really thinking about what their individual self wants out of it all. I don't like where we are right now, the wind was in the sails with DJT at the helm again but no one was on deck working in unison and now we have foreign ships telling DJT where to turn the ship. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 5 points 2 days ago And who nose who could’ve possibly shot that round… permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 2 days ago Checks out permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago Funny How I was saying this 5 fucking months ago. Ignore me at your own peril. Listen. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 19 points 2 days ago The infighting is solvable. Stop supporting Israel. Fuck them. They are genocidal maniacs. That’s it. There’s no compromise. The young right is not ever going to support Israel, neither is the left. Israel is fucked. We aren’t capitulating. We aren’t compromising. Either get on board or die off with the Israel First boomers. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 9 points 2 days ago It would have helped if Trump didn't spend all summer spitting directly in the eye of all of the different subgroups of his supporters and getting everyone riled up. Hopefully he can still turn things around and pull off a win that isn't temporary or superficial, but damn that was dumb. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago The infighting has blinded you. There's quite the laundry list of wins. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 8 points 2 days ago HAHAHA!!!!!!! Outside of the Laken Riley Act  name something that will last. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago Well you'll be a fagot for years to come. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 1 day ago So, you just proved the point. There are little to no wins. Just smoke, in the form of executive fiat. permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 4 points 2 days ago Pffft are we still talking about the Epstein list??? /s permalink parent award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 17 points 2 days ago Marjorie is for Marjorie. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago yup. She feels so LEFT OUT when the federal attention is focused on international matters that directly impact the USA in some way.  It’s completely over her head.  Because it’s the most masculine of duties: Protecting and providing for the home & hearth. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 0 points 1 day ago And Trump is for Israel. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 14 points 2 days ago This has the same vibe to it that I got from Ann Coulter. I always suspected Coulter wanted some gig in the White House cabinet and didn't get it. To perform the turnaround she did just seemed so PERSONAL. Pretty sure MTG has similar aspirations, only bigger, and she got the snub too. permalink award report block reply ShadowInv 28 points 2 days ago She calls out israel who has control over trump. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 13 points 2 days ago Didn't seem that way when everyone was convinced he was going to start a war with Iran, for Israel, but instead told them to turn their planes around. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes -1 points 2 days ago Yeah, it just becomes more obvious by the day that PDW is a giant hovel of LARPing leftists. Remember when MTG covered this entire site? And now there's this headline that she's a leftist... All I'm saying, people here sure love sucking off John Fetterman. https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9iqP1I/x/c Like seriously. permalink parent award report block reply MindPhantom109 2 points 2 days ago TRUE permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Just cause he puts hebroo land first doesnt mean they control him! -ben permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Correct!  Also she is against Trump deportations.  She owns construction company illegals.  How is that being MAGA.  Also she is now a feminist blaming everything on the men in congress and Trump's admin.  If she was so against Israel and Ukraine funding then why did she stick up for Kevin McCarthy as speaker so much when he was the most pro Ukraine and Israel funding GOP speaker ever?  She even attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not supporting McCarthy as speaker permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 6 points 2 days ago Getting the same vibe from Rand Paul now too. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 6 points 2 days ago Rand Paul and Massie have always had TDS.  Both never voted or endorsed Trump.  Paul supports amnesty for illegals and H1B Visa increases.  Just look at his history on voting for illegal immigration not MAGA at all. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 4 points 2 days ago Massie is far and away the best congressman we have. It’s not close. I wish he would vote accordingly more often, but the fact that billionaire jewess mega donor is pouring $20million into opposing him tells you everything you need to know. It’s because he isn’t an AIPAC bootlicker. Once you realize all this bullshit is because Israel runs our politics, who they go after makes more sense. They’re so fucking out of touch it’s crazy. You have a Muslim mayor in NYC because dumb fuck elites think him not traveling to Israel is somehow a massive problem, where I find it to be a positive. Fuck Israel. Never forget the USS Liberty. permalink parent award report block reply Area82 1 points 2 days ago Him voting against President Trump whenever it matters doesn’t help him much with MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago C'mon, Pajeet, tell us: how much has Miriam Adelson paid you? Have you received any of the 200M she's using to stop Massie from getting reelected? Or, Pajeet, do you just get $2/day from your IDF handler in your shitty Indian village? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 5 points 2 days ago Happens when deal with lifetime grifters. How you solve this is dont deal.with lifetime grifters. permalink parent award report block reply SimplyRedPills 1 points 1 day ago exactly why women don't belong in politics permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 14 points 2 days ago FUCK. ISRAEL. permalink award report block reply mailinvoter 14 points 2 days ago I'm not an MTG fan since she used her nose as McCarthy's butt plug, but what I heard was she complimented Pelosi on getting things done "for the demonrats" where our side constantly back stabs each other, especially our Speakers and Senate leaders regardless of minority or majority. permalink award report block reply BidenSniffsLittleKid 13 points 2 days ago This message brought to you in part by Mariam Adelson permalink award report block reply Lorrainer 8 points 2 days ago Implementing 50 year mortgages is like Implementing indentured servitude. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor -3 points 2 days ago You don't have to take one permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 8 points 2 days ago I hate to say it but the to me it appears that the tribe has our boi by the fkn stones permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 8 points 2 days ago I think the problem is his Chief of Staff, Susie Wiles, who is purposely sabotaging his agenda. She is a Bushite which is a major red flag.
Supposedly, she put the Gaetz nomination on ice and got Trump to nominate Spam Blondi instead.
Wiles apparently controls all access to Trump.
I wouldn't be surprised if some of these BS ideas are coming from her and those who managed to get her close enough to Trump's ear to wreak havoc with his base.
If he had any sense, he would fire both her and Spam.
Then he could appoint the Deputy Chief of Staff, Steven Miller, to be in charge.
Maybe someone with testicular fortitude could be nominated as AG instead. permalink award report block reply Obambi 2 points 2 days ago Wiles is a gate keeper. Never trust a woman. permalink parent award report block reply Owmyballz 7 points 2 days ago Does Donny consider being against AIPAC makes your a communist now? permalink award report block reply Csherm 5 points 2 days ago Mr. President, your democrat is showing. Again. permalink award report block reply awookienookie 5 points 2 days ago Let me guess, Trump doesn’t like she won’t bend the knee for isreal permalink award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago no she criticized his mass deportations and does not agree with it.  She said it on the View of all places.  She also is acting like a feminist that hates men.  The View hyenas were loving her. permalink parent award report block reply FreeAsABirdie 4 points 2 days ago Fck MTG I was done with her when she supported KM👎🏼 permalink award report block reply Corse46 93 points 2 days ago I didn't like when she supported McCarthy either, but she happens to be right in this case. She said that one of the reasons we got completely demolished in Tuesday's elections was because Trump is spending too much time focusing on foreign problems and not enough on domestic problems (America First problems). She's right. It's not the only reason we got creamed, but its definitely one of them. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 46 points 2 days ago 100%. For the past 10 months the Trump Administration has shown more love and focus on the bastard countries instead of the massive amount of issues we have here. Giving significant amounts of money to Israel and Ukraine should not be a focus of our government; especially when we have the worst inflation this country has ever seen, housing price crisis, gas price crisis, illegal aliens crisis (which he's doing a pretty good job at so far), all-around grocery prices (which he's also talking with this EBT/SNAP restriction, thankfully). I've seen more love being poured for everyone EXCEPT us and it's sickening. permalink parent award report block reply bck- 8 points 2 days ago Definitely showing love by tariffing the fuck out of everyone permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 2 days ago I agree. We can strengthen foreign alliances later, after we deal with shit at home first. And then only with based countries like Hungary and Japan, and maybe a few more. permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 21 points 2 days ago Yeah the other reason is that lefties are fucking insane and will always show up in number, especially in their own strongholds, to push through whoever's got a D next to their name. And of course there's fraud/cheating. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 14 points 2 days ago Spend time in a blue city and it becomes clear half the people arent working and are supported by the government.  So naturally all their time cam be spent making sure the handouts continue permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 15 points 2 days ago Blaming Trump for a bunch of Trump hating RINOs losing in blue cities and states is peak TDS. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 2 points 2 days ago This thread is proof amongst many that this website has nothing to do with MAGA or thedonald anymore, its devolved into the same media parrot bullshit reddit is. permalink parent award report block reply Stansdad 1 points 2 days ago Ya this site is fucking gay now to many fags on here crying about everything Trump does.  Don't know if its a bunch of leftist reddit fags or poo throwing Indians but this place is really gay now. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You need to put in the work. We didnt even try permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 9 points 2 days ago She's not right and neither are you. Trump is setting us up in preparation on the global stage for the next big conflict. Go look at everything he's done internationally. Canals, shipping routes, trade routes, more allies in the ME, trade deals that hurt China and Russia, land deals like Canada and Greenland that help protect the United States. Everything she and others are bitching about can be handled by states and local governments. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead -1 points 2 days ago So, "Russia Russia Russia" is the in thing now? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 days ago lol.  Sure permalink parent award report block reply Bbme19 1 points 2 days ago He was excellent in his first term and what did the voters say to him? Fuck these elections. We don't care. The truth is that Republicans just don't turn out, winning or losing. It was bound to happen and I'm not surprised. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... GA_Logic 10 points 2 days ago KM has always been a loser but MTG has a point that families are being financially broken by insurance premiums. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 10 points 2 days ago Her solution is to just keep extending and expanding the subsidies that caused insurance premiums to sky rocket in the first place. She also blamed Republicans for the Schumer shut down because they refuse to give in to the Democrats' extortion tactics. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 5 points 2 days ago I believe her position of extension is based on there is no plan so do not rock the boat. Women always will chose safety over boldness. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 2 days ago okay what about her not supporting the mass deportations and how she owns construction company that needs illegals? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rosebud4Jesus 4 points 2 days ago she fears the mass deportations taking away all the illegals she has hired over the years to work at her construction company.  She basically criticized Trump's mass deportations on the View. permalink parent award report block reply Pearl 1 points 2 days ago Trump also supported him. McCarthy was his guy. permalink parent award report block reply FreeAsABirdie 1 points 1 day ago true, he was a dumbass too 😂 permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola 4 points 2 days ago Is there currently a law or regulation prohibiting a 50 year mortgage? permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, the law against being retarded permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola -1 points 1 day ago Right. If there were such a thing, you'd be doing 25 to life, Einstein. permalink parent award report block reply Keiichi81 4 points 2 days ago Oh boy, more in-fighting! /s permalink award report block reply Senaleb 4 points 2 days ago Seems like Steve Bannon has lost the Presidents ear because he's been off for awhile now. permalink award report block reply itspancakees 4 points 2 days ago Why are we doing favors for the tribe? It should be the other way around permalink award report block reply Big-E 4 points 2 days ago I don’t trust her. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago I don't trust you either Pajeet permalink parent award report block reply Logan051361 4 points 2 days ago Her name is MUD permalink award report block reply Goozmania 4 points 2 days ago MTG has been significantly more MAGA than Trump these past few months. permalink award report block reply yodayoda 3 points 2 days ago just because you don't tow the establishment republican line doesn't mean you are "catering to the left." permalink award report block reply Urusovite 3 points 2 days ago Well she’s also correct. permalink award report block reply orange_kek_great 3 points 2 days ago You just lick the Israel asshole or you're not worthy apparently. permalink award report block reply Donald_Gold 3 points 2 days ago Some of you are gay shills. Mtg is a brown maxing retard. permalink award report block reply Prof_Smith 3 points 2 days ago She’s always been an idiot.   Nothing new there. Add in the horse face and you have a big pile of shit. permalink award report block reply RiolindasReturn 3 points 2 days ago Not helpful. permalink award report block reply PoohBearBalloon 3 points 2 days ago MTG has been on the Trump train since the beginning.  Loyalty didn't matter when Israel is involved. permalink award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 2 days ago Trump blink twice if Miriam Adelson made you say this permalink award report block reply Executarian2 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, fuck this. permalink award report block reply billybaldwin2 2 points 2 days ago Ruby red district that's like 80% GOP. permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 2 points 2 days ago At least she doesn't have TDS? I guess permalink award report block reply Pats5x 2 points 2 days ago Trump is losing lots of support with stupid fucking statements like this ... 600k chicom students are "maga"....50 year mortgages are "maga"....he's fucking us permalink award report block reply I_heart_blastbeats 2 points 2 days ago Boy he really doesn't want MTG to read the Epstien list on the house floor when it re-opens doesn't he permalink award report block reply barwhack 2 points 2 days ago He's joining the pedocrats... permalink award report block reply czargwar 2 points 2 days ago Trump attacking MAGA base sure makes him look like a fraud permalink award report block reply lul_cheto -2 points 2 days ago All he needs is ben u fags permalink parent award report block reply HenkZeilstra 1 points 1 day ago How about he drops Israel and the Epstein list permalink award report block reply brewser724 1 points 2 days ago Can someone give him a 'stop saying dumb shit" pill? permalink award report block reply bratt 1 points 2 days ago Now that he recognizes MTG has been compromised he should look into Patel and Bongino. Bondi has always been compromised but he should look into her too. permalink award report block reply fightfightfightx 0 points 2 days ago Trump likely knows it wasnt "Iran" that told Mayorkas, the head of the DHS, to have the secret service (that he oversaw) leave a roof open next to him in Butler. He's gotta do what Israel wants or he'll get shot again. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 0 points 2 days ago Ever since hollywood moved in only peaches and leeches come from Georgia. She doesn't look like a peach to me, so that pretty much narrows it down. permalink award report block reply Iranhasnukes 0 points 2 days ago You all making this about Israel are dumb ass mutha fers.  You’re like the leftists all bent about pedo controls.  Enough already, just sound like fricken leftist idiots. permalink award report block reply DITTOPatriot 0 points 2 days ago He's compromised, he's draining the money changers ball sacks daily now.. permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 2 days ago Trump is a clown for blindly thinking Israel is loyal to him. They will congratule Biden before the ballots are counted. permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle -2 points 2 days ago Stormfags and unemployed millennial fags big mad they have to pull themselves up by their bootstraps to buy a house and pay back mortgages like a normal person has since 1950. We didn't have it easier back then either and Trump is letting you pay less a month for your house. The entitlement from this generation is embarrassing. Now they think of siding with the woke right subverters like Fed Fuentes, Candace Owens, Cucker Carlson, and MTG? These people have very clearly lost the plot and the woke right are going to sabotage us in the midterms! permalink award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply MindPhantom109 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 175 points 2 days ago What was her statement? Something about not bending over for Israel? permalink award report block reply ShadowInv 168 points 2 days ago Yea,  Tucker/Fuentes/MTG are looking better everyday. Trump talking about 50 year mortgages. ffffff that. Trump forgot about us. He couldn’t make worse decisions it seems. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 121 points 2 days ago Yeah he’s way off with that 50 year mortgage bullshit. That won’t make houses affordable, it will just make the bankers richer. We do in fact have an affordability crisis. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 35 points 2 days ago Wait, making bankers richer isn't the goal? permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 40 points 2 days ago 50 yr mortgages will have a higher percentage rate. Many people have crunched the numbers and going from 30 to 50years "saves" about $100 a month. But triples+ the cost of the home. So yes, bankers richer. Muuuuch richer. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... mohel 7 points 2 days ago compare the size of the debt and the size of the economy permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 2 days ago Rabit wolves... Attack! Ok who's next? permalink parent award report block reply Iforgot2 1 points 2 days ago Retarted permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 2 days ago He's looking at them from a developer's perspective.  40 and 50 year mortgages are fairly common in his world, and make sense under certain conditions.  They DO NOT make sense for the purchaser of an owner occupied single family home. permalink parent award report block reply BOLTS4U 3 points 2 days ago I really hope we survive whatever Trump is on right now; and hope to God JD Vance can get nominated easily for 2028 permalink parent award report block reply CmonPeopleGetReal 2 points 2 days ago Houses are prices on payment amounts not value. Nobody gives two shits about the value when they are buying, just what the monthly payment is. Low interest rates were a scam to front load the next generation with overpriced assets so that the older generation can cash out thinking they made all this equity. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 1 day ago also inventory crisis. we need simple 1 story homes. not mc mansion 4bd/4ba luxury showcases that look great in a developers portfolio crammed 6ft away from identical looking house. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 1 day ago I’d much rather have a small 2br on a few acres for me to plant a garden and trees and flowers than a McMansion built by beaners and crammed into a pretentious “development”  with 200 other McMansions. permalink parent award report block reply load 31 more comments... TheSwampThang 59 points 2 days ago The 50 year mortgage is meme level silly. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 30 points 2 days ago It's a fucking gaslighting slap in the face pile of dogshit is what it is. Ohh you can't compete with all the street shitting multi-generational house holds for resources ? Okay, enjoy your 50 year mortgage then. International banking cartel winning all day everyday. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 8 points 2 days ago Those people aren't even paying for the houses. You're competing with the government and they're using your money. That's when you're not competing against Blackstone using your money. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SonOfThunder 53 points 2 days ago Jews love some 50 year interest permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 23 points 2 days ago 50 year interest and 70+ age for retirement. Work till you die and die broke with nothing owned. permalink parent award report block reply Obambi 1 points 2 days ago Rubs hands intensifies permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -12 points 2 days ago The rates are lower, and nothing is stopping you from doubling up when you can afford to. Don't like it, don't take out a 50 year mortgage. Dummy. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 6 points 2 days ago Ok Boomer. permalink parent award report block reply sniffdeez -2 points 2 days ago Crazy you’re getting downvoted.  People mad about a mortgage option that can help people buy homes more affordably.  FFS permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Genji_Sama 22 points 2 days ago You either die a hero or live long enough to become a villain permalink parent award report block reply try4gain PRO 3 points 2 days ago Fuentes was vocally against Trump this last election. Fuentes is not MAGA. Fuentes is 'whatever gets me more attention'. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 0 points 2 days ago Fuentes is a furfag. He's been caught multiple times on livestreams with porn in his other tabs. The kind you don't get from popups or whatever bullshit he's deflecting with now. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 0 points 1 day ago I don't like Mexicans but there's porn all over scored just like reddit.  You could be "caught" the same way just by being here. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments... Nerdrem3 59 points 2 days ago She said something about how we need illegal aliens to do the jobs Americans don't want to do, like work at her construction company. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 33 points 2 days ago BINGO!  She is against the mass deportations and said it straight out on the View.  She also has been exposed recently as a feminist who thinks the men in congress are the problem.
She is on CNN, MSNBC, the View, etc bashing the GOP. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 5 points 2 days ago Typical woman, projecting her own inadequacy onto men. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 2 days ago You don’t get on those networks without the jab either. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 0 points 2 days ago Fuck this buried so deep permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 9 points 2 days ago It's easier to climb on the backs of desperate and retarded foreigners than those that know their worth better. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 4 points 2 days ago She's courting The View, talking about forming bridges to the left, and half her X replies lately are democrats praising her. Trump is right. But of course a bunch of the responses are all retards 100% focused on how much they hate Israel, and many of them critical of Trump on that topic and others. When did PDW flip from being a pro Trump forum to an anti Israel forum with so many people flipping off Trump on the topic? And there's that many people on here that don't realize that catboy loving Mexican Fuentes larping as a conservative isn't a spoiler psyop because their one track minds are going rotten and can't reason worth dick? He's fucking 100% anti Trump! What's happening to this place? Go get your own forum if that shit's all you care about. PDW is a Trump rally, not a purple haired queers for Palestinians forum. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 2 points 2 days ago I watched that interview and she tapped danced around anything controversial even when challenged over 'Q Anon' and 'space lasers.' permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 2 days ago This is not accurate. You should acually watch the entire exhcange, fag. permalink parent award report block reply MudDog 1 points 2 days ago hey, we only need the ones that work in Trump's hotels and on Bill Gates's farms! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Bacha_Bazi_Biden 45 points 2 days ago Oy Vey, stop being so antisemitic! permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei -1 points 2 days ago Since this is turning into an Isr.ael Ha.te thread, make sure you guys debunk muh H.o.l.o.h.o.a.x while you are here! https://www.bitchute.com/video/sropzTlr9Pt1 permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 25 points 2 days ago I think it was something about not deporting the illegals that work at her construction company. permalink parent award report block reply CyanScales 13 points 2 days ago It's a question from CNN. She thinks Trump should be more domestic, and that food prices went up. permalink parent award report block reply load 19 more comments...
ShadowInv 168 points 2 days ago Yea,  Tucker/Fuentes/MTG are looking better everyday. Trump talking about 50 year mortgages. ffffff that. Trump forgot about us. He couldn’t make worse decisions it seems. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 121 points 2 days ago Yeah he’s way off with that 50 year mortgage bullshit. That won’t make houses affordable, it will just make the bankers richer. We do in fact have an affordability crisis. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 35 points 2 days ago Wait, making bankers richer isn't the goal? permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 40 points 2 days ago 50 yr mortgages will have a higher percentage rate. Many people have crunched the numbers and going from 30 to 50years "saves" about $100 a month. But triples+ the cost of the home. So yes, bankers richer. Muuuuch richer. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... mohel 7 points 2 days ago compare the size of the debt and the size of the economy permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 2 days ago Rabit wolves... Attack! Ok who's next? permalink parent award report block reply Iforgot2 1 points 2 days ago Retarted permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 2 days ago He's looking at them from a developer's perspective.  40 and 50 year mortgages are fairly common in his world, and make sense under certain conditions.  They DO NOT make sense for the purchaser of an owner occupied single family home. permalink parent award report block reply BOLTS4U 3 points 2 days ago I really hope we survive whatever Trump is on right now; and hope to God JD Vance can get nominated easily for 2028 permalink parent award report block reply CmonPeopleGetReal 2 points 2 days ago Houses are prices on payment amounts not value. Nobody gives two shits about the value when they are buying, just what the monthly payment is. Low interest rates were a scam to front load the next generation with overpriced assets so that the older generation can cash out thinking they made all this equity. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 1 day ago also inventory crisis. we need simple 1 story homes. not mc mansion 4bd/4ba luxury showcases that look great in a developers portfolio crammed 6ft away from identical looking house. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 1 day ago I’d much rather have a small 2br on a few acres for me to plant a garden and trees and flowers than a McMansion built by beaners and crammed into a pretentious “development”  with 200 other McMansions. permalink parent award report block reply load 31 more comments... TheSwampThang 59 points 2 days ago The 50 year mortgage is meme level silly. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 30 points 2 days ago It's a fucking gaslighting slap in the face pile of dogshit is what it is. Ohh you can't compete with all the street shitting multi-generational house holds for resources ? Okay, enjoy your 50 year mortgage then. International banking cartel winning all day everyday. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 8 points 2 days ago Those people aren't even paying for the houses. You're competing with the government and they're using your money. That's when you're not competing against Blackstone using your money. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SonOfThunder 53 points 2 days ago Jews love some 50 year interest permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 23 points 2 days ago 50 year interest and 70+ age for retirement. Work till you die and die broke with nothing owned. permalink parent award report block reply Obambi 1 points 2 days ago Rubs hands intensifies permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -12 points 2 days ago The rates are lower, and nothing is stopping you from doubling up when you can afford to. Don't like it, don't take out a 50 year mortgage. Dummy. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 6 points 2 days ago Ok Boomer. permalink parent award report block reply sniffdeez -2 points 2 days ago Crazy you’re getting downvoted.  People mad about a mortgage option that can help people buy homes more affordably.  FFS permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... Genji_Sama 22 points 2 days ago You either die a hero or live long enough to become a villain permalink parent award report block reply try4gain PRO 3 points 2 days ago Fuentes was vocally against Trump this last election. Fuentes is not MAGA. Fuentes is 'whatever gets me more attention'. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 0 points 2 days ago Fuentes is a furfag. He's been caught multiple times on livestreams with porn in his other tabs. The kind you don't get from popups or whatever bullshit he's deflecting with now. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 0 points 1 day ago I don't like Mexicans but there's porn all over scored just like reddit.  You could be "caught" the same way just by being here. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments...
Klown_Kutz 121 points 2 days ago Yeah he’s way off with that 50 year mortgage bullshit. That won’t make houses affordable, it will just make the bankers richer. We do in fact have an affordability crisis. permalink parent award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 35 points 2 days ago Wait, making bankers richer isn't the goal? permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 40 points 2 days ago 50 yr mortgages will have a higher percentage rate. Many people have crunched the numbers and going from 30 to 50years "saves" about $100 a month. But triples+ the cost of the home. So yes, bankers richer. Muuuuch richer. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... mohel 7 points 2 days ago compare the size of the debt and the size of the economy permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 2 days ago Rabit wolves... Attack! Ok who's next? permalink parent award report block reply Iforgot2 1 points 2 days ago Retarted permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 2 days ago He's looking at them from a developer's perspective.  40 and 50 year mortgages are fairly common in his world, and make sense under certain conditions.  They DO NOT make sense for the purchaser of an owner occupied single family home. permalink parent award report block reply BOLTS4U 3 points 2 days ago I really hope we survive whatever Trump is on right now; and hope to God JD Vance can get nominated easily for 2028 permalink parent award report block reply CmonPeopleGetReal 2 points 2 days ago Houses are prices on payment amounts not value. Nobody gives two shits about the value when they are buying, just what the monthly payment is. Low interest rates were a scam to front load the next generation with overpriced assets so that the older generation can cash out thinking they made all this equity. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 2 points 1 day ago also inventory crisis. we need simple 1 story homes. not mc mansion 4bd/4ba luxury showcases that look great in a developers portfolio crammed 6ft away from identical looking house. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 1 day ago I’d much rather have a small 2br on a few acres for me to plant a garden and trees and flowers than a McMansion built by beaners and crammed into a pretentious “development”  with 200 other McMansions. permalink parent award report block reply load 31 more comments...
ConfusedAngryArmed 35 points 2 days ago Wait, making bankers richer isn't the goal? permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 40 points 2 days ago 50 yr mortgages will have a higher percentage rate. Many people have crunched the numbers and going from 30 to 50years "saves" about $100 a month. But triples+ the cost of the home. So yes, bankers richer. Muuuuch richer. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... mohel 7 points 2 days ago compare the size of the debt and the size of the economy permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 2 days ago Rabit wolves... Attack! Ok who's next? permalink parent award report block reply Iforgot2 1 points 2 days ago Retarted permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 40 points 2 days ago 50 yr mortgages will have a higher percentage rate. Many people have crunched the numbers and going from 30 to 50years "saves" about $100 a month. But triples+ the cost of the home. So yes, bankers richer. Muuuuch richer. permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
mohel 7 points 2 days ago compare the size of the debt and the size of the economy permalink parent award report block reply
The_Return_of_User_x 1 points 2 days ago Rabit wolves... Attack! Ok who's next? permalink parent award report block reply
Iforgot2 1 points 2 days ago Retarted permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 7 points 2 days ago He's looking at them from a developer's perspective.  40 and 50 year mortgages are fairly common in his world, and make sense under certain conditions.  They DO NOT make sense for the purchaser of an owner occupied single family home. permalink parent award report block reply
BOLTS4U 3 points 2 days ago I really hope we survive whatever Trump is on right now; and hope to God JD Vance can get nominated easily for 2028 permalink parent award report block reply
CmonPeopleGetReal 2 points 2 days ago Houses are prices on payment amounts not value. Nobody gives two shits about the value when they are buying, just what the monthly payment is. Low interest rates were a scam to front load the next generation with overpriced assets so that the older generation can cash out thinking they made all this equity. permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 2 points 1 day ago also inventory crisis. we need simple 1 story homes. not mc mansion 4bd/4ba luxury showcases that look great in a developers portfolio crammed 6ft away from identical looking house. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 1 day ago I’d much rather have a small 2br on a few acres for me to plant a garden and trees and flowers than a McMansion built by beaners and crammed into a pretentious “development”  with 200 other McMansions. permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 1 points 1 day ago I’d much rather have a small 2br on a few acres for me to plant a garden and trees and flowers than a McMansion built by beaners and crammed into a pretentious “development”  with 200 other McMansions. permalink parent award report block reply
TheSwampThang 59 points 2 days ago The 50 year mortgage is meme level silly. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 30 points 2 days ago It's a fucking gaslighting slap in the face pile of dogshit is what it is. Ohh you can't compete with all the street shitting multi-generational house holds for resources ? Okay, enjoy your 50 year mortgage then. International banking cartel winning all day everyday. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 8 points 2 days ago Those people aren't even paying for the houses. You're competing with the government and they're using your money. That's when you're not competing against Blackstone using your money. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
StayoutOfit 30 points 2 days ago It's a fucking gaslighting slap in the face pile of dogshit is what it is. Ohh you can't compete with all the street shitting multi-generational house holds for resources ? Okay, enjoy your 50 year mortgage then. International banking cartel winning all day everyday. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 8 points 2 days ago Those people aren't even paying for the houses. You're competing with the government and they're using your money. That's when you're not competing against Blackstone using your money. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
zooty 8 points 2 days ago Those people aren't even paying for the houses. You're competing with the government and they're using your money. That's when you're not competing against Blackstone using your money. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SonOfThunder 53 points 2 days ago Jews love some 50 year interest permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 23 points 2 days ago 50 year interest and 70+ age for retirement. Work till you die and die broke with nothing owned. permalink parent award report block reply Obambi 1 points 2 days ago Rubs hands intensifies permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -12 points 2 days ago The rates are lower, and nothing is stopping you from doubling up when you can afford to. Don't like it, don't take out a 50 year mortgage. Dummy. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 6 points 2 days ago Ok Boomer. permalink parent award report block reply sniffdeez -2 points 2 days ago Crazy you’re getting downvoted.  People mad about a mortgage option that can help people buy homes more affordably.  FFS permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
StayoutOfit 23 points 2 days ago 50 year interest and 70+ age for retirement. Work till you die and die broke with nothing owned. permalink parent award report block reply
Obambi 1 points 2 days ago Rubs hands intensifies permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage -12 points 2 days ago The rates are lower, and nothing is stopping you from doubling up when you can afford to. Don't like it, don't take out a 50 year mortgage. Dummy. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 6 points 2 days ago Ok Boomer. permalink parent award report block reply sniffdeez -2 points 2 days ago Crazy you’re getting downvoted.  People mad about a mortgage option that can help people buy homes more affordably.  FFS permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
covok48 6 points 2 days ago Ok Boomer. permalink parent award report block reply
sniffdeez -2 points 2 days ago Crazy you’re getting downvoted.  People mad about a mortgage option that can help people buy homes more affordably.  FFS permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Genji_Sama 22 points 2 days ago You either die a hero or live long enough to become a villain permalink parent award report block reply
try4gain PRO 3 points 2 days ago Fuentes was vocally against Trump this last election. Fuentes is not MAGA. Fuentes is 'whatever gets me more attention'. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 0 points 2 days ago Fuentes is a furfag. He's been caught multiple times on livestreams with porn in his other tabs. The kind you don't get from popups or whatever bullshit he's deflecting with now. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 0 points 1 day ago I don't like Mexicans but there's porn all over scored just like reddit.  You could be "caught" the same way just by being here. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 0 points 2 days ago Fuentes is a furfag. He's been caught multiple times on livestreams with porn in his other tabs. The kind you don't get from popups or whatever bullshit he's deflecting with now. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 0 points 1 day ago I don't like Mexicans but there's porn all over scored just like reddit.  You could be "caught" the same way just by being here. permalink parent award report block reply
Fistmagic 0 points 1 day ago I don't like Mexicans but there's porn all over scored just like reddit.  You could be "caught" the same way just by being here. permalink parent award report block reply
Nerdrem3 59 points 2 days ago She said something about how we need illegal aliens to do the jobs Americans don't want to do, like work at her construction company. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 33 points 2 days ago BINGO!  She is against the mass deportations and said it straight out on the View.  She also has been exposed recently as a feminist who thinks the men in congress are the problem.
She is on CNN, MSNBC, the View, etc bashing the GOP. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 5 points 2 days ago Typical woman, projecting her own inadequacy onto men. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 2 days ago You don’t get on those networks without the jab either. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 0 points 2 days ago Fuck this buried so deep permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 9 points 2 days ago It's easier to climb on the backs of desperate and retarded foreigners than those that know their worth better. permalink parent award report block reply Tiredofstupidpeople 4 points 2 days ago She's courting The View, talking about forming bridges to the left, and half her X replies lately are democrats praising her. Trump is right. But of course a bunch of the responses are all retards 100% focused on how much they hate Israel, and many of them critical of Trump on that topic and others. When did PDW flip from being a pro Trump forum to an anti Israel forum with so many people flipping off Trump on the topic? And there's that many people on here that don't realize that catboy loving Mexican Fuentes larping as a conservative isn't a spoiler psyop because their one track minds are going rotten and can't reason worth dick? He's fucking 100% anti Trump! What's happening to this place? Go get your own forum if that shit's all you care about. PDW is a Trump rally, not a purple haired queers for Palestinians forum. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 2 points 2 days ago I watched that interview and she tapped danced around anything controversial even when challenged over 'Q Anon' and 'space lasers.' permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 2 days ago This is not accurate. You should acually watch the entire exhcange, fag. permalink parent award report block reply MudDog 1 points 2 days ago hey, we only need the ones that work in Trump's hotels and on Bill Gates's farms! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
Rosebud4Jesus 33 points 2 days ago BINGO!  She is against the mass deportations and said it straight out on the View.  She also has been exposed recently as a feminist who thinks the men in congress are the problem.
She is on CNN, MSNBC, the View, etc bashing the GOP. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 5 points 2 days ago Typical woman, projecting her own inadequacy onto men. permalink parent award report block reply Snek_Plissken 2 points 2 days ago You don’t get on those networks without the jab either. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 0 points 2 days ago Fuck this buried so deep permalink parent award report block reply
Nerdrem3 5 points 2 days ago Typical woman, projecting her own inadequacy onto men. permalink parent award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 2 points 2 days ago You don’t get on those networks without the jab either. permalink parent award report block reply
Kingoftheroad 0 points 2 days ago Fuck this buried so deep permalink parent award report block reply
StayoutOfit 9 points 2 days ago It's easier to climb on the backs of desperate and retarded foreigners than those that know their worth better. permalink parent award report block reply
Tiredofstupidpeople 4 points 2 days ago She's courting The View, talking about forming bridges to the left, and half her X replies lately are democrats praising her. Trump is right. But of course a bunch of the responses are all retards 100% focused on how much they hate Israel, and many of them critical of Trump on that topic and others. When did PDW flip from being a pro Trump forum to an anti Israel forum with so many people flipping off Trump on the topic? And there's that many people on here that don't realize that catboy loving Mexican Fuentes larping as a conservative isn't a spoiler psyop because their one track minds are going rotten and can't reason worth dick? He's fucking 100% anti Trump! What's happening to this place? Go get your own forum if that shit's all you care about. PDW is a Trump rally, not a purple haired queers for Palestinians forum. permalink parent award report block reply MehNahMehNah 2 points 2 days ago I watched that interview and she tapped danced around anything controversial even when challenged over 'Q Anon' and 'space lasers.' permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 2 points 2 days ago I watched that interview and she tapped danced around anything controversial even when challenged over 'Q Anon' and 'space lasers.' permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 1 points 2 days ago This is not accurate. You should acually watch the entire exhcange, fag. permalink parent award report block reply
MudDog 1 points 2 days ago hey, we only need the ones that work in Trump's hotels and on Bill Gates's farms! permalink parent award report block reply
Bacha_Bazi_Biden 45 points 2 days ago Oy Vey, stop being so antisemitic! permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei -1 points 2 days ago Since this is turning into an Isr.ael Ha.te thread, make sure you guys debunk muh H.o.l.o.h.o.a.x while you are here! https://www.bitchute.com/video/sropzTlr9Pt1 permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Judenfrei -1 points 2 days ago Since this is turning into an Isr.ael Ha.te thread, make sure you guys debunk muh H.o.l.o.h.o.a.x while you are here! https://www.bitchute.com/video/sropzTlr9Pt1 permalink parent award report block reply
Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 25 points 2 days ago I think it was something about not deporting the illegals that work at her construction company. permalink parent award report block reply
CyanScales 13 points 2 days ago It's a question from CNN. She thinks Trump should be more domestic, and that food prices went up. permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 85 points 2 days ago Meanwhile, just hours ago an Al Queda terrorist was in the WH. permalink award report block reply StayoutOfit 13 points 2 days ago Getting their new mission statements to entangle us in more forever wars that are actually manufactured by our government and Israel's. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago I swear you fags blame everything on Israel. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 1 points 1 day ago Not everything, just what they are a part of. How's that kosher cock in your mouth taste ? You seem to like it a lot. Maybe if you weren't retarded or an Israel dick shiner you would realize these things for yourself. What a cuck sticking up for a place where your fleecings are getting laundered. Cuck or MIGA faggot. One or the other. Stop being stupid and figure out what our middle eastern conflicts have really been about. Israel's borders aren't just naturally expanding and all their enemies being fucked into oblivion by no one and for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
StayoutOfit 13 points 2 days ago Getting their new mission statements to entangle us in more forever wars that are actually manufactured by our government and Israel's. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago I swear you fags blame everything on Israel. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 1 points 1 day ago Not everything, just what they are a part of. How's that kosher cock in your mouth taste ? You seem to like it a lot. Maybe if you weren't retarded or an Israel dick shiner you would realize these things for yourself. What a cuck sticking up for a place where your fleecings are getting laundered. Cuck or MIGA faggot. One or the other. Stop being stupid and figure out what our middle eastern conflicts have really been about. Israel's borders aren't just naturally expanding and all their enemies being fucked into oblivion by no one and for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago I swear you fags blame everything on Israel. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 1 points 1 day ago Not everything, just what they are a part of. How's that kosher cock in your mouth taste ? You seem to like it a lot. Maybe if you weren't retarded or an Israel dick shiner you would realize these things for yourself. What a cuck sticking up for a place where your fleecings are getting laundered. Cuck or MIGA faggot. One or the other. Stop being stupid and figure out what our middle eastern conflicts have really been about. Israel's borders aren't just naturally expanding and all their enemies being fucked into oblivion by no one and for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
StayoutOfit 1 points 1 day ago Not everything, just what they are a part of. How's that kosher cock in your mouth taste ? You seem to like it a lot. Maybe if you weren't retarded or an Israel dick shiner you would realize these things for yourself. What a cuck sticking up for a place where your fleecings are getting laundered. Cuck or MIGA faggot. One or the other. Stop being stupid and figure out what our middle eastern conflicts have really been about. Israel's borders aren't just naturally expanding and all their enemies being fucked into oblivion by no one and for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 57 points 2 days ago Lesson to live by: If someone smiles at you and starts telling you everything you want to hear. Get your guard up. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 35 points 2 days ago Sounds like a certain Ohio gubernatorial candidate permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 23 points 2 days ago You mean basically any politician save for a select few. permalink parent award report block reply Corse46 20 points 2 days ago Are you referring to Trump? Or MTG permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -5 points 2 days ago Presumably MTG, one of the biggest frauds in politics. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago yes no longer supported MTG the day she turned and attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not voting for McCarthy to remain speaker.  MTG is upset about the deportations because she hires illegals at her construction companies.  A Grifter and soon everyone on here will see that. permalink parent award report block reply Youngman1234 19 points 2 days ago What ever happened to that Florida girl who was in Congress from Colorado, hot chick with four kids? permalink parent award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 5 points 2 days ago She's still around. permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 0 points 2 days ago Lauren “movie theater titties” Boebert? permalink parent award report block reply Nat4Pat 11 points 2 days ago That's basically how most conservative influencers make their money. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 8 points 2 days ago It's the classic sweet lies vs hard truths. Yes Hard Truths hurts in the beginning,  but sweet lies hurts 100 fold in the future. permalink parent award report block reply load 7 more comments...
henri_derelicte 35 points 2 days ago Sounds like a certain Ohio gubernatorial candidate permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 23 points 2 days ago You mean basically any politician save for a select few. permalink parent award report block reply
Than0sIII 23 points 2 days ago You mean basically any politician save for a select few. permalink parent award report block reply
Corse46 20 points 2 days ago Are you referring to Trump? Or MTG permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -5 points 2 days ago Presumably MTG, one of the biggest frauds in politics. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago yes no longer supported MTG the day she turned and attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not voting for McCarthy to remain speaker.  MTG is upset about the deportations because she hires illegals at her construction companies.  A Grifter and soon everyone on here will see that. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage -5 points 2 days ago Presumably MTG, one of the biggest frauds in politics. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago yes no longer supported MTG the day she turned and attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not voting for McCarthy to remain speaker.  MTG is upset about the deportations because she hires illegals at her construction companies.  A Grifter and soon everyone on here will see that. permalink parent award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago yes no longer supported MTG the day she turned and attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not voting for McCarthy to remain speaker.  MTG is upset about the deportations because she hires illegals at her construction companies.  A Grifter and soon everyone on here will see that. permalink parent award report block reply
Youngman1234 19 points 2 days ago What ever happened to that Florida girl who was in Congress from Colorado, hot chick with four kids? permalink parent award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 5 points 2 days ago She's still around. permalink parent award report block reply DanIsSwell 0 points 2 days ago Lauren “movie theater titties” Boebert? permalink parent award report block reply
Brock_Shithouse 5 points 2 days ago She's still around. permalink parent award report block reply
DanIsSwell 0 points 2 days ago Lauren “movie theater titties” Boebert? permalink parent award report block reply
Nat4Pat 11 points 2 days ago That's basically how most conservative influencers make their money. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 8 points 2 days ago It's the classic sweet lies vs hard truths. Yes Hard Truths hurts in the beginning,  but sweet lies hurts 100 fold in the future. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 49 points 2 days ago I'm so glad we have all this infighting and no major wins that won't be immediately undone by the next democrat in power permalink award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 29 points 2 days ago Because Trump has lost touch with his base. He used to be the outsider. I heard a great quote this morning: "Trump joined the Never-Trump coalition." or something to that effect. My guess is that "they" sent a .223 round through his ear and then told him next time they wouldn't miss. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 10 points 2 days ago The real mistake was all of us hitching our wagons to one guy to turn America around in one night. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 2 days ago this is what the Democrats are unfortunately really good at not doing. They will use a figurehead like Obama as the front but meanwhile they are religiously all on the same page, a focused concerted effort, every, single, fucking, time. That's how they were able to get away with the 2020 election and how they get so much done so quickly when they have the majority in any body/organization. I hate it but Republicans are like frat boys at a champagne party. They're all kinda gay and stand around with smile masks on while they are really thinking about what their individual self wants out of it all. I don't like where we are right now, the wind was in the sails with DJT at the helm again but no one was on deck working in unison and now we have foreign ships telling DJT where to turn the ship. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 5 points 2 days ago And who nose who could’ve possibly shot that round… permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 2 days ago Checks out permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago Funny How I was saying this 5 fucking months ago. Ignore me at your own peril. Listen. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 19 points 2 days ago The infighting is solvable. Stop supporting Israel. Fuck them. They are genocidal maniacs. That’s it. There’s no compromise. The young right is not ever going to support Israel, neither is the left. Israel is fucked. We aren’t capitulating. We aren’t compromising. Either get on board or die off with the Israel First boomers. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 9 points 2 days ago It would have helped if Trump didn't spend all summer spitting directly in the eye of all of the different subgroups of his supporters and getting everyone riled up. Hopefully he can still turn things around and pull off a win that isn't temporary or superficial, but damn that was dumb. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago The infighting has blinded you. There's quite the laundry list of wins. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 8 points 2 days ago HAHAHA!!!!!!! Outside of the Laken Riley Act  name something that will last. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago Well you'll be a fagot for years to come. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 1 day ago So, you just proved the point. There are little to no wins. Just smoke, in the form of executive fiat. permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 4 points 2 days ago Pffft are we still talking about the Epstein list??? /s permalink parent award report block reply
SwedishChainsaw2 29 points 2 days ago Because Trump has lost touch with his base. He used to be the outsider. I heard a great quote this morning: "Trump joined the Never-Trump coalition." or something to that effect. My guess is that "they" sent a .223 round through his ear and then told him next time they wouldn't miss. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 10 points 2 days ago The real mistake was all of us hitching our wagons to one guy to turn America around in one night. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 2 days ago this is what the Democrats are unfortunately really good at not doing. They will use a figurehead like Obama as the front but meanwhile they are religiously all on the same page, a focused concerted effort, every, single, fucking, time. That's how they were able to get away with the 2020 election and how they get so much done so quickly when they have the majority in any body/organization. I hate it but Republicans are like frat boys at a champagne party. They're all kinda gay and stand around with smile masks on while they are really thinking about what their individual self wants out of it all. I don't like where we are right now, the wind was in the sails with DJT at the helm again but no one was on deck working in unison and now we have foreign ships telling DJT where to turn the ship. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 5 points 2 days ago And who nose who could’ve possibly shot that round… permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 2 days ago Checks out permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago Funny How I was saying this 5 fucking months ago. Ignore me at your own peril. Listen. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 10 points 2 days ago The real mistake was all of us hitching our wagons to one guy to turn America around in one night. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 2 days ago this is what the Democrats are unfortunately really good at not doing. They will use a figurehead like Obama as the front but meanwhile they are religiously all on the same page, a focused concerted effort, every, single, fucking, time. That's how they were able to get away with the 2020 election and how they get so much done so quickly when they have the majority in any body/organization. I hate it but Republicans are like frat boys at a champagne party. They're all kinda gay and stand around with smile masks on while they are really thinking about what their individual self wants out of it all. I don't like where we are right now, the wind was in the sails with DJT at the helm again but no one was on deck working in unison and now we have foreign ships telling DJT where to turn the ship. permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 2 points 2 days ago this is what the Democrats are unfortunately really good at not doing. They will use a figurehead like Obama as the front but meanwhile they are religiously all on the same page, a focused concerted effort, every, single, fucking, time. That's how they were able to get away with the 2020 election and how they get so much done so quickly when they have the majority in any body/organization. I hate it but Republicans are like frat boys at a champagne party. They're all kinda gay and stand around with smile masks on while they are really thinking about what their individual self wants out of it all. I don't like where we are right now, the wind was in the sails with DJT at the helm again but no one was on deck working in unison and now we have foreign ships telling DJT where to turn the ship. permalink parent award report block reply
Snooptwo 5 points 2 days ago And who nose who could’ve possibly shot that round… permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto 0 points 2 days ago Checks out permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard -3 points 2 days ago Funny How I was saying this 5 fucking months ago. Ignore me at your own peril. Listen. permalink parent award report block reply
Snooptwo 19 points 2 days ago The infighting is solvable. Stop supporting Israel. Fuck them. They are genocidal maniacs. That’s it. There’s no compromise. The young right is not ever going to support Israel, neither is the left. Israel is fucked. We aren’t capitulating. We aren’t compromising. Either get on board or die off with the Israel First boomers. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 9 points 2 days ago It would have helped if Trump didn't spend all summer spitting directly in the eye of all of the different subgroups of his supporters and getting everyone riled up. Hopefully he can still turn things around and pull off a win that isn't temporary or superficial, but damn that was dumb. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 6 points 2 days ago The infighting has blinded you. There's quite the laundry list of wins. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 8 points 2 days ago HAHAHA!!!!!!! Outside of the Laken Riley Act  name something that will last. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago Well you'll be a fagot for years to come. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 1 day ago So, you just proved the point. There are little to no wins. Just smoke, in the form of executive fiat. permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 8 points 2 days ago HAHAHA!!!!!!! Outside of the Laken Riley Act  name something that will last. permalink parent award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago Well you'll be a fagot for years to come. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 1 day ago So, you just proved the point. There are little to no wins. Just smoke, in the form of executive fiat. permalink parent award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 -3 points 2 days ago Well you'll be a fagot for years to come. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 1 day ago So, you just proved the point. There are little to no wins. Just smoke, in the form of executive fiat. permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 1 points 1 day ago So, you just proved the point. There are little to no wins. Just smoke, in the form of executive fiat. permalink parent award report block reply
DeaduponArousal 4 points 2 days ago Pffft are we still talking about the Epstein list??? /s permalink parent award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 17 points 2 days ago Marjorie is for Marjorie. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago yup. She feels so LEFT OUT when the federal attention is focused on international matters that directly impact the USA in some way.  It’s completely over her head.  Because it’s the most masculine of duties: Protecting and providing for the home & hearth. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 0 points 1 day ago And Trump is for Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago yup. She feels so LEFT OUT when the federal attention is focused on international matters that directly impact the USA in some way.  It’s completely over her head.  Because it’s the most masculine of duties: Protecting and providing for the home & hearth. permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 0 points 1 day ago And Trump is for Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 14 points 2 days ago This has the same vibe to it that I got from Ann Coulter. I always suspected Coulter wanted some gig in the White House cabinet and didn't get it. To perform the turnaround she did just seemed so PERSONAL. Pretty sure MTG has similar aspirations, only bigger, and she got the snub too. permalink award report block reply ShadowInv 28 points 2 days ago She calls out israel who has control over trump. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 13 points 2 days ago Didn't seem that way when everyone was convinced he was going to start a war with Iran, for Israel, but instead told them to turn their planes around. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes -1 points 2 days ago Yeah, it just becomes more obvious by the day that PDW is a giant hovel of LARPing leftists. Remember when MTG covered this entire site? And now there's this headline that she's a leftist... All I'm saying, people here sure love sucking off John Fetterman. https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9iqP1I/x/c Like seriously. permalink parent award report block reply MindPhantom109 2 points 2 days ago TRUE permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Just cause he puts hebroo land first doesnt mean they control him! -ben permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Correct!  Also she is against Trump deportations.  She owns construction company illegals.  How is that being MAGA.  Also she is now a feminist blaming everything on the men in congress and Trump's admin.  If she was so against Israel and Ukraine funding then why did she stick up for Kevin McCarthy as speaker so much when he was the most pro Ukraine and Israel funding GOP speaker ever?  She even attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not supporting McCarthy as speaker permalink parent award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 6 points 2 days ago Getting the same vibe from Rand Paul now too. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 6 points 2 days ago Rand Paul and Massie have always had TDS.  Both never voted or endorsed Trump.  Paul supports amnesty for illegals and H1B Visa increases.  Just look at his history on voting for illegal immigration not MAGA at all. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 4 points 2 days ago Massie is far and away the best congressman we have. It’s not close. I wish he would vote accordingly more often, but the fact that billionaire jewess mega donor is pouring $20million into opposing him tells you everything you need to know. It’s because he isn’t an AIPAC bootlicker. Once you realize all this bullshit is because Israel runs our politics, who they go after makes more sense. They’re so fucking out of touch it’s crazy. You have a Muslim mayor in NYC because dumb fuck elites think him not traveling to Israel is somehow a massive problem, where I find it to be a positive. Fuck Israel. Never forget the USS Liberty. permalink parent award report block reply Area82 1 points 2 days ago Him voting against President Trump whenever it matters doesn’t help him much with MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago C'mon, Pajeet, tell us: how much has Miriam Adelson paid you? Have you received any of the 200M she's using to stop Massie from getting reelected? Or, Pajeet, do you just get $2/day from your IDF handler in your shitty Indian village? permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 5 points 2 days ago Happens when deal with lifetime grifters. How you solve this is dont deal.with lifetime grifters. permalink parent award report block reply SimplyRedPills 1 points 1 day ago exactly why women don't belong in politics permalink parent award report block reply
ShadowInv 28 points 2 days ago She calls out israel who has control over trump. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 13 points 2 days ago Didn't seem that way when everyone was convinced he was going to start a war with Iran, for Israel, but instead told them to turn their planes around. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes -1 points 2 days ago Yeah, it just becomes more obvious by the day that PDW is a giant hovel of LARPing leftists. Remember when MTG covered this entire site? And now there's this headline that she's a leftist... All I'm saying, people here sure love sucking off John Fetterman. https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9iqP1I/x/c Like seriously. permalink parent award report block reply MindPhantom109 2 points 2 days ago TRUE permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Just cause he puts hebroo land first doesnt mean they control him! -ben permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 13 points 2 days ago Didn't seem that way when everyone was convinced he was going to start a war with Iran, for Israel, but instead told them to turn their planes around. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes -1 points 2 days ago Yeah, it just becomes more obvious by the day that PDW is a giant hovel of LARPing leftists. Remember when MTG covered this entire site? And now there's this headline that she's a leftist... All I'm saying, people here sure love sucking off John Fetterman. https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9iqP1I/x/c Like seriously. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes -1 points 2 days ago Yeah, it just becomes more obvious by the day that PDW is a giant hovel of LARPing leftists. Remember when MTG covered this entire site? And now there's this headline that she's a leftist... All I'm saying, people here sure love sucking off John Fetterman. https://patriots.win/c/TheDonald/p/1ARK9iqP1I/x/c Like seriously. permalink parent award report block reply
MindPhantom109 2 points 2 days ago TRUE permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Just cause he puts hebroo land first doesnt mean they control him! -ben permalink parent award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Correct!  Also she is against Trump deportations.  She owns construction company illegals.  How is that being MAGA.  Also she is now a feminist blaming everything on the men in congress and Trump's admin.  If she was so against Israel and Ukraine funding then why did she stick up for Kevin McCarthy as speaker so much when he was the most pro Ukraine and Israel funding GOP speaker ever?  She even attacked MAGA on Steve Bannons show for not supporting McCarthy as speaker permalink parent award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 6 points 2 days ago Getting the same vibe from Rand Paul now too. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 6 points 2 days ago Rand Paul and Massie have always had TDS.  Both never voted or endorsed Trump.  Paul supports amnesty for illegals and H1B Visa increases.  Just look at his history on voting for illegal immigration not MAGA at all. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 4 points 2 days ago Massie is far and away the best congressman we have. It’s not close. I wish he would vote accordingly more often, but the fact that billionaire jewess mega donor is pouring $20million into opposing him tells you everything you need to know. It’s because he isn’t an AIPAC bootlicker. Once you realize all this bullshit is because Israel runs our politics, who they go after makes more sense. They’re so fucking out of touch it’s crazy. You have a Muslim mayor in NYC because dumb fuck elites think him not traveling to Israel is somehow a massive problem, where I find it to be a positive. Fuck Israel. Never forget the USS Liberty. permalink parent award report block reply Area82 1 points 2 days ago Him voting against President Trump whenever it matters doesn’t help him much with MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago C'mon, Pajeet, tell us: how much has Miriam Adelson paid you? Have you received any of the 200M she's using to stop Massie from getting reelected? Or, Pajeet, do you just get $2/day from your IDF handler in your shitty Indian village? permalink parent award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 6 points 2 days ago Rand Paul and Massie have always had TDS.  Both never voted or endorsed Trump.  Paul supports amnesty for illegals and H1B Visa increases.  Just look at his history on voting for illegal immigration not MAGA at all. permalink parent award report block reply Snooptwo 4 points 2 days ago Massie is far and away the best congressman we have. It’s not close. I wish he would vote accordingly more often, but the fact that billionaire jewess mega donor is pouring $20million into opposing him tells you everything you need to know. It’s because he isn’t an AIPAC bootlicker. Once you realize all this bullshit is because Israel runs our politics, who they go after makes more sense. They’re so fucking out of touch it’s crazy. You have a Muslim mayor in NYC because dumb fuck elites think him not traveling to Israel is somehow a massive problem, where I find it to be a positive. Fuck Israel. Never forget the USS Liberty. permalink parent award report block reply Area82 1 points 2 days ago Him voting against President Trump whenever it matters doesn’t help him much with MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago C'mon, Pajeet, tell us: how much has Miriam Adelson paid you? Have you received any of the 200M she's using to stop Massie from getting reelected? Or, Pajeet, do you just get $2/day from your IDF handler in your shitty Indian village? permalink parent award report block reply
Snooptwo 4 points 2 days ago Massie is far and away the best congressman we have. It’s not close. I wish he would vote accordingly more often, but the fact that billionaire jewess mega donor is pouring $20million into opposing him tells you everything you need to know. It’s because he isn’t an AIPAC bootlicker. Once you realize all this bullshit is because Israel runs our politics, who they go after makes more sense. They’re so fucking out of touch it’s crazy. You have a Muslim mayor in NYC because dumb fuck elites think him not traveling to Israel is somehow a massive problem, where I find it to be a positive. Fuck Israel. Never forget the USS Liberty. permalink parent award report block reply Area82 1 points 2 days ago Him voting against President Trump whenever it matters doesn’t help him much with MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Area82 1 points 2 days ago Him voting against President Trump whenever it matters doesn’t help him much with MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago C'mon, Pajeet, tell us: how much has Miriam Adelson paid you? Have you received any of the 200M she's using to stop Massie from getting reelected? Or, Pajeet, do you just get $2/day from your IDF handler in your shitty Indian village? permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 5 points 2 days ago Happens when deal with lifetime grifters. How you solve this is dont deal.with lifetime grifters. permalink parent award report block reply
SimplyRedPills 1 points 1 day ago exactly why women don't belong in politics permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 14 points 2 days ago FUCK. ISRAEL. permalink award report block reply
mailinvoter 14 points 2 days ago I'm not an MTG fan since she used her nose as McCarthy's butt plug, but what I heard was she complimented Pelosi on getting things done "for the demonrats" where our side constantly back stabs each other, especially our Speakers and Senate leaders regardless of minority or majority. permalink award report block reply
BidenSniffsLittleKid 13 points 2 days ago This message brought to you in part by Mariam Adelson permalink award report block reply
Lorrainer 8 points 2 days ago Implementing 50 year mortgages is like Implementing indentured servitude. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor -3 points 2 days ago You don't have to take one permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor -3 points 2 days ago You don't have to take one permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 8 points 2 days ago I hate to say it but the to me it appears that the tribe has our boi by the fkn stones permalink award report block reply
Tacitus1963 8 points 2 days ago I think the problem is his Chief of Staff, Susie Wiles, who is purposely sabotaging his agenda. She is a Bushite which is a major red flag.
Supposedly, she put the Gaetz nomination on ice and got Trump to nominate Spam Blondi instead.
Wiles apparently controls all access to Trump.
I wouldn't be surprised if some of these BS ideas are coming from her and those who managed to get her close enough to Trump's ear to wreak havoc with his base.
If he had any sense, he would fire both her and Spam.
Then he could appoint the Deputy Chief of Staff, Steven Miller, to be in charge.
Maybe someone with testicular fortitude could be nominated as AG instead. permalink award report block reply Obambi 2 points 2 days ago Wiles is a gate keeper. Never trust a woman. permalink parent award report block reply
Obambi 2 points 2 days ago Wiles is a gate keeper. Never trust a woman. permalink parent award report block reply
Owmyballz 7 points 2 days ago Does Donny consider being against AIPAC makes your a communist now? permalink award report block reply
Csherm 5 points 2 days ago Mr. President, your democrat is showing. Again. permalink award report block reply
awookienookie 5 points 2 days ago Let me guess, Trump doesn’t like she won’t bend the knee for isreal permalink award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago no she criticized his mass deportations and does not agree with it.  She said it on the View of all places.  She also is acting like a feminist that hates men.  The View hyenas were loving her. permalink parent award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 3 points 2 days ago no she criticized his mass deportations and does not agree with it.  She said it on the View of all places.  She also is acting like a feminist that hates men.  The View hyenas were loving her. permalink parent award report block reply
FreeAsABirdie 4 points 2 days ago Fck MTG I was done with her when she supported KM👎🏼 permalink award report block reply Corse46 93 points 2 days ago I didn't like when she supported McCarthy either, but she happens to be right in this case. She said that one of the reasons we got completely demolished in Tuesday's elections was because Trump is spending too much time focusing on foreign problems and not enough on domestic problems (America First problems). She's right. It's not the only reason we got creamed, but its definitely one of them. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 46 points 2 days ago 100%. For the past 10 months the Trump Administration has shown more love and focus on the bastard countries instead of the massive amount of issues we have here. Giving significant amounts of money to Israel and Ukraine should not be a focus of our government; especially when we have the worst inflation this country has ever seen, housing price crisis, gas price crisis, illegal aliens crisis (which he's doing a pretty good job at so far), all-around grocery prices (which he's also talking with this EBT/SNAP restriction, thankfully). I've seen more love being poured for everyone EXCEPT us and it's sickening. permalink parent award report block reply bck- 8 points 2 days ago Definitely showing love by tariffing the fuck out of everyone permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 2 days ago I agree. We can strengthen foreign alliances later, after we deal with shit at home first. And then only with based countries like Hungary and Japan, and maybe a few more. permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 21 points 2 days ago Yeah the other reason is that lefties are fucking insane and will always show up in number, especially in their own strongholds, to push through whoever's got a D next to their name. And of course there's fraud/cheating. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 14 points 2 days ago Spend time in a blue city and it becomes clear half the people arent working and are supported by the government.  So naturally all their time cam be spent making sure the handouts continue permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 15 points 2 days ago Blaming Trump for a bunch of Trump hating RINOs losing in blue cities and states is peak TDS. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 2 points 2 days ago This thread is proof amongst many that this website has nothing to do with MAGA or thedonald anymore, its devolved into the same media parrot bullshit reddit is. permalink parent award report block reply Stansdad 1 points 2 days ago Ya this site is fucking gay now to many fags on here crying about everything Trump does.  Don't know if its a bunch of leftist reddit fags or poo throwing Indians but this place is really gay now. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You need to put in the work. We didnt even try permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 9 points 2 days ago She's not right and neither are you. Trump is setting us up in preparation on the global stage for the next big conflict. Go look at everything he's done internationally. Canals, shipping routes, trade routes, more allies in the ME, trade deals that hurt China and Russia, land deals like Canada and Greenland that help protect the United States. Everything she and others are bitching about can be handled by states and local governments. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead -1 points 2 days ago So, "Russia Russia Russia" is the in thing now? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 days ago lol.  Sure permalink parent award report block reply Bbme19 1 points 2 days ago He was excellent in his first term and what did the voters say to him? Fuck these elections. We don't care. The truth is that Republicans just don't turn out, winning or losing. It was bound to happen and I'm not surprised. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... GA_Logic 10 points 2 days ago KM has always been a loser but MTG has a point that families are being financially broken by insurance premiums. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 10 points 2 days ago Her solution is to just keep extending and expanding the subsidies that caused insurance premiums to sky rocket in the first place. She also blamed Republicans for the Schumer shut down because they refuse to give in to the Democrats' extortion tactics. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 5 points 2 days ago I believe her position of extension is based on there is no plan so do not rock the boat. Women always will chose safety over boldness. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 2 days ago okay what about her not supporting the mass deportations and how she owns construction company that needs illegals? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rosebud4Jesus 4 points 2 days ago she fears the mass deportations taking away all the illegals she has hired over the years to work at her construction company.  She basically criticized Trump's mass deportations on the View. permalink parent award report block reply Pearl 1 points 2 days ago Trump also supported him. McCarthy was his guy. permalink parent award report block reply FreeAsABirdie 1 points 1 day ago true, he was a dumbass too 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
Corse46 93 points 2 days ago I didn't like when she supported McCarthy either, but she happens to be right in this case. She said that one of the reasons we got completely demolished in Tuesday's elections was because Trump is spending too much time focusing on foreign problems and not enough on domestic problems (America First problems). She's right. It's not the only reason we got creamed, but its definitely one of them. permalink parent award report block reply Bearing51 46 points 2 days ago 100%. For the past 10 months the Trump Administration has shown more love and focus on the bastard countries instead of the massive amount of issues we have here. Giving significant amounts of money to Israel and Ukraine should not be a focus of our government; especially when we have the worst inflation this country has ever seen, housing price crisis, gas price crisis, illegal aliens crisis (which he's doing a pretty good job at so far), all-around grocery prices (which he's also talking with this EBT/SNAP restriction, thankfully). I've seen more love being poured for everyone EXCEPT us and it's sickening. permalink parent award report block reply bck- 8 points 2 days ago Definitely showing love by tariffing the fuck out of everyone permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 2 days ago I agree. We can strengthen foreign alliances later, after we deal with shit at home first. And then only with based countries like Hungary and Japan, and maybe a few more. permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 21 points 2 days ago Yeah the other reason is that lefties are fucking insane and will always show up in number, especially in their own strongholds, to push through whoever's got a D next to their name. And of course there's fraud/cheating. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 14 points 2 days ago Spend time in a blue city and it becomes clear half the people arent working and are supported by the government.  So naturally all their time cam be spent making sure the handouts continue permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 15 points 2 days ago Blaming Trump for a bunch of Trump hating RINOs losing in blue cities and states is peak TDS. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 2 points 2 days ago This thread is proof amongst many that this website has nothing to do with MAGA or thedonald anymore, its devolved into the same media parrot bullshit reddit is. permalink parent award report block reply Stansdad 1 points 2 days ago Ya this site is fucking gay now to many fags on here crying about everything Trump does.  Don't know if its a bunch of leftist reddit fags or poo throwing Indians but this place is really gay now. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You need to put in the work. We didnt even try permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 9 points 2 days ago She's not right and neither are you. Trump is setting us up in preparation on the global stage for the next big conflict. Go look at everything he's done internationally. Canals, shipping routes, trade routes, more allies in the ME, trade deals that hurt China and Russia, land deals like Canada and Greenland that help protect the United States. Everything she and others are bitching about can be handled by states and local governments. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead -1 points 2 days ago So, "Russia Russia Russia" is the in thing now? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 days ago lol.  Sure permalink parent award report block reply Bbme19 1 points 2 days ago He was excellent in his first term and what did the voters say to him? Fuck these elections. We don't care. The truth is that Republicans just don't turn out, winning or losing. It was bound to happen and I'm not surprised. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Bearing51 46 points 2 days ago 100%. For the past 10 months the Trump Administration has shown more love and focus on the bastard countries instead of the massive amount of issues we have here. Giving significant amounts of money to Israel and Ukraine should not be a focus of our government; especially when we have the worst inflation this country has ever seen, housing price crisis, gas price crisis, illegal aliens crisis (which he's doing a pretty good job at so far), all-around grocery prices (which he's also talking with this EBT/SNAP restriction, thankfully). I've seen more love being poured for everyone EXCEPT us and it's sickening. permalink parent award report block reply bck- 8 points 2 days ago Definitely showing love by tariffing the fuck out of everyone permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 2 days ago I agree. We can strengthen foreign alliances later, after we deal with shit at home first. And then only with based countries like Hungary and Japan, and maybe a few more. permalink parent award report block reply
bck- 8 points 2 days ago Definitely showing love by tariffing the fuck out of everyone permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 2 days ago I agree. We can strengthen foreign alliances later, after we deal with shit at home first. And then only with based countries like Hungary and Japan, and maybe a few more. permalink parent award report block reply
Than0sIII 21 points 2 days ago Yeah the other reason is that lefties are fucking insane and will always show up in number, especially in their own strongholds, to push through whoever's got a D next to their name. And of course there's fraud/cheating. permalink parent award report block reply America_No_1 14 points 2 days ago Spend time in a blue city and it becomes clear half the people arent working and are supported by the government.  So naturally all their time cam be spent making sure the handouts continue permalink parent award report block reply
America_No_1 14 points 2 days ago Spend time in a blue city and it becomes clear half the people arent working and are supported by the government.  So naturally all their time cam be spent making sure the handouts continue permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 15 points 2 days ago Blaming Trump for a bunch of Trump hating RINOs losing in blue cities and states is peak TDS. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 2 points 2 days ago This thread is proof amongst many that this website has nothing to do with MAGA or thedonald anymore, its devolved into the same media parrot bullshit reddit is. permalink parent award report block reply Stansdad 1 points 2 days ago Ya this site is fucking gay now to many fags on here crying about everything Trump does.  Don't know if its a bunch of leftist reddit fags or poo throwing Indians but this place is really gay now. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You need to put in the work. We didnt even try permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 2 points 2 days ago This thread is proof amongst many that this website has nothing to do with MAGA or thedonald anymore, its devolved into the same media parrot bullshit reddit is. permalink parent award report block reply Stansdad 1 points 2 days ago Ya this site is fucking gay now to many fags on here crying about everything Trump does.  Don't know if its a bunch of leftist reddit fags or poo throwing Indians but this place is really gay now. permalink parent award report block reply
Stansdad 1 points 2 days ago Ya this site is fucking gay now to many fags on here crying about everything Trump does.  Don't know if its a bunch of leftist reddit fags or poo throwing Indians but this place is really gay now. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard -1 points 2 days ago You need to put in the work. We didnt even try permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 9 points 2 days ago She's not right and neither are you. Trump is setting us up in preparation on the global stage for the next big conflict. Go look at everything he's done internationally. Canals, shipping routes, trade routes, more allies in the ME, trade deals that hurt China and Russia, land deals like Canada and Greenland that help protect the United States. Everything she and others are bitching about can be handled by states and local governments. permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead -1 points 2 days ago So, "Russia Russia Russia" is the in thing now? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 days ago lol.  Sure permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead -1 points 2 days ago So, "Russia Russia Russia" is the in thing now? permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 days ago lol.  Sure permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 2 days ago lol.  Sure permalink parent award report block reply
Bbme19 1 points 2 days ago He was excellent in his first term and what did the voters say to him? Fuck these elections. We don't care. The truth is that Republicans just don't turn out, winning or losing. It was bound to happen and I'm not surprised. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 10 points 2 days ago KM has always been a loser but MTG has a point that families are being financially broken by insurance premiums. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 10 points 2 days ago Her solution is to just keep extending and expanding the subsidies that caused insurance premiums to sky rocket in the first place. She also blamed Republicans for the Schumer shut down because they refuse to give in to the Democrats' extortion tactics. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 5 points 2 days ago I believe her position of extension is based on there is no plan so do not rock the boat. Women always will chose safety over boldness. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 2 days ago okay what about her not supporting the mass deportations and how she owns construction company that needs illegals? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rosebud4Jesus 4 points 2 days ago she fears the mass deportations taking away all the illegals she has hired over the years to work at her construction company.  She basically criticized Trump's mass deportations on the View. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 10 points 2 days ago Her solution is to just keep extending and expanding the subsidies that caused insurance premiums to sky rocket in the first place. She also blamed Republicans for the Schumer shut down because they refuse to give in to the Democrats' extortion tactics. permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 5 points 2 days ago I believe her position of extension is based on there is no plan so do not rock the boat. Women always will chose safety over boldness. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 2 days ago okay what about her not supporting the mass deportations and how she owns construction company that needs illegals? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
GA_Logic 5 points 2 days ago I believe her position of extension is based on there is no plan so do not rock the boat. Women always will chose safety over boldness. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 2 days ago okay what about her not supporting the mass deportations and how she owns construction company that needs illegals? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 2 days ago okay what about her not supporting the mass deportations and how she owns construction company that needs illegals? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Rosebud4Jesus 4 points 2 days ago she fears the mass deportations taking away all the illegals she has hired over the years to work at her construction company.  She basically criticized Trump's mass deportations on the View. permalink parent award report block reply
Pearl 1 points 2 days ago Trump also supported him. McCarthy was his guy. permalink parent award report block reply FreeAsABirdie 1 points 1 day ago true, he was a dumbass too 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
FreeAsABirdie 1 points 1 day ago true, he was a dumbass too 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
ShitFromShinola 4 points 2 days ago Is there currently a law or regulation prohibiting a 50 year mortgage? permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, the law against being retarded permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola -1 points 1 day ago Right. If there were such a thing, you'd be doing 25 to life, Einstein. permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago Yeah, the law against being retarded permalink parent award report block reply ShitFromShinola -1 points 1 day ago Right. If there were such a thing, you'd be doing 25 to life, Einstein. permalink parent award report block reply
ShitFromShinola -1 points 1 day ago Right. If there were such a thing, you'd be doing 25 to life, Einstein. permalink parent award report block reply
Keiichi81 4 points 2 days ago Oh boy, more in-fighting! /s permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 4 points 2 days ago Seems like Steve Bannon has lost the Presidents ear because he's been off for awhile now. permalink award report block reply
itspancakees 4 points 2 days ago Why are we doing favors for the tribe? It should be the other way around permalink award report block reply
Big-E 4 points 2 days ago I don’t trust her. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago I don't trust you either Pajeet permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 1 points 1 day ago I don't trust you either Pajeet permalink parent award report block reply
Logan051361 4 points 2 days ago Her name is MUD permalink award report block reply
Goozmania 4 points 2 days ago MTG has been significantly more MAGA than Trump these past few months. permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 3 points 2 days ago just because you don't tow the establishment republican line doesn't mean you are "catering to the left." permalink award report block reply
Urusovite 3 points 2 days ago Well she’s also correct. permalink award report block reply
orange_kek_great 3 points 2 days ago You just lick the Israel asshole or you're not worthy apparently. permalink award report block reply
Donald_Gold 3 points 2 days ago Some of you are gay shills. Mtg is a brown maxing retard. permalink award report block reply
Prof_Smith 3 points 2 days ago She’s always been an idiot.   Nothing new there. Add in the horse face and you have a big pile of shit. permalink award report block reply
RiolindasReturn 3 points 2 days ago Not helpful. permalink award report block reply
PoohBearBalloon 3 points 2 days ago MTG has been on the Trump train since the beginning.  Loyalty didn't matter when Israel is involved. permalink award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 3 points 2 days ago Trump blink twice if Miriam Adelson made you say this permalink award report block reply
Executarian2 3 points 2 days ago Yeah, fuck this. permalink award report block reply
billybaldwin2 2 points 2 days ago Ruby red district that's like 80% GOP. permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 2 points 2 days ago At least she doesn't have TDS? I guess permalink award report block reply
Pats5x 2 points 2 days ago Trump is losing lots of support with stupid fucking statements like this ... 600k chicom students are "maga"....50 year mortgages are "maga"....he's fucking us permalink award report block reply
I_heart_blastbeats 2 points 2 days ago Boy he really doesn't want MTG to read the Epstien list on the house floor when it re-opens doesn't he permalink award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 2 days ago He's joining the pedocrats... permalink award report block reply
czargwar 2 points 2 days ago Trump attacking MAGA base sure makes him look like a fraud permalink award report block reply lul_cheto -2 points 2 days ago All he needs is ben u fags permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto -2 points 2 days ago All he needs is ben u fags permalink parent award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 1 points 1 day ago How about he drops Israel and the Epstein list permalink award report block reply
brewser724 1 points 2 days ago Can someone give him a 'stop saying dumb shit" pill? permalink award report block reply
bratt 1 points 2 days ago Now that he recognizes MTG has been compromised he should look into Patel and Bongino. Bondi has always been compromised but he should look into her too. permalink award report block reply
fightfightfightx 0 points 2 days ago Trump likely knows it wasnt "Iran" that told Mayorkas, the head of the DHS, to have the secret service (that he oversaw) leave a roof open next to him in Butler. He's gotta do what Israel wants or he'll get shot again. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 0 points 2 days ago Ever since hollywood moved in only peaches and leeches come from Georgia. She doesn't look like a peach to me, so that pretty much narrows it down. permalink award report block reply
Iranhasnukes 0 points 2 days ago You all making this about Israel are dumb ass mutha fers.  You’re like the leftists all bent about pedo controls.  Enough already, just sound like fricken leftist idiots. permalink award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 0 points 2 days ago He's compromised, he's draining the money changers ball sacks daily now.. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 2 days ago Trump is a clown for blindly thinking Israel is loyal to him. They will congratule Biden before the ballots are counted. permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle -2 points 2 days ago Stormfags and unemployed millennial fags big mad they have to pull themselves up by their bootstraps to buy a house and pay back mortgages like a normal person has since 1950. We didn't have it easier back then either and Trump is letting you pay less a month for your house. The entitlement from this generation is embarrassing. Now they think of siding with the woke right subverters like Fed Fuentes, Candace Owens, Cucker Carlson, and MTG? These people have very clearly lost the plot and the woke right are going to sabotage us in the midterms! permalink award report block reply
LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
MindPhantom109 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
lul_cheto 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply