31 VIVEK'S DEMOCRAT RIVAL AMY ACTON IN OHIO - "Vivek told us how he really feels when he said that Ohioans aren't succeeding because they're lazy and mediocre. That couldn't be further from what I'm seeing on the ground every day. Ohioans are working harder than ever, they're doing everything right" posted 3 hours ago by bleeje 11 comments award share report block Dr. Amy Acton @amyactonoh • 7h Vivek Ramaswamy told us how he really feels when he said that Ohioans aren't succeeding because they're lazy and mediocre and watching too much TV. That couldn't be further from what I'm seeing on the ground every day. Ohioans are working harder than ever, they're doing Vivek Ramaswamy @VivekGRamaswamy • 11M The reason top tech companies often hire foreign-born & first-generation engineers over “native” Americans isn’t because of an innate American IQ deficit (a lazy & wrong explanation). A key part of it comes down to the c-word: culture. Tough questions demand tough answers & if
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno ReleasetheList 13 points 3 hours ago When your choice is between a corrupt poojeet that will flood the state with foreigners or a commie whore that will flood the state with foreigners, do you really even have a choice? permalink award report block reply CmonGubMintGibMe 6 points 3 hours ago There is.... but it's not easy... permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 1 points 2 hours ago I will bring the butt wipes permalink parent award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 10 points 3 hours ago They spent 60 years beating that culture out of American citizens - and are now trying to use the fact that they did this horrible evil fucking thing to make us feel bad and allow them to literally genocide us.  Change my motherfucking mind. permalink award report block reply Hoodlum 4 points 3 hours ago If this charade of an election doesn't tell you everything you need to know about how fucking fake our country is, I don't know what to tell you. To tell me that these are going to be the legitimate choices just makes me want to vomit right now. I've had it with our country just being an economic zone. permalink award report block reply Awakened 3 points 2 hours ago This really is why he can't win and Trump was foolish to back him. He had to disappear.  She just has to run an ad 24/7 with his tweets that shit on Americans. This ain't the only one. Poor Ohio. Their getting the commie chick because Vivek won't get the turnout he needs because he has the personality of a cross between a used car salesman and a late night televangelist. And people associate Indians with all the fraud they've had to endure over the last three decades. They are basically throwing this election. Glad I live here in Florida. Looks like property tax is about to get struck down. I invite all pedes to come here. Central Florida is magic. You'll love it. I expect it to be the last free place left. permalink award report block reply HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago And with that he lost. permalink award report block reply magnokor 2 points 2 hours ago Vote for Hunter Biden before a foreign invader who hates you. Sad, but true. Even if you voted for the nicest Third Worlder, all you would get in the future is 100% Third World population there. At least with the evil Democrat, they would bring in a  diverse group of invaders.  It would not be a unified force, so the locals would be wiped out at a slower rate. the reason top tech companies often hire foreign-born & first-generation engineers over “native” Americans is because once India gets a foothold they do what they do best, be the most racist people around, and only hire their own. They win the survey every time. India among world's most racist countries, says survey - India Today Why India Is "The Most Racist Country" For African-Americans India Hate Lab: Anti-minority hate speech up 74% in 2024 A survey released last year by The Washington Post, India was ranked as one of the most racist countries in the world. permalink award report block reply thewordwolf 2 points 1 hour ago Yep. At least she's White, I guess. Still, foreigners and women ruling over you is a curse. permalink parent award report block reply thewordwolf 1 points 1 hour ago She sucks, but she's more right than the Indian scammer. permalink award report block reply DrCowboyPresident 1 points 1 hour ago MIGA torpedoes the right again. Can't have natives ruling themselves. permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 13 points 3 hours ago When your choice is between a corrupt poojeet that will flood the state with foreigners or a commie whore that will flood the state with foreigners, do you really even have a choice? permalink award report block reply CmonGubMintGibMe 6 points 3 hours ago There is.... but it's not easy... permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 1 points 2 hours ago I will bring the butt wipes permalink parent award report block reply
CmonGubMintGibMe 6 points 3 hours ago There is.... but it's not easy... permalink parent award report block reply Bullet_Tooth_Tony 1 points 2 hours ago I will bring the butt wipes permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet_Tooth_Tony 1 points 2 hours ago I will bring the butt wipes permalink parent award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 10 points 3 hours ago They spent 60 years beating that culture out of American citizens - and are now trying to use the fact that they did this horrible evil fucking thing to make us feel bad and allow them to literally genocide us.  Change my motherfucking mind. permalink award report block reply
Hoodlum 4 points 3 hours ago If this charade of an election doesn't tell you everything you need to know about how fucking fake our country is, I don't know what to tell you. To tell me that these are going to be the legitimate choices just makes me want to vomit right now. I've had it with our country just being an economic zone. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 3 points 2 hours ago This really is why he can't win and Trump was foolish to back him. He had to disappear.  She just has to run an ad 24/7 with his tweets that shit on Americans. This ain't the only one. Poor Ohio. Their getting the commie chick because Vivek won't get the turnout he needs because he has the personality of a cross between a used car salesman and a late night televangelist. And people associate Indians with all the fraud they've had to endure over the last three decades. They are basically throwing this election. Glad I live here in Florida. Looks like property tax is about to get struck down. I invite all pedes to come here. Central Florida is magic. You'll love it. I expect it to be the last free place left. permalink award report block reply
HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago And with that he lost. permalink award report block reply
magnokor 2 points 2 hours ago Vote for Hunter Biden before a foreign invader who hates you. Sad, but true. Even if you voted for the nicest Third Worlder, all you would get in the future is 100% Third World population there. At least with the evil Democrat, they would bring in a  diverse group of invaders.  It would not be a unified force, so the locals would be wiped out at a slower rate. the reason top tech companies often hire foreign-born & first-generation engineers over “native” Americans is because once India gets a foothold they do what they do best, be the most racist people around, and only hire their own. They win the survey every time. India among world's most racist countries, says survey - India Today Why India Is "The Most Racist Country" For African-Americans India Hate Lab: Anti-minority hate speech up 74% in 2024 A survey released last year by The Washington Post, India was ranked as one of the most racist countries in the world. permalink award report block reply thewordwolf 2 points 1 hour ago Yep. At least she's White, I guess. Still, foreigners and women ruling over you is a curse. permalink parent award report block reply
thewordwolf 2 points 1 hour ago Yep. At least she's White, I guess. Still, foreigners and women ruling over you is a curse. permalink parent award report block reply
thewordwolf 1 points 1 hour ago She sucks, but she's more right than the Indian scammer. permalink award report block reply
DrCowboyPresident 1 points 1 hour ago MIGA torpedoes the right again. Can't have natives ruling themselves. permalink award report block reply