451 H1-B INSANITY: Many H1-B Visa Indians have fake degrees that they purchased from diploma mills. They are not the smartest, most talented people in the world like Elon claims. posted 5 days ago by China4Biden 24 comments award share download report block
24 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save BBvarn 25 points 5 days ago Never go to an Indian doctor, they may be fake. permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 11 points 5 days ago We don't recognize their medical degrees and make them resit the exams here in the USA and force them into an internship after they pass. Whilst I'm no fan of street shitter medicine they can't show a Indian Medical Degree and start a Medical Practice and be a registered practitioner. That said these fuckers are some of the most dishonest fuckers on the planet so exercise tough judgement. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 8 points 5 days ago Be that as it may, reject bobbleheads on principle permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 5 days ago Depends. If he's a newly arrived Indian doctor, yeah, could be fake. But if he's an American born Indian doctor or was born in India but has been practising his profession for the last 30 yrs, he's probably one of the best doctors around. The serious corruption started around 2010, when Indians in India realised they could scam their way into the West. Yes, it was there previously but it was not as bad. Social media usage is what made this wide and openly corrupt. This is why even settled Indian Americans were complaining about these new Indian arrivals, who couldn't even speak the language but were in the country for some reason. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 days ago unfortunately, we're in the time line where extreme prejudice has become necessary. the good one's will make it through, don't worry. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... CPT88 2 points 5 days ago There was an Indian flying commercial jet that bought his pilots licence. Lucky this one got caught before he killed people as air traffic noticed the same crew did a nose wheel first landing twice. Only amazing engineering saved those passengers from this idiot. It's one thing to bribe an arts degree but something like pilot where you hold people's lives in your hands plus how the hell does someone feel they them just learn what they need on the job... People like that pilot and instructor will never be honest, they just look at the world in a different lens. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 2 points 5 days ago I trust Dr Zoidberg before Trusting A H1-B Doctor who got its degree via a Mill. permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 7 points 5 days ago I watch a lot of documentaries over the years, I've seen documentaries on India's rampant educational cheating. It got to the point where the police had to monitor tests. However, anyone arrested for cheating will just get bought or bribed out of trouble. My aunt had to work with a lot of immigrants from India, just as she was often sent to work in Europe for exchange programs. She's real positive about people, but sounded like the people her company imported didn't have legitimate education. Yet they had degrees. She felt it was a cultural thing. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 5 days ago "Yes, their culture is what makes them retarded. Not the fact that they can't do math." permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 6 points 5 days ago Fake it till you break it. permalink award report block reply projectarcturus1 5 points 5 days ago No one is shocked. They lie, cheat, and have fake degrees. We shouldn't import any of them and send back all those that are here. permalink award report block reply jsphere256 3 points 5 days ago "Fake it 'til you make it" is the entire economic and security strategy of India permalink award report block reply JoeDapper 3 points 5 days ago State Farm needs to get raided. Bloomington IL! Go get 'em Tom! permalink award report block reply asiatrails 3 points 5 days ago Any who are here on any type of visa needs to have their visa cancelled immediately and deported.  This includes any of them who have obtained Green Cards. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You ready for the best part? The H1b visa folks over at USCIS? They don't document where a degree comes from. They say it's the employer's job to vette the degrees and the applicants. So there's no way to tell which H1b visa holder scammed the system by buying a 1000 dollar bachelor's degree from Mahatma Jasmine Rice University! permalink parent award report block reply asiatrails 2 points 3 days ago An easy solution: the State Department sends a letter to all employers and individual H-1B, other visa, and Green Card holders from India. You have 7 weeks from the date of this letter to provide the MEA Apostille certification of your qualifications.   Failure to do so will result in the immediate withdrawal of all work permits, cancellation of your visa or green card, and that of all dependents.  You will have 48 hours to self-deport. The MEA Apostille is a certification issued by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), Government of India, which authenticates public documents for use in countries that are signatories to the Hague Apostille Convention. permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Thats....cheap. Perhaps I'll purchase myself a degree from this "prestigious"  university.  What do you guys think I should be when I grow up tomorrow? permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago Programmer. Computer Science. Apply to a place and get an interview, but use an Indian name. See how far you can go in the interview process lmao permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 4 days ago lol, ok.  I took basic programming about 20 years ago.  I'll be more like a "big picture" guy. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 4 days ago "Pajeet Patel" permalink parent award report block reply thisisatestof2 2 points 5 days ago I’m sure there’s some really intelligent ones that could provide some useful value training Americans to do the work, so they can go back to India. However, every time I interacted with one of them is just painful, trying to get them to understand the problem, and once I finally get them to do so, communicate with me the correct solution. permalink award report block reply JulliettSierraTango 1 points 5 days ago 100% permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 5 days ago Walmart hires almost exclusively from this university for programmers and the like, making 100k a year and above. permalink award report block reply
BBvarn 25 points 5 days ago Never go to an Indian doctor, they may be fake. permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 11 points 5 days ago We don't recognize their medical degrees and make them resit the exams here in the USA and force them into an internship after they pass. Whilst I'm no fan of street shitter medicine they can't show a Indian Medical Degree and start a Medical Practice and be a registered practitioner. That said these fuckers are some of the most dishonest fuckers on the planet so exercise tough judgement. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 8 points 5 days ago Be that as it may, reject bobbleheads on principle permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 5 days ago Depends. If he's a newly arrived Indian doctor, yeah, could be fake. But if he's an American born Indian doctor or was born in India but has been practising his profession for the last 30 yrs, he's probably one of the best doctors around. The serious corruption started around 2010, when Indians in India realised they could scam their way into the West. Yes, it was there previously but it was not as bad. Social media usage is what made this wide and openly corrupt. This is why even settled Indian Americans were complaining about these new Indian arrivals, who couldn't even speak the language but were in the country for some reason. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 days ago unfortunately, we're in the time line where extreme prejudice has become necessary. the good one's will make it through, don't worry. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... CPT88 2 points 5 days ago There was an Indian flying commercial jet that bought his pilots licence. Lucky this one got caught before he killed people as air traffic noticed the same crew did a nose wheel first landing twice. Only amazing engineering saved those passengers from this idiot. It's one thing to bribe an arts degree but something like pilot where you hold people's lives in your hands plus how the hell does someone feel they them just learn what they need on the job... People like that pilot and instructor will never be honest, they just look at the world in a different lens. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 2 points 5 days ago I trust Dr Zoidberg before Trusting A H1-B Doctor who got its degree via a Mill. permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 11 points 5 days ago We don't recognize their medical degrees and make them resit the exams here in the USA and force them into an internship after they pass. Whilst I'm no fan of street shitter medicine they can't show a Indian Medical Degree and start a Medical Practice and be a registered practitioner. That said these fuckers are some of the most dishonest fuckers on the planet so exercise tough judgement. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 8 points 5 days ago Be that as it may, reject bobbleheads on principle permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 5 days ago Depends. If he's a newly arrived Indian doctor, yeah, could be fake. But if he's an American born Indian doctor or was born in India but has been practising his profession for the last 30 yrs, he's probably one of the best doctors around. The serious corruption started around 2010, when Indians in India realised they could scam their way into the West. Yes, it was there previously but it was not as bad. Social media usage is what made this wide and openly corrupt. This is why even settled Indian Americans were complaining about these new Indian arrivals, who couldn't even speak the language but were in the country for some reason. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 days ago unfortunately, we're in the time line where extreme prejudice has become necessary. the good one's will make it through, don't worry. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
sixfingerdildo 8 points 5 days ago Be that as it may, reject bobbleheads on principle permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 3 points 5 days ago Depends. If he's a newly arrived Indian doctor, yeah, could be fake. But if he's an American born Indian doctor or was born in India but has been practising his profession for the last 30 yrs, he's probably one of the best doctors around. The serious corruption started around 2010, when Indians in India realised they could scam their way into the West. Yes, it was there previously but it was not as bad. Social media usage is what made this wide and openly corrupt. This is why even settled Indian Americans were complaining about these new Indian arrivals, who couldn't even speak the language but were in the country for some reason. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 days ago unfortunately, we're in the time line where extreme prejudice has become necessary. the good one's will make it through, don't worry. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MediaBro 3 points 5 days ago Depends. If he's a newly arrived Indian doctor, yeah, could be fake. But if he's an American born Indian doctor or was born in India but has been practising his profession for the last 30 yrs, he's probably one of the best doctors around. The serious corruption started around 2010, when Indians in India realised they could scam their way into the West. Yes, it was there previously but it was not as bad. Social media usage is what made this wide and openly corrupt. This is why even settled Indian Americans were complaining about these new Indian arrivals, who couldn't even speak the language but were in the country for some reason. permalink parent award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 days ago unfortunately, we're in the time line where extreme prejudice has become necessary. the good one's will make it through, don't worry. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
sixfingerdildo 1 points 5 days ago unfortunately, we're in the time line where extreme prejudice has become necessary. the good one's will make it through, don't worry. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
CPT88 2 points 5 days ago There was an Indian flying commercial jet that bought his pilots licence. Lucky this one got caught before he killed people as air traffic noticed the same crew did a nose wheel first landing twice. Only amazing engineering saved those passengers from this idiot. It's one thing to bribe an arts degree but something like pilot where you hold people's lives in your hands plus how the hell does someone feel they them just learn what they need on the job... People like that pilot and instructor will never be honest, they just look at the world in a different lens. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 2 points 5 days ago I trust Dr Zoidberg before Trusting A H1-B Doctor who got its degree via a Mill. permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 7 points 5 days ago I watch a lot of documentaries over the years, I've seen documentaries on India's rampant educational cheating. It got to the point where the police had to monitor tests. However, anyone arrested for cheating will just get bought or bribed out of trouble. My aunt had to work with a lot of immigrants from India, just as she was often sent to work in Europe for exchange programs. She's real positive about people, but sounded like the people her company imported didn't have legitimate education. Yet they had degrees. She felt it was a cultural thing. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 5 days ago "Yes, their culture is what makes them retarded. Not the fact that they can't do math." permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 1 points 5 days ago "Yes, their culture is what makes them retarded. Not the fact that they can't do math." permalink parent award report block reply
CovfefeVideo 6 points 5 days ago Fake it till you break it. permalink award report block reply
projectarcturus1 5 points 5 days ago No one is shocked. They lie, cheat, and have fake degrees. We shouldn't import any of them and send back all those that are here. permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 3 points 5 days ago "Fake it 'til you make it" is the entire economic and security strategy of India permalink award report block reply
JoeDapper 3 points 5 days ago State Farm needs to get raided. Bloomington IL! Go get 'em Tom! permalink award report block reply
asiatrails 3 points 5 days ago Any who are here on any type of visa needs to have their visa cancelled immediately and deported.  This includes any of them who have obtained Green Cards. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You ready for the best part? The H1b visa folks over at USCIS? They don't document where a degree comes from. They say it's the employer's job to vette the degrees and the applicants. So there's no way to tell which H1b visa holder scammed the system by buying a 1000 dollar bachelor's degree from Mahatma Jasmine Rice University! permalink parent award report block reply asiatrails 2 points 3 days ago An easy solution: the State Department sends a letter to all employers and individual H-1B, other visa, and Green Card holders from India. You have 7 weeks from the date of this letter to provide the MEA Apostille certification of your qualifications.   Failure to do so will result in the immediate withdrawal of all work permits, cancellation of your visa or green card, and that of all dependents.  You will have 48 hours to self-deport. The MEA Apostille is a certification issued by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), Government of India, which authenticates public documents for use in countries that are signatories to the Hague Apostille Convention. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 5 days ago You ready for the best part? The H1b visa folks over at USCIS? They don't document where a degree comes from. They say it's the employer's job to vette the degrees and the applicants. So there's no way to tell which H1b visa holder scammed the system by buying a 1000 dollar bachelor's degree from Mahatma Jasmine Rice University! permalink parent award report block reply asiatrails 2 points 3 days ago An easy solution: the State Department sends a letter to all employers and individual H-1B, other visa, and Green Card holders from India. You have 7 weeks from the date of this letter to provide the MEA Apostille certification of your qualifications.   Failure to do so will result in the immediate withdrawal of all work permits, cancellation of your visa or green card, and that of all dependents.  You will have 48 hours to self-deport. The MEA Apostille is a certification issued by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), Government of India, which authenticates public documents for use in countries that are signatories to the Hague Apostille Convention. permalink parent award report block reply
asiatrails 2 points 3 days ago An easy solution: the State Department sends a letter to all employers and individual H-1B, other visa, and Green Card holders from India. You have 7 weeks from the date of this letter to provide the MEA Apostille certification of your qualifications.   Failure to do so will result in the immediate withdrawal of all work permits, cancellation of your visa or green card, and that of all dependents.  You will have 48 hours to self-deport. The MEA Apostille is a certification issued by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), Government of India, which authenticates public documents for use in countries that are signatories to the Hague Apostille Convention. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 2 points 5 days ago Thats....cheap. Perhaps I'll purchase myself a degree from this "prestigious"  university.  What do you guys think I should be when I grow up tomorrow? permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago Programmer. Computer Science. Apply to a place and get an interview, but use an Indian name. See how far you can go in the interview process lmao permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 4 days ago lol, ok.  I took basic programming about 20 years ago.  I'll be more like a "big picture" guy. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 4 days ago "Pajeet Patel" permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago Programmer. Computer Science. Apply to a place and get an interview, but use an Indian name. See how far you can go in the interview process lmao permalink parent award report block reply monkadelic 2 points 4 days ago lol, ok.  I took basic programming about 20 years ago.  I'll be more like a "big picture" guy. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 4 days ago "Pajeet Patel" permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic 2 points 4 days ago lol, ok.  I took basic programming about 20 years ago.  I'll be more like a "big picture" guy. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 1 points 4 days ago "Pajeet Patel" permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 1 points 4 days ago "Pajeet Patel" permalink parent award report block reply
thisisatestof2 2 points 5 days ago I’m sure there’s some really intelligent ones that could provide some useful value training Americans to do the work, so they can go back to India. However, every time I interacted with one of them is just painful, trying to get them to understand the problem, and once I finally get them to do so, communicate with me the correct solution. permalink award report block reply
JulliettSierraTango 1 points 5 days ago 100% permalink award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 1 points 5 days ago Walmart hires almost exclusively from this university for programmers and the like, making 100k a year and above. permalink award report block reply