27 Educate Americans here. Hire them here, because this is our country. How do you not get this? posted 2 hours ago by CounterStrike 20 comments award share download report block
20 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TiggerLovingPooh 10 points 2 hours ago Eat shit BetaMan. permalink award report block reply Cuntgoblin 9 points 2 hours ago Weird how all of the faggots are backing these retarded policies. permalink award report block reply airborne3502 9 points 1 hour ago And their loyalty is 100% to us, not China.
🙄 permalink award report block reply KilroyJCNJ 8 points 2 hours ago Bill Mitchell is a faggot, as are those who repost him here. permalink award report block reply nuhbin3 6 points 2 hours ago yup that's why no one who goes to college here ever ends up being a spy, he's a fucking genius permalink award report block reply NdNcenti 3 points 1 hour ago Congratulations you’ve unlocked IP sleeper agents permalink award report block reply snakeoil 3 points 1 hour ago He's an even bigger f**** than I thought he was permalink award report block reply Frociaggine 2 points 1 hour ago This faggot with bad takes. Who’s to say they aren’t spies. permalink award report block reply HanginChad 1 points 11 minutes ago Educate American students. Hire them here after they graduate. They work for us, they are us. Does that fucking retard not get this? Intelligence is not some magic commodity that the Chinese have. 99% of it just requires work and study, maybe the Chinese culture puts more emphasis on it. Our schools are dumbed down so the kids that don't work don't feel bad about themselves. That needs to change. permalink award report block reply Roadpower 1 points 1 hour ago Go to Rumble and watch Nick Fuentes completely demolish the argument for having Chinese students in our system in his latest video as of November 12 2025. Mitchell is brainless. permalink award report block reply CounterStrike OP 1 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/mitchellvii/status/1988698871208505480 permalink award report block reply UltraFrogMan 1 points 1 hour ago Bitchell is right for once. Edit Nvm I read that wrong. Thought he meant Americans. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 18 minutes ago They are Chinese, they will remain Chinese, they are not Americans and have no loyalty to America, only a complete faggot would even pretend to not get this. I understand they make about $5k per post like this. I think such subversive behavior should carry the death penalty permalink award report block reply RJ_CPA 1 points 43 minutes ago Hey, It’s that faggot Bill again in a new account! KEK! What happened to BetaBitchBoy? permalink award report block reply Scot 1 points 14 minutes ago If that faggot supports it, you know it's bad. permalink award report block reply throwaway777b 1 points 25 minutes ago What a dumb take permalink award report block reply AmericaAlwaysFirst 1 points 52 minutes ago Bill Mitchell III is a massive faggot. Always has been, always will be. permalink award report block reply TurboMAGA 1 points 24 minutes ago Most faggoty thing you'll read all day right here. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald -1 points 1 hour ago Americanized Chinese assimilated into our culture while rejecting the CCP.  Scares the hell out of the left as much as working unions, MAGA black and Christian conservative Hispanics joining the right. permalink award report block reply
TiggerLovingPooh 10 points 2 hours ago Eat shit BetaMan. permalink award report block reply
Cuntgoblin 9 points 2 hours ago Weird how all of the faggots are backing these retarded policies. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 9 points 1 hour ago And their loyalty is 100% to us, not China.
🙄 permalink award report block reply
KilroyJCNJ 8 points 2 hours ago Bill Mitchell is a faggot, as are those who repost him here. permalink award report block reply
nuhbin3 6 points 2 hours ago yup that's why no one who goes to college here ever ends up being a spy, he's a fucking genius permalink award report block reply
NdNcenti 3 points 1 hour ago Congratulations you’ve unlocked IP sleeper agents permalink award report block reply
snakeoil 3 points 1 hour ago He's an even bigger f**** than I thought he was permalink award report block reply
Frociaggine 2 points 1 hour ago This faggot with bad takes. Who’s to say they aren’t spies. permalink award report block reply
HanginChad 1 points 11 minutes ago Educate American students. Hire them here after they graduate. They work for us, they are us. Does that fucking retard not get this? Intelligence is not some magic commodity that the Chinese have. 99% of it just requires work and study, maybe the Chinese culture puts more emphasis on it. Our schools are dumbed down so the kids that don't work don't feel bad about themselves. That needs to change. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 1 points 1 hour ago Go to Rumble and watch Nick Fuentes completely demolish the argument for having Chinese students in our system in his latest video as of November 12 2025. Mitchell is brainless. permalink award report block reply
CounterStrike OP 1 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/mitchellvii/status/1988698871208505480 permalink award report block reply
UltraFrogMan 1 points 1 hour ago Bitchell is right for once. Edit Nvm I read that wrong. Thought he meant Americans. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 18 minutes ago They are Chinese, they will remain Chinese, they are not Americans and have no loyalty to America, only a complete faggot would even pretend to not get this. I understand they make about $5k per post like this. I think such subversive behavior should carry the death penalty permalink award report block reply
RJ_CPA 1 points 43 minutes ago Hey, It’s that faggot Bill again in a new account! KEK! What happened to BetaBitchBoy? permalink award report block reply
Scot 1 points 14 minutes ago If that faggot supports it, you know it's bad. permalink award report block reply
throwaway777b 1 points 25 minutes ago What a dumb take permalink award report block reply
AmericaAlwaysFirst 1 points 52 minutes ago Bill Mitchell III is a massive faggot. Always has been, always will be. permalink award report block reply
TurboMAGA 1 points 24 minutes ago Most faggoty thing you'll read all day right here. permalink award report block reply
Grindelwald -1 points 1 hour ago Americanized Chinese assimilated into our culture while rejecting the CCP.  Scares the hell out of the left as much as working unions, MAGA black and Christian conservative Hispanics joining the right. permalink award report block reply