902 But Smoking Crack, Other Open Drug Use and Taking a Dump or Pissing in the Street is Perfectly Acceptable... (www.breitbart.com) posted 2 days ago by Moebius 90 comments award share report block Exclusive San Francisco Bay Town Bans Nicotine in All Forms A small San Francisco Bay-area community has passed “the strictest and most comprehensive tobacco and nicotine sales ban in the country.” www.breitbart.com
90 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Musk Confirms Sad News Today Read More Ads by Ad.Style I_Am_John_Galt 36 points 2 days ago It increases testosterone and also was shown to be an effective prophylaxis against Covid, specifically the spike protien.  Anything cheap and effective must be banned in commie world. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 18 points 2 days ago This sounds ridiculous and totally made up but by God if you want to smoke or vape you shouldn't need a reason, you should have every right to destroy your lungs as you see fit. Speaking as a former 20 year smoker. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 17 points 2 days ago To clarify, I was referring to the nicotine chemical. The type of delivery method obviously makes a huge difference in overall health. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 4 points 2 days ago It's bizarre how many people commonly can't manage to differentiate nicotine from the delivery methods. permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 4 points 2 days ago Ya, but for a sec there you made it sound like you were Don Draper coming up with a new ad campaign. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 2 points 2 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply RoosterCrow 1 points 2 days ago I have consumed nicotine from the age of 14, playing hockey and chewing Skoal was how it started. I quit using tobacco a few years ago and use Zyn now instead. I also grew up in the far north, with seven month winters. I never get sick, I work and play in the dirt. It’s the nicotine, it’s always been this way. If you can ingest it in a clean way, I totally recommend it. This could all be placebo, but it is my lived experience. Im no health nut by any stretch either. permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 4 points 2 days ago Nurses were wearing nicotine patches in 2020-2021 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago I experimented with patches as a stimulant, I quit because of the acid reflux. The main warning against impure nicotine in many products is the cancer causing tobacco specific nitrosamines. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago And smoking and doing cocaine permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 1 points 2 days ago No they ones in france permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 3 points 2 days ago I can’t believe all the bullshit I see on nicotine today. People read some random comment or study on X/Reddit/random forums and just run with it. Look how many upvotes that comment got from people who likely didn’t even bother to look it up, simply because they think “oh, nicotine sticks to the San Fran Democrats, heh!” This shit is the new “wine is good for you” nonsense that alcoholic mothers use as an excuse. In reality, the amount of wine you’d need to drink for that benefit would kill you. There’s so many extracts and alternatives like foods, exercise, sleep, being a responsible adult, etc. that are way more effective at providing those benefits or whatever testosterone boost you’ll get from nicotine. Regardless, if anyone’s not producing an insanely huge amount of testosterone all the way through their mid-twenties, they have a problem and need TRT. If you’re 50 and want a test boost, get on TRT, not nicotine. The most ironic part is nicotine constricts your vessels, inducing cardiovascular issues and even ED over time. People are seriously stupid. Some leftist could come on here and say “commies don’t want you receiving these 5 benefits of crack!” and everyone would upvote it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 2 days ago IKR, that wine crap is such cope. "Red wine is good for you because of the anti-oxidant in the skins of the grapes" So eating grapes without a heavy dose of a neurotoxin (alcohol) isn't doable? And if you're getting older and your T is waning, how about diet, exercise and sleep before leaping to reddit meme T boosts like nicotine or taking external T? permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot -1 points 2 days ago There's other benefits to nicotine beyond testosterone. It's not the devil chemical people want you to believe. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Natural supplements work great for raising T, I tried one to see if mine lowered as I aged, but it was already high because it made me break out like a teen and get angry at a half dose. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 1 points 20 hours ago Yeah, some of those things work a little too well and give people gyno. The good stuff gets taken off the shelf eventually. It's crazy how unregulated that industry is though. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 2 days ago I agree with one caveat:  No publicly funded healthcare for smokers. permalink parent award report block reply stormdraintrooper 1 points 2 days ago First, it's Marin County,  which was probably fruity before Berkely.  Then, on top of that, it's Tiburon.  One of the two or three Martha's Vineyards of the Gay Area. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... CrispyCracker2 5 points 2 days ago Came here to say this. permalink parent award report block reply PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 2 days ago Confirming the fact that nicotine does help in protecting against the spike protein in regards to how it bonds to your cells. I'd never smoke anything other than a fine cigar or home grown reefer personally. Thank Jesus there are nicotine lozenges that taste like mints. During covid I'd tuck part of a lozenge up between my gum and cheek high up on my jaw to let it slowly absorb. It was a nice buzz and I didn't find it addicting. Tried Tucker's nicotine pouches and I'm not a fan. A tasty minty lozenge with nicotine, broken down into smaller doses, was a good fit for me. permalink parent award report block reply ValhallaBaboon 1 points 1 day ago The findings in this study suggest that nicotine administration is associated with distorted reproductive hormones in male rats although ameliorated by nicotine cessation. It is plausible that the decreased testosterone level is associated with testicular dysfunction rather than a pituitary disorder. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 19 points 2 days ago Faggots. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 4 points 2 days ago I bet if the fags start smoking it out of other men's assholes it'll be totally fine, encouraged even. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 2 days ago They would encourage that. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago Dude I live in SF and they banned flavored vapes out here. I literally have to step over people shooting up fentanyl, but they draw the line at fruity nicotine. Insane permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 2 points 2 days ago Welcome to the entire state of New York, Chinese smoke shops selling God-knows-what are OK, but you better not want menthol tobacco flavored vapes. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 2 days ago Please get the Hell out of there. Real bad stuff is coming. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago I’m on a specific mission here, don’t plan on staying permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Good luck and God bless 🫡 permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... SkullE 17 points 2 days ago I can take a shit on city hall steps in broad daylight but can’t smoke a Marlboro. Their a special kind of stupid. permalink award report block reply ActNow 8 points 2 days ago It's actually Tiburon they are writing about. It's where the rich and famous live and they don't put up with what SF does. permalink parent award report block reply Floppybutthole 14 points 2 days ago Tiburon is not at all like San Francisco.   Don't get me wrong they are pretty stupid in their own way but shitting on the streets and open drug use isn't a thing there. permalink award report block reply TommyLasordasBallBag 12 points 2 days ago Not in Tiburon. That's a place for the rich elites that rule California. They don't have to deal with it because their city actually enforced laws all while they go and pass legislation that hurts law enforcement literally every where else. permalink award report block reply magapatriot_pa 6 points 2 days ago Typical democrat bullshit. Plastic straws = banned, but shooting up fentanyl and shitting all over the street = A-OK permalink award report block reply negative_entropy 6 points 2 days ago stupid headline, Marin County and SF are very different permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 0 points 2 days ago Are they really... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago As different as night and day. Marin County (not all of it, mind you, Sausalito has a lot of addicts on the streets) has a lot of parts that are ultra exclusive gated uber-elite communities. Because of the exclusivity and low population density of some of these areas, they're not even on the radar in terms of towns with high average incomes. Sausalito is just like an extension of SF, kind of. It's still a pretty high rent area, but the old school hippie vibe is still kept on life support there. It used to be home to bums squatting on abandoned barges, now those "house boats" are multi-million dollar luxury abodes. Marin City used to be an ALL black area, like 50%+ or more, now the blacks have been squeezed out by higher rents and there are a lot fewer of them - still pretty high % for Marin County, but nowhere near as many as there used to be. It remains one of the "blackest" parts of Marin County. permalink parent award report block reply Covfefebrulee 5 points 2 days ago https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-023-29118-6 Nicotine and “Covid”. permalink award report block reply terribletwos 4 points 2 days ago This is about them buying into their own propaganda. They demonized cigarettes with propaganda ads in the late 90s 00s and now it's just engrained in their heads. However, they've been told the opposite about other drugs. So it's just that they're fucking retarded. permalink award report block reply YT45 3 points 2 days ago “No tobacco!!!  But we love cannabis…” permalink award report block reply NoCorruptFashion 3 points 2 days ago I wonder why there is no ban for the drugs commonly used by gay men such as methamphetamine (including crystal meth), mephedrone, GHB/GBL, ketamine, cocaine, ecstasy/MDMA, amyl nitrite (poppers), and synthetic cannabinoids. These harmful, dangerous, substances are often used in a risky sexual behaviour, known as chemsex, which involves using drugs to enhance gay sexual experiences, reduce inhibitions, reduce shame, prolong gay sexual activity. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 2 points 2 days ago Great headline @Moebius permalink award report block reply NoFats 2 points 2 days ago All things nicotine is one of California's many business tranches. I'm very surprised the state is allowing this. They make more profit off of each sale than the tobacco companies! permalink award report block reply PatGarrett 2 points 2 days ago Nicotine alone is actually good for you. Studies show positive impacts in health, including reversal of alzheimer’s. permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I'd tell them my tobacco use is protected by the First Amendment as I'm a Native American and use it in my Religious rituals. Bam!  It only takes one to complain... permalink parent award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's also a natural fat burner. permalink parent award report block reply 2020Gop 2 points 2 days ago Slamming Sandwiches into Federal Agents - Fine permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago So far only in DC... permalink parent award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 2 points 2 days ago Reminds me of flying, I always find it funny they say no chew. They can't stop me, they don't even know I'm doing it. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago But you can smoke weed wherever you want. permalink award report block reply Spez_Isacuck 1 points 2 days ago I never thought nicotine could actually be good for you until I read this headline. Now I’m suddenly considering picking up smoking again… permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 4 points 2 days ago Don’t smoke man. Don’t even vape. Both fuck up your lungs far too much to be worth it. Get some zyn, or better yet some Alp pouches. Cleaner, less smelly, and it doesn’t fuck up your breathing. Also, since I think there is a misconception with this from people who’ve never tried it, the pouches aren’t like dip. You don’t have to carry around a spit bottle with you everywhere. You don’t even spit at all. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 2 days ago You DO still smell when you use zyn. There's an odor that is very mildly reminiscent of tobacco. It's like a car that was smoked in 10 years ago that has been cleaned a thousand times since. If you're sensitive to it, you can still pick up the faintest hint of tobacco smell on a warm day. I had a co-worker that did zyn pouches all day and when I talked to him I could smell it. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 2 days ago Most people's halitosis and poor oral hygiene in general is more offensive than whatever tobacco scent you can conjure.  How the fuck is everyone so gross, floss between your molars brush and rinse.  Scrape your tongue if you want to go the extra mile.  The slight scent of a Zyn pouch is a reach. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago I didn’t say it was as overpowering as rotten teeth. I said there’s a smell, and there is. permalink parent award report block reply Spez_Isacuck 1 points 2 days ago Oh I would never, trust me. Just making jokes. permalink parent award report block reply PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 2 days ago So anyone exhaling smoke will be descended upon by a murder of wild Karens? I'd love to see video of that. Seems like all the innocent crack, fent, and meth smokers would be unfairly grouped in with the eeeevil tobacco users. REEEEEEE /s permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I bet illegal Alien Grounds Keepers smoking a Marlboro while trimming their hedges will be 'politely ignored'... permalink parent award report block reply BahamaDon 1 points 2 days ago Soon to have the highest incidence of “covid”. permalink award report block reply Lib_Women_Have_HSV 1 points 2 days ago Smoking crack alone and playing video games is my 3rd favorite thing to do.  Not a joke permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 2 days ago Pshew, I thought you were talking about Philly for a second. permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago They are leftists.  Everything that is not mandatory is banned.  So expect shitting in the street and crack to be mandatory. permalink award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 2 days ago This got me thinking, ever watched a field of cow manure get hauled by an army of dung beetles, perhaps this is the way. We can drop them by the C130s over the most needed areas. permalink award report block reply ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 2 days ago Butt smoking crack is also acceptable. permalink award report block reply ThisIsHowItStarts 1 points 2 days ago The original nicotine ban in bars started in California I remember because I was living there at the time and I was a smoker. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago I remember visiting LA in the 90s and being told I had to step outside to smoke. There was like a little roped off area with a couple of bar stools. It felt like an insult because it was supposed to. Chicago held out for a long time, I think the ban there happened like the mid 00s. LOL imagine it's 10 below and ice rain coming in sideways at 50mph and you have to step outside for a smoke. Oklahoma, Nevada and Florida don't allow smoking bans. As a former smoker, I get irritated by smoke more than people who were never smokers. It drives me fucking insane. Last time I was in Las Vegas I couldn't take it. The smoke made me sick. permalink parent award report block reply basedboston 1 points 2 days ago Without tobacco/nicotine as a motivator (e.g.: lay 6 railroad ties, have a smoke) and whiskey as a reward (e.g.: saloon on Friday), San Francisco simply wouldn't exist. permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 1 points 2 days ago No officer, this isn’t a zyn nicotine pouch. It’s  a gender therapy pouch. You see I am a man who identifies as someone who doesn’t give a fuck. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Nicotine is found naturally in some vegetables. The rabbit hole goes very deep. permalink award report block reply mercynurse 1 points 2 days ago That’s Tiburon, but what will they do in Belvedere? permalink award report block reply lefty295 1 points 2 days ago The point isn’t “morality”. It’s control by the government. Tobacco companies run the industry now, and they lobby the government. The Dems want it the other way around, the government running rubber stamp tobacco companies. I’m no fan of lobbying, but if you want things more expensive, with less options, and no customer service, give it to the government. The Dems did this with marijuana in their states. Most of them have almost complete state control over it. It was never about any kind of “morality” of legalizing it. It was about tax revenue and controlling the industry. That’s why you keep seeing both blue and red states keep regulating vape and nicotine stuff so hard. It’s not because they want your lungs working. Some GOP want the exact same as well for their states, stupidly. permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago 50 of the 75 carcinogens found in cigarette smoke are found in cannabis smoke. Apparently they're OK with that... permalink parent award report block reply NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 2 days ago da fuq permalink award report block reply freebirdie 1 points 2 days ago Tiburon isn't SF. It's a small, elite community that no junky could afford to OD in. There's no shit on the streets because it's full of employed, rich, white people. It's a ban on sales of any nicotine product, which is fully performative, since the article says no retailers in Tiburon actually sell any form of nicotine anyway. You can still smoke outside or in your owned home, but not in rental properties. There aren't any cities in California that allow smoking in multi unit properties anyway. Again downvoted for reading the article and telling the truth. You people are unmitigated faggots. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago Compared to Belvedere, Tiburon is the ghetto. permalink parent award report block reply Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 2 days ago That worked great for alcohol permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 3 points 2 days ago Wait till they find out how many foods contain Nicotine...including Tomatoes and their precious Chocolate. They said nicotine "...IN ALL FORMS"... permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 1 points 2 days ago Yeah it’s funny how much stuff actually has nicotine. Because nicotine is a naturally occurring pesticide, it often is found on lots of plants. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's even in green and black tea... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago People want to give up nicotine, though. It's true that people are quitting alcohol a lot these days, but the push to get people off nicotine has been really effective - much more so than getting people of alcohol. permalink parent award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 1 points 2 days ago What this really is designed for is to keep out all of the riff-raft..like blacks..thugs..gang bangers who all smoke & drink, poor homeless, etc. permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I bet you a Donut if one of their Illegal Alien 'Gardeners' or 'Maids' lights up a Marlboro. they look the other way... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago Well if I had that kind of money, I'd do everything I could to keep the scum from SF and Oakland the fuck out of my wealthy White paradise! permalink parent award report block reply FlgPole -1 points 2 days ago All that but they have to make weed that dont get you high. how about crack that dont get you high. Because weed ends the brainwashing permalink award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
I_Am_John_Galt 36 points 2 days ago It increases testosterone and also was shown to be an effective prophylaxis against Covid, specifically the spike protien.  Anything cheap and effective must be banned in commie world. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 18 points 2 days ago This sounds ridiculous and totally made up but by God if you want to smoke or vape you shouldn't need a reason, you should have every right to destroy your lungs as you see fit. Speaking as a former 20 year smoker. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 17 points 2 days ago To clarify, I was referring to the nicotine chemical. The type of delivery method obviously makes a huge difference in overall health. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 4 points 2 days ago It's bizarre how many people commonly can't manage to differentiate nicotine from the delivery methods. permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 4 points 2 days ago Ya, but for a sec there you made it sound like you were Don Draper coming up with a new ad campaign. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 2 points 2 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply RoosterCrow 1 points 2 days ago I have consumed nicotine from the age of 14, playing hockey and chewing Skoal was how it started. I quit using tobacco a few years ago and use Zyn now instead. I also grew up in the far north, with seven month winters. I never get sick, I work and play in the dirt. It’s the nicotine, it’s always been this way. If you can ingest it in a clean way, I totally recommend it. This could all be placebo, but it is my lived experience. Im no health nut by any stretch either. permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 4 points 2 days ago Nurses were wearing nicotine patches in 2020-2021 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago I experimented with patches as a stimulant, I quit because of the acid reflux. The main warning against impure nicotine in many products is the cancer causing tobacco specific nitrosamines. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago And smoking and doing cocaine permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 1 points 2 days ago No they ones in france permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 3 points 2 days ago I can’t believe all the bullshit I see on nicotine today. People read some random comment or study on X/Reddit/random forums and just run with it. Look how many upvotes that comment got from people who likely didn’t even bother to look it up, simply because they think “oh, nicotine sticks to the San Fran Democrats, heh!” This shit is the new “wine is good for you” nonsense that alcoholic mothers use as an excuse. In reality, the amount of wine you’d need to drink for that benefit would kill you. There’s so many extracts and alternatives like foods, exercise, sleep, being a responsible adult, etc. that are way more effective at providing those benefits or whatever testosterone boost you’ll get from nicotine. Regardless, if anyone’s not producing an insanely huge amount of testosterone all the way through their mid-twenties, they have a problem and need TRT. If you’re 50 and want a test boost, get on TRT, not nicotine. The most ironic part is nicotine constricts your vessels, inducing cardiovascular issues and even ED over time. People are seriously stupid. Some leftist could come on here and say “commies don’t want you receiving these 5 benefits of crack!” and everyone would upvote it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 2 days ago IKR, that wine crap is such cope. "Red wine is good for you because of the anti-oxidant in the skins of the grapes" So eating grapes without a heavy dose of a neurotoxin (alcohol) isn't doable? And if you're getting older and your T is waning, how about diet, exercise and sleep before leaping to reddit meme T boosts like nicotine or taking external T? permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot -1 points 2 days ago There's other benefits to nicotine beyond testosterone. It's not the devil chemical people want you to believe. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Natural supplements work great for raising T, I tried one to see if mine lowered as I aged, but it was already high because it made me break out like a teen and get angry at a half dose. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 1 points 20 hours ago Yeah, some of those things work a little too well and give people gyno. The good stuff gets taken off the shelf eventually. It's crazy how unregulated that industry is though. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 2 days ago I agree with one caveat:  No publicly funded healthcare for smokers. permalink parent award report block reply stormdraintrooper 1 points 2 days ago First, it's Marin County,  which was probably fruity before Berkely.  Then, on top of that, it's Tiburon.  One of the two or three Martha's Vineyards of the Gay Area. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... CrispyCracker2 5 points 2 days ago Came here to say this. permalink parent award report block reply PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 2 days ago Confirming the fact that nicotine does help in protecting against the spike protein in regards to how it bonds to your cells. I'd never smoke anything other than a fine cigar or home grown reefer personally. Thank Jesus there are nicotine lozenges that taste like mints. During covid I'd tuck part of a lozenge up between my gum and cheek high up on my jaw to let it slowly absorb. It was a nice buzz and I didn't find it addicting. Tried Tucker's nicotine pouches and I'm not a fan. A tasty minty lozenge with nicotine, broken down into smaller doses, was a good fit for me. permalink parent award report block reply ValhallaBaboon 1 points 1 day ago The findings in this study suggest that nicotine administration is associated with distorted reproductive hormones in male rats although ameliorated by nicotine cessation. It is plausible that the decreased testosterone level is associated with testicular dysfunction rather than a pituitary disorder. permalink parent award report block reply
drattastic1 18 points 2 days ago This sounds ridiculous and totally made up but by God if you want to smoke or vape you shouldn't need a reason, you should have every right to destroy your lungs as you see fit. Speaking as a former 20 year smoker. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 17 points 2 days ago To clarify, I was referring to the nicotine chemical. The type of delivery method obviously makes a huge difference in overall health. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 4 points 2 days ago It's bizarre how many people commonly can't manage to differentiate nicotine from the delivery methods. permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 4 points 2 days ago Ya, but for a sec there you made it sound like you were Don Draper coming up with a new ad campaign. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 2 points 2 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply RoosterCrow 1 points 2 days ago I have consumed nicotine from the age of 14, playing hockey and chewing Skoal was how it started. I quit using tobacco a few years ago and use Zyn now instead. I also grew up in the far north, with seven month winters. I never get sick, I work and play in the dirt. It’s the nicotine, it’s always been this way. If you can ingest it in a clean way, I totally recommend it. This could all be placebo, but it is my lived experience. Im no health nut by any stretch either. permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 4 points 2 days ago Nurses were wearing nicotine patches in 2020-2021 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago I experimented with patches as a stimulant, I quit because of the acid reflux. The main warning against impure nicotine in many products is the cancer causing tobacco specific nitrosamines. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago And smoking and doing cocaine permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 1 points 2 days ago No they ones in france permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 3 points 2 days ago I can’t believe all the bullshit I see on nicotine today. People read some random comment or study on X/Reddit/random forums and just run with it. Look how many upvotes that comment got from people who likely didn’t even bother to look it up, simply because they think “oh, nicotine sticks to the San Fran Democrats, heh!” This shit is the new “wine is good for you” nonsense that alcoholic mothers use as an excuse. In reality, the amount of wine you’d need to drink for that benefit would kill you. There’s so many extracts and alternatives like foods, exercise, sleep, being a responsible adult, etc. that are way more effective at providing those benefits or whatever testosterone boost you’ll get from nicotine. Regardless, if anyone’s not producing an insanely huge amount of testosterone all the way through their mid-twenties, they have a problem and need TRT. If you’re 50 and want a test boost, get on TRT, not nicotine. The most ironic part is nicotine constricts your vessels, inducing cardiovascular issues and even ED over time. People are seriously stupid. Some leftist could come on here and say “commies don’t want you receiving these 5 benefits of crack!” and everyone would upvote it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 2 days ago IKR, that wine crap is such cope. "Red wine is good for you because of the anti-oxidant in the skins of the grapes" So eating grapes without a heavy dose of a neurotoxin (alcohol) isn't doable? And if you're getting older and your T is waning, how about diet, exercise and sleep before leaping to reddit meme T boosts like nicotine or taking external T? permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot -1 points 2 days ago There's other benefits to nicotine beyond testosterone. It's not the devil chemical people want you to believe. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Natural supplements work great for raising T, I tried one to see if mine lowered as I aged, but it was already high because it made me break out like a teen and get angry at a half dose. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 1 points 20 hours ago Yeah, some of those things work a little too well and give people gyno. The good stuff gets taken off the shelf eventually. It's crazy how unregulated that industry is though. permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 2 days ago I agree with one caveat:  No publicly funded healthcare for smokers. permalink parent award report block reply stormdraintrooper 1 points 2 days ago First, it's Marin County,  which was probably fruity before Berkely.  Then, on top of that, it's Tiburon.  One of the two or three Martha's Vineyards of the Gay Area. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
I_Am_John_Galt 17 points 2 days ago To clarify, I was referring to the nicotine chemical. The type of delivery method obviously makes a huge difference in overall health. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 4 points 2 days ago It's bizarre how many people commonly can't manage to differentiate nicotine from the delivery methods. permalink parent award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 4 points 2 days ago Ya, but for a sec there you made it sound like you were Don Draper coming up with a new ad campaign. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 2 points 2 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply RoosterCrow 1 points 2 days ago I have consumed nicotine from the age of 14, playing hockey and chewing Skoal was how it started. I quit using tobacco a few years ago and use Zyn now instead. I also grew up in the far north, with seven month winters. I never get sick, I work and play in the dirt. It’s the nicotine, it’s always been this way. If you can ingest it in a clean way, I totally recommend it. This could all be placebo, but it is my lived experience. Im no health nut by any stretch either. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 4 points 2 days ago It's bizarre how many people commonly can't manage to differentiate nicotine from the delivery methods. permalink parent award report block reply
ReturnOfSmarm 4 points 2 days ago Ya, but for a sec there you made it sound like you were Don Draper coming up with a new ad campaign. permalink parent award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 2 points 2 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply
I_Am_John_Galt 2 points 2 days ago kek permalink parent award report block reply
RoosterCrow 1 points 2 days ago I have consumed nicotine from the age of 14, playing hockey and chewing Skoal was how it started. I quit using tobacco a few years ago and use Zyn now instead. I also grew up in the far north, with seven month winters. I never get sick, I work and play in the dirt. It’s the nicotine, it’s always been this way. If you can ingest it in a clean way, I totally recommend it. This could all be placebo, but it is my lived experience. Im no health nut by any stretch either. permalink parent award report block reply
BarrysOFace 4 points 2 days ago Nurses were wearing nicotine patches in 2020-2021 permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago I experimented with patches as a stimulant, I quit because of the acid reflux. The main warning against impure nicotine in many products is the cancer causing tobacco specific nitrosamines. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago And smoking and doing cocaine permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 1 points 2 days ago No they ones in france permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago I experimented with patches as a stimulant, I quit because of the acid reflux. The main warning against impure nicotine in many products is the cancer causing tobacco specific nitrosamines. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago And smoking and doing cocaine permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 1 points 2 days ago No they ones in france permalink parent award report block reply
BarrysOFace 1 points 2 days ago No they ones in france permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 3 points 2 days ago I can’t believe all the bullshit I see on nicotine today. People read some random comment or study on X/Reddit/random forums and just run with it. Look how many upvotes that comment got from people who likely didn’t even bother to look it up, simply because they think “oh, nicotine sticks to the San Fran Democrats, heh!” This shit is the new “wine is good for you” nonsense that alcoholic mothers use as an excuse. In reality, the amount of wine you’d need to drink for that benefit would kill you. There’s so many extracts and alternatives like foods, exercise, sleep, being a responsible adult, etc. that are way more effective at providing those benefits or whatever testosterone boost you’ll get from nicotine. Regardless, if anyone’s not producing an insanely huge amount of testosterone all the way through their mid-twenties, they have a problem and need TRT. If you’re 50 and want a test boost, get on TRT, not nicotine. The most ironic part is nicotine constricts your vessels, inducing cardiovascular issues and even ED over time. People are seriously stupid. Some leftist could come on here and say “commies don’t want you receiving these 5 benefits of crack!” and everyone would upvote it. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 5 points 2 days ago IKR, that wine crap is such cope. "Red wine is good for you because of the anti-oxidant in the skins of the grapes" So eating grapes without a heavy dose of a neurotoxin (alcohol) isn't doable? And if you're getting older and your T is waning, how about diet, exercise and sleep before leaping to reddit meme T boosts like nicotine or taking external T? permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot -1 points 2 days ago There's other benefits to nicotine beyond testosterone. It's not the devil chemical people want you to believe. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Natural supplements work great for raising T, I tried one to see if mine lowered as I aged, but it was already high because it made me break out like a teen and get angry at a half dose. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 1 points 20 hours ago Yeah, some of those things work a little too well and give people gyno. The good stuff gets taken off the shelf eventually. It's crazy how unregulated that industry is though. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 5 points 2 days ago IKR, that wine crap is such cope. "Red wine is good for you because of the anti-oxidant in the skins of the grapes" So eating grapes without a heavy dose of a neurotoxin (alcohol) isn't doable? And if you're getting older and your T is waning, how about diet, exercise and sleep before leaping to reddit meme T boosts like nicotine or taking external T? permalink parent award report block reply DontBeAFaggot -1 points 2 days ago There's other benefits to nicotine beyond testosterone. It's not the devil chemical people want you to believe. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
DontBeAFaggot -1 points 2 days ago There's other benefits to nicotine beyond testosterone. It's not the devil chemical people want you to believe. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Natural supplements work great for raising T, I tried one to see if mine lowered as I aged, but it was already high because it made me break out like a teen and get angry at a half dose. permalink parent award report block reply Pied-Trumper 1 points 20 hours ago Yeah, some of those things work a little too well and give people gyno. The good stuff gets taken off the shelf eventually. It's crazy how unregulated that industry is though. permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 1 points 20 hours ago Yeah, some of those things work a little too well and give people gyno. The good stuff gets taken off the shelf eventually. It's crazy how unregulated that industry is though. permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 2 days ago I agree with one caveat:  No publicly funded healthcare for smokers. permalink parent award report block reply
stormdraintrooper 1 points 2 days ago First, it's Marin County,  which was probably fruity before Berkely.  Then, on top of that, it's Tiburon.  One of the two or three Martha's Vineyards of the Gay Area. permalink parent award report block reply
CrispyCracker2 5 points 2 days ago Came here to say this. permalink parent award report block reply
PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 2 days ago Confirming the fact that nicotine does help in protecting against the spike protein in regards to how it bonds to your cells. I'd never smoke anything other than a fine cigar or home grown reefer personally. Thank Jesus there are nicotine lozenges that taste like mints. During covid I'd tuck part of a lozenge up between my gum and cheek high up on my jaw to let it slowly absorb. It was a nice buzz and I didn't find it addicting. Tried Tucker's nicotine pouches and I'm not a fan. A tasty minty lozenge with nicotine, broken down into smaller doses, was a good fit for me. permalink parent award report block reply
ValhallaBaboon 1 points 1 day ago The findings in this study suggest that nicotine administration is associated with distorted reproductive hormones in male rats although ameliorated by nicotine cessation. It is plausible that the decreased testosterone level is associated with testicular dysfunction rather than a pituitary disorder. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 19 points 2 days ago Faggots. permalink award report block reply drattastic1 4 points 2 days ago I bet if the fags start smoking it out of other men's assholes it'll be totally fine, encouraged even. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 2 days ago They would encourage that. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago Dude I live in SF and they banned flavored vapes out here. I literally have to step over people shooting up fentanyl, but they draw the line at fruity nicotine. Insane permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 2 points 2 days ago Welcome to the entire state of New York, Chinese smoke shops selling God-knows-what are OK, but you better not want menthol tobacco flavored vapes. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 2 days ago Please get the Hell out of there. Real bad stuff is coming. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago I’m on a specific mission here, don’t plan on staying permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Good luck and God bless 🫡 permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
drattastic1 4 points 2 days ago I bet if the fags start smoking it out of other men's assholes it'll be totally fine, encouraged even. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 2 days ago They would encourage that. permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K 1 points 2 days ago They would encourage that. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago Dude I live in SF and they banned flavored vapes out here. I literally have to step over people shooting up fentanyl, but they draw the line at fruity nicotine. Insane permalink parent award report block reply npc_1234 2 points 2 days ago Welcome to the entire state of New York, Chinese smoke shops selling God-knows-what are OK, but you better not want menthol tobacco flavored vapes. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 2 days ago Please get the Hell out of there. Real bad stuff is coming. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago I’m on a specific mission here, don’t plan on staying permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Good luck and God bless 🫡 permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
npc_1234 2 points 2 days ago Welcome to the entire state of New York, Chinese smoke shops selling God-knows-what are OK, but you better not want menthol tobacco flavored vapes. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 2 days ago Please get the Hell out of there. Real bad stuff is coming. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago I’m on a specific mission here, don’t plan on staying permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Good luck and God bless 🫡 permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 2 days ago I’m on a specific mission here, don’t plan on staying permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Good luck and God bless 🫡 permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Awakened 2 points 2 days ago Good luck and God bless 🫡 permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SkullE 17 points 2 days ago I can take a shit on city hall steps in broad daylight but can’t smoke a Marlboro. Their a special kind of stupid. permalink award report block reply ActNow 8 points 2 days ago It's actually Tiburon they are writing about. It's where the rich and famous live and they don't put up with what SF does. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 8 points 2 days ago It's actually Tiburon they are writing about. It's where the rich and famous live and they don't put up with what SF does. permalink parent award report block reply
Floppybutthole 14 points 2 days ago Tiburon is not at all like San Francisco.   Don't get me wrong they are pretty stupid in their own way but shitting on the streets and open drug use isn't a thing there. permalink award report block reply
TommyLasordasBallBag 12 points 2 days ago Not in Tiburon. That's a place for the rich elites that rule California. They don't have to deal with it because their city actually enforced laws all while they go and pass legislation that hurts law enforcement literally every where else. permalink award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 6 points 2 days ago Typical democrat bullshit. Plastic straws = banned, but shooting up fentanyl and shitting all over the street = A-OK permalink award report block reply
negative_entropy 6 points 2 days ago stupid headline, Marin County and SF are very different permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 0 points 2 days ago Are they really... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago As different as night and day. Marin County (not all of it, mind you, Sausalito has a lot of addicts on the streets) has a lot of parts that are ultra exclusive gated uber-elite communities. Because of the exclusivity and low population density of some of these areas, they're not even on the radar in terms of towns with high average incomes. Sausalito is just like an extension of SF, kind of. It's still a pretty high rent area, but the old school hippie vibe is still kept on life support there. It used to be home to bums squatting on abandoned barges, now those "house boats" are multi-million dollar luxury abodes. Marin City used to be an ALL black area, like 50%+ or more, now the blacks have been squeezed out by higher rents and there are a lot fewer of them - still pretty high % for Marin County, but nowhere near as many as there used to be. It remains one of the "blackest" parts of Marin County. permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 0 points 2 days ago Are they really... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago As different as night and day. Marin County (not all of it, mind you, Sausalito has a lot of addicts on the streets) has a lot of parts that are ultra exclusive gated uber-elite communities. Because of the exclusivity and low population density of some of these areas, they're not even on the radar in terms of towns with high average incomes. Sausalito is just like an extension of SF, kind of. It's still a pretty high rent area, but the old school hippie vibe is still kept on life support there. It used to be home to bums squatting on abandoned barges, now those "house boats" are multi-million dollar luxury abodes. Marin City used to be an ALL black area, like 50%+ or more, now the blacks have been squeezed out by higher rents and there are a lot fewer of them - still pretty high % for Marin County, but nowhere near as many as there used to be. It remains one of the "blackest" parts of Marin County. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago As different as night and day. Marin County (not all of it, mind you, Sausalito has a lot of addicts on the streets) has a lot of parts that are ultra exclusive gated uber-elite communities. Because of the exclusivity and low population density of some of these areas, they're not even on the radar in terms of towns with high average incomes. Sausalito is just like an extension of SF, kind of. It's still a pretty high rent area, but the old school hippie vibe is still kept on life support there. It used to be home to bums squatting on abandoned barges, now those "house boats" are multi-million dollar luxury abodes. Marin City used to be an ALL black area, like 50%+ or more, now the blacks have been squeezed out by higher rents and there are a lot fewer of them - still pretty high % for Marin County, but nowhere near as many as there used to be. It remains one of the "blackest" parts of Marin County. permalink parent award report block reply
Covfefebrulee 5 points 2 days ago https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-023-29118-6 Nicotine and “Covid”. permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 4 points 2 days ago This is about them buying into their own propaganda. They demonized cigarettes with propaganda ads in the late 90s 00s and now it's just engrained in their heads. However, they've been told the opposite about other drugs. So it's just that they're fucking retarded. permalink award report block reply
YT45 3 points 2 days ago “No tobacco!!!  But we love cannabis…” permalink award report block reply
NoCorruptFashion 3 points 2 days ago I wonder why there is no ban for the drugs commonly used by gay men such as methamphetamine (including crystal meth), mephedrone, GHB/GBL, ketamine, cocaine, ecstasy/MDMA, amyl nitrite (poppers), and synthetic cannabinoids. These harmful, dangerous, substances are often used in a risky sexual behaviour, known as chemsex, which involves using drugs to enhance gay sexual experiences, reduce inhibitions, reduce shame, prolong gay sexual activity. permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 2 points 2 days ago Great headline @Moebius permalink award report block reply
NoFats 2 points 2 days ago All things nicotine is one of California's many business tranches. I'm very surprised the state is allowing this. They make more profit off of each sale than the tobacco companies! permalink award report block reply
PatGarrett 2 points 2 days ago Nicotine alone is actually good for you. Studies show positive impacts in health, including reversal of alzheimer’s. permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I'd tell them my tobacco use is protected by the First Amendment as I'm a Native American and use it in my Religious rituals. Bam!  It only takes one to complain... permalink parent award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's also a natural fat burner. permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I'd tell them my tobacco use is protected by the First Amendment as I'm a Native American and use it in my Religious rituals. Bam!  It only takes one to complain... permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's also a natural fat burner. permalink parent award report block reply
2020Gop 2 points 2 days ago Slamming Sandwiches into Federal Agents - Fine permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago So far only in DC... permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago So far only in DC... permalink parent award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 2 points 2 days ago Reminds me of flying, I always find it funny they say no chew. They can't stop me, they don't even know I'm doing it. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago But you can smoke weed wherever you want. permalink award report block reply
Spez_Isacuck 1 points 2 days ago I never thought nicotine could actually be good for you until I read this headline. Now I’m suddenly considering picking up smoking again… permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 4 points 2 days ago Don’t smoke man. Don’t even vape. Both fuck up your lungs far too much to be worth it. Get some zyn, or better yet some Alp pouches. Cleaner, less smelly, and it doesn’t fuck up your breathing. Also, since I think there is a misconception with this from people who’ve never tried it, the pouches aren’t like dip. You don’t have to carry around a spit bottle with you everywhere. You don’t even spit at all. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 2 days ago You DO still smell when you use zyn. There's an odor that is very mildly reminiscent of tobacco. It's like a car that was smoked in 10 years ago that has been cleaned a thousand times since. If you're sensitive to it, you can still pick up the faintest hint of tobacco smell on a warm day. I had a co-worker that did zyn pouches all day and when I talked to him I could smell it. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 2 days ago Most people's halitosis and poor oral hygiene in general is more offensive than whatever tobacco scent you can conjure.  How the fuck is everyone so gross, floss between your molars brush and rinse.  Scrape your tongue if you want to go the extra mile.  The slight scent of a Zyn pouch is a reach. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago I didn’t say it was as overpowering as rotten teeth. I said there’s a smell, and there is. permalink parent award report block reply Spez_Isacuck 1 points 2 days ago Oh I would never, trust me. Just making jokes. permalink parent award report block reply
Hikedelics 4 points 2 days ago Don’t smoke man. Don’t even vape. Both fuck up your lungs far too much to be worth it. Get some zyn, or better yet some Alp pouches. Cleaner, less smelly, and it doesn’t fuck up your breathing. Also, since I think there is a misconception with this from people who’ve never tried it, the pouches aren’t like dip. You don’t have to carry around a spit bottle with you everywhere. You don’t even spit at all. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 2 days ago You DO still smell when you use zyn. There's an odor that is very mildly reminiscent of tobacco. It's like a car that was smoked in 10 years ago that has been cleaned a thousand times since. If you're sensitive to it, you can still pick up the faintest hint of tobacco smell on a warm day. I had a co-worker that did zyn pouches all day and when I talked to him I could smell it. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 2 days ago Most people's halitosis and poor oral hygiene in general is more offensive than whatever tobacco scent you can conjure.  How the fuck is everyone so gross, floss between your molars brush and rinse.  Scrape your tongue if you want to go the extra mile.  The slight scent of a Zyn pouch is a reach. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago I didn’t say it was as overpowering as rotten teeth. I said there’s a smell, and there is. permalink parent award report block reply Spez_Isacuck 1 points 2 days ago Oh I would never, trust me. Just making jokes. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 2 days ago You DO still smell when you use zyn. There's an odor that is very mildly reminiscent of tobacco. It's like a car that was smoked in 10 years ago that has been cleaned a thousand times since. If you're sensitive to it, you can still pick up the faintest hint of tobacco smell on a warm day. I had a co-worker that did zyn pouches all day and when I talked to him I could smell it. permalink parent award report block reply AccelerateAlready 1 points 2 days ago Most people's halitosis and poor oral hygiene in general is more offensive than whatever tobacco scent you can conjure.  How the fuck is everyone so gross, floss between your molars brush and rinse.  Scrape your tongue if you want to go the extra mile.  The slight scent of a Zyn pouch is a reach. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago I didn’t say it was as overpowering as rotten teeth. I said there’s a smell, and there is. permalink parent award report block reply
AccelerateAlready 1 points 2 days ago Most people's halitosis and poor oral hygiene in general is more offensive than whatever tobacco scent you can conjure.  How the fuck is everyone so gross, floss between your molars brush and rinse.  Scrape your tongue if you want to go the extra mile.  The slight scent of a Zyn pouch is a reach. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago I didn’t say it was as overpowering as rotten teeth. I said there’s a smell, and there is. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago I didn’t say it was as overpowering as rotten teeth. I said there’s a smell, and there is. permalink parent award report block reply
Spez_Isacuck 1 points 2 days ago Oh I would never, trust me. Just making jokes. permalink parent award report block reply
PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 2 days ago So anyone exhaling smoke will be descended upon by a murder of wild Karens? I'd love to see video of that. Seems like all the innocent crack, fent, and meth smokers would be unfairly grouped in with the eeeevil tobacco users. REEEEEEE /s permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I bet illegal Alien Grounds Keepers smoking a Marlboro while trimming their hedges will be 'politely ignored'... permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I bet illegal Alien Grounds Keepers smoking a Marlboro while trimming their hedges will be 'politely ignored'... permalink parent award report block reply
BahamaDon 1 points 2 days ago Soon to have the highest incidence of “covid”. permalink award report block reply
Lib_Women_Have_HSV 1 points 2 days ago Smoking crack alone and playing video games is my 3rd favorite thing to do.  Not a joke permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 2 days ago Pshew, I thought you were talking about Philly for a second. permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 2 days ago They are leftists.  Everything that is not mandatory is banned.  So expect shitting in the street and crack to be mandatory. permalink award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 1 points 2 days ago This got me thinking, ever watched a field of cow manure get hauled by an army of dung beetles, perhaps this is the way. We can drop them by the C130s over the most needed areas. permalink award report block reply
ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 2 days ago Butt smoking crack is also acceptable. permalink award report block reply
ThisIsHowItStarts 1 points 2 days ago The original nicotine ban in bars started in California I remember because I was living there at the time and I was a smoker. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago I remember visiting LA in the 90s and being told I had to step outside to smoke. There was like a little roped off area with a couple of bar stools. It felt like an insult because it was supposed to. Chicago held out for a long time, I think the ban there happened like the mid 00s. LOL imagine it's 10 below and ice rain coming in sideways at 50mph and you have to step outside for a smoke. Oklahoma, Nevada and Florida don't allow smoking bans. As a former smoker, I get irritated by smoke more than people who were never smokers. It drives me fucking insane. Last time I was in Las Vegas I couldn't take it. The smoke made me sick. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 2 days ago I remember visiting LA in the 90s and being told I had to step outside to smoke. There was like a little roped off area with a couple of bar stools. It felt like an insult because it was supposed to. Chicago held out for a long time, I think the ban there happened like the mid 00s. LOL imagine it's 10 below and ice rain coming in sideways at 50mph and you have to step outside for a smoke. Oklahoma, Nevada and Florida don't allow smoking bans. As a former smoker, I get irritated by smoke more than people who were never smokers. It drives me fucking insane. Last time I was in Las Vegas I couldn't take it. The smoke made me sick. permalink parent award report block reply
basedboston 1 points 2 days ago Without tobacco/nicotine as a motivator (e.g.: lay 6 railroad ties, have a smoke) and whiskey as a reward (e.g.: saloon on Friday), San Francisco simply wouldn't exist. permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 1 points 2 days ago No officer, this isn’t a zyn nicotine pouch. It’s  a gender therapy pouch. You see I am a man who identifies as someone who doesn’t give a fuck. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 2 days ago Nicotine is found naturally in some vegetables. The rabbit hole goes very deep. permalink award report block reply
mercynurse 1 points 2 days ago That’s Tiburon, but what will they do in Belvedere? permalink award report block reply
lefty295 1 points 2 days ago The point isn’t “morality”. It’s control by the government. Tobacco companies run the industry now, and they lobby the government. The Dems want it the other way around, the government running rubber stamp tobacco companies. I’m no fan of lobbying, but if you want things more expensive, with less options, and no customer service, give it to the government. The Dems did this with marijuana in their states. Most of them have almost complete state control over it. It was never about any kind of “morality” of legalizing it. It was about tax revenue and controlling the industry. That’s why you keep seeing both blue and red states keep regulating vape and nicotine stuff so hard. It’s not because they want your lungs working. Some GOP want the exact same as well for their states, stupidly. permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago 50 of the 75 carcinogens found in cigarette smoke are found in cannabis smoke. Apparently they're OK with that... permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago 50 of the 75 carcinogens found in cigarette smoke are found in cannabis smoke. Apparently they're OK with that... permalink parent award report block reply
NonbinaryPotatohead 1 points 2 days ago da fuq permalink award report block reply
freebirdie 1 points 2 days ago Tiburon isn't SF. It's a small, elite community that no junky could afford to OD in. There's no shit on the streets because it's full of employed, rich, white people. It's a ban on sales of any nicotine product, which is fully performative, since the article says no retailers in Tiburon actually sell any form of nicotine anyway. You can still smoke outside or in your owned home, but not in rental properties. There aren't any cities in California that allow smoking in multi unit properties anyway. Again downvoted for reading the article and telling the truth. You people are unmitigated faggots. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago Compared to Belvedere, Tiburon is the ghetto. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago Compared to Belvedere, Tiburon is the ghetto. permalink parent award report block reply
Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 2 days ago That worked great for alcohol permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 3 points 2 days ago Wait till they find out how many foods contain Nicotine...including Tomatoes and their precious Chocolate. They said nicotine "...IN ALL FORMS"... permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 1 points 2 days ago Yeah it’s funny how much stuff actually has nicotine. Because nicotine is a naturally occurring pesticide, it often is found on lots of plants. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's even in green and black tea... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago People want to give up nicotine, though. It's true that people are quitting alcohol a lot these days, but the push to get people off nicotine has been really effective - much more so than getting people of alcohol. permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 3 points 2 days ago Wait till they find out how many foods contain Nicotine...including Tomatoes and their precious Chocolate. They said nicotine "...IN ALL FORMS"... permalink parent award report block reply lefty295 1 points 2 days ago Yeah it’s funny how much stuff actually has nicotine. Because nicotine is a naturally occurring pesticide, it often is found on lots of plants. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's even in green and black tea... permalink parent award report block reply
lefty295 1 points 2 days ago Yeah it’s funny how much stuff actually has nicotine. Because nicotine is a naturally occurring pesticide, it often is found on lots of plants. permalink parent award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's even in green and black tea... permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago It's even in green and black tea... permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago People want to give up nicotine, though. It's true that people are quitting alcohol a lot these days, but the push to get people off nicotine has been really effective - much more so than getting people of alcohol. permalink parent award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 1 points 2 days ago What this really is designed for is to keep out all of the riff-raft..like blacks..thugs..gang bangers who all smoke & drink, poor homeless, etc. permalink award report block reply Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I bet you a Donut if one of their Illegal Alien 'Gardeners' or 'Maids' lights up a Marlboro. they look the other way... permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago Well if I had that kind of money, I'd do everything I could to keep the scum from SF and Oakland the fuck out of my wealthy White paradise! permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius OP 1 points 2 days ago I bet you a Donut if one of their Illegal Alien 'Gardeners' or 'Maids' lights up a Marlboro. they look the other way... permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 2 days ago Well if I had that kind of money, I'd do everything I could to keep the scum from SF and Oakland the fuck out of my wealthy White paradise! permalink parent award report block reply
FlgPole -1 points 2 days ago All that but they have to make weed that dont get you high. how about crack that dont get you high. Because weed ends the brainwashing permalink award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply