16 🚨BREAKING: China secretly bought a trailer park in Missouri which SHARES A FENCE with a US nuclear bomber fleet.

They hidden behind multiple shell companies to pull it off.

“It's…where America's largest fleet of B-2 bombers take off.”

This is CRAZY.. posted 35 minutes ago by grannylovestrump 10 comments award share report block Derrick Evans @DerrickEvans4WV • 7h 🚨BREAKING: China secretly bought a trailer park in Missouri which SHARES A FENCE with a US nuclear bomber fleet. They hidden behind multiple shell companies to pull it off. “It's…where America's largest fleet of B-2 bombers take off.” This is CRAZY..
10 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style DJT_MFers1 2 points 34 minutes ago Fucking take it away from them. It’s not hard. permalink award report block reply Alphahorizon 2 points 34 minutes ago Its not uncommon. China buys property in the Arlington area and DC areas to attempt to get whatever information they can. I blame our sell out D/Rs who allow foreign nations to even be able to purchase property of any kind in the US. permalink award report block reply clearasabell 1 points 27 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 1 points 35 minutes ago https://x.com/DerrickEvans4WV/status/1988642459837251726 permalink award report block reply COnDEMnED 1 points 21 minutes ago They’re just outside North Dakota too permalink award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 32 minutes ago If those planes are that critical why are they staged near civilians at all ? permalink award report block reply LastHearth 1 points 26 minutes ago Because where-ever you put it, it's going to have a large airbase full of military personnel, who are going to have families, and a community will pop near it with schools, and grocery stores, and shops, and restaurants, etc, and all those places will be filled with employees, and now you have a bunch of civilians living near the base. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 23 minutes ago I get that, but if they’re that critical people would either be on base or a relative distance away from it. permalink parent award report block reply Wildwind 1 points 18 minutes ago And yet Trump does nothing. permalink award report block reply clearasabell 1 points 30 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
DJT_MFers1 2 points 34 minutes ago Fucking take it away from them. It’s not hard. permalink award report block reply
Alphahorizon 2 points 34 minutes ago Its not uncommon. China buys property in the Arlington area and DC areas to attempt to get whatever information they can. I blame our sell out D/Rs who allow foreign nations to even be able to purchase property of any kind in the US. permalink award report block reply clearasabell 1 points 27 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
clearasabell 1 points 27 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 1 points 35 minutes ago https://x.com/DerrickEvans4WV/status/1988642459837251726 permalink award report block reply
COnDEMnED 1 points 21 minutes ago They’re just outside North Dakota too permalink award report block reply
SpeekFreely 1 points 32 minutes ago If those planes are that critical why are they staged near civilians at all ? permalink award report block reply LastHearth 1 points 26 minutes ago Because where-ever you put it, it's going to have a large airbase full of military personnel, who are going to have families, and a community will pop near it with schools, and grocery stores, and shops, and restaurants, etc, and all those places will be filled with employees, and now you have a bunch of civilians living near the base. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 23 minutes ago I get that, but if they’re that critical people would either be on base or a relative distance away from it. permalink parent award report block reply
LastHearth 1 points 26 minutes ago Because where-ever you put it, it's going to have a large airbase full of military personnel, who are going to have families, and a community will pop near it with schools, and grocery stores, and shops, and restaurants, etc, and all those places will be filled with employees, and now you have a bunch of civilians living near the base. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 23 minutes ago I get that, but if they’re that critical people would either be on base or a relative distance away from it. permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 1 points 23 minutes ago I get that, but if they’re that critical people would either be on base or a relative distance away from it. permalink parent award report block reply
Wildwind 1 points 18 minutes ago And yet Trump does nothing. permalink award report block reply
clearasabell 1 points 30 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply