1131 ANYONE with dual-loyalty is NOT American posted 4 days ago by TRUTH_BE_OUR_DOGMA 109 comments award share download report block
109 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save billybaldwin2 40 points 4 days ago Teddy was also shot during / before a speech for President.  He was also a man that both parties were against. permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 21 points 4 days ago History is cyclical. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 10 points 4 days ago His story is cynical. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 10 points 4 days ago Notice that his position necessarily disallows Muslims. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 7 points 4 days ago why disallow one sandpeople when you can disallow both factions? permalink parent award report block reply myke 5 points 4 days ago Why stop at the two? I can think of a couple more we simply do not need here "helping" us. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Chicago seems to have all the chaos of Somali warlords, for example ... permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -2 points 3 days ago I'm just saying that despite his accurate understanding of the Constitution, Islamic ideology has to be abandoned before having the loyalty he espouses in this short excerpt. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 0 points 3 days ago Now do the other ones... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... bobbacringo 7 points 4 days ago You gotta throw in more details on that assassination attempt. The prepared speech he had was in his breast pocket and it stopped the bullet. He then went on to give a speech without his notes for more than an hour. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 0 points 4 days ago He was also in charge of the Navy as Asst. Sec. of Navy when battleship USS Maine  blew up in Havana.  Then weaseled an Army commission so he could be a "War Hero" and was  serving as Vice President when President William McKinley was shot on September 6, 1901, permalink parent award report block reply violent_minority 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 34 points 4 days ago America First or Fuck Off permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 18 points 4 days ago American Only permalink parent award report block reply TheAftermath 11 points 4 days ago The new MAGA strapline. I love it! permalink parent award report block reply MythArcana 27 points 4 days ago They ALL have to go back. We're closed.  🛑🚧 permalink award report block reply DeltaSierra -22 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 15 points 4 days ago /\ Brown hands typed this post. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 12 points 4 days ago While shitting in the street. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 2 points 4 days ago Eating with one hand while cleaning their ass with the other. They're a multi-talented lot. permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 4 days ago They're all over the thread seething in their monkey god temples about the mean white man. permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Capitalize White, please and thank you. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, so you white dogs somehow discriminate by color/origin despite others being actually American. That is why your culture is degenerate and evil. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 7 points 4 days ago Okay street shitter. Sorry how we recognize that dropping turds on the same block keeps together the flock. Has very little to do with actual skin color. It's judged behavior. I like how all you faggots hate our culture, but can't stop clawing your way in to being part of it. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... LiquidSun 7 points 4 days ago Every culture and country has a right to its own identity. You don't belong here. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Above_Reproach 6 points 4 days ago Thank you, come again. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Cthaat 14 points 4 days ago Nice virtue signal you fucking traitor. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 5 points 4 days ago Spoken like a true dick sucking communist faggot. permalink parent award report block reply VirTW 22 points 4 days ago I think Teddy would have a few things to say about the way things are now permalink award report block reply Viewer01 11 points 4 days ago 90% of this country’s forefathers would be conducting mass purges and deportations long ago. It is only this current aberration of extreme liberalism that it is tolerated. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago The other 10% of our forefathers would be on non-stop killing spree until DC was a ghost town. permalink parent award report block reply Aoikaze2000 13 points 4 days ago Dual citizenship should be terminated.  You're either American or you're not. And while states (like New Mexico) can add a second language, everything at the Federal level should be in American English. permalink award report block reply IroWide 13 points 4 days ago This was about European immigrants too. He definitely did not want mud slimes coming here, as his opinion was to "drive the Spaniard from the western world", which is why he took part in the Cuba campaigns. permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue -11 points 4 days ago Most of the people upvoting OP will turn right around and start puffing their chest out over "Muh great grand-paddy in Ireland" or wherever regardless that Europeans hate our country as bad as the muslims do and for many of the same reasons. permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 -1 points 4 days ago It's hilarious when Americans claim Irish ancestry and then visit Ireland or encounter native Irish people. They have disdain for you and have developed a superiority complex against Irish Americans. They deserve to become a Muslim country permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 0 points 4 days ago Its the same with every other flavor of European, they are all cuntist and hate America and Americans even though we let them leech fortunes off us via NATO and their one sided trade policies.   All they ever have to say is "America should have gun control like we do, America is stupid, America should have free healthcare like we do, America should have free college like we do, etc.".  Meanwhile their cultures and civilization are on the decline and have been for decades, nobody should want to be emulating Eurocrap unless they're suidical. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply brainphreeze 9 points 4 days ago There's enough sample evidence now to know which countries people assimilate and which don't permalink award report block reply anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, whites are the top of that sample pile. Haven't assimilated into literally any other culture/country. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago Why would anyone want to assimilate with a culture that's barely out of the stone age and never invented utensils or something to wipe their asses with? permalink parent award report block reply anishr -1 points 3 days ago Why would anyone ignore all the good things about a culture and presume all the bullshit you just said? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 3 points 4 days ago Look at me. I'm the CEO now. permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 4 days ago Yeah, you should find somewhere else to go, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -2 points 4 days ago Yeah. I remember thinking “wow haha, these guys get super weird when offended” when someone on reddit/twitter told me to kill myself. I remember thinking that the MAGA crowd on this site was better. Plot twist: they’re worse. permalink parent award report block reply myke 3 points 4 days ago No doubt, there's so many other places you could go where people aren't so bad. Like, a bunch of them. You should go to one of them, for sure, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments... Bldg_2019 8 points 4 days ago Make Israelis, slopes and Puerto Spicans foreign again. permalink award report block reply Skogin 7 points 4 days ago needs USA #1 flair permalink award report block reply Spike 7 points 4 days ago AIPAC does not approve this message you anti-semite! permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 6 points 4 days ago if shtf in the US, I'll bet about about 25% of the people here would leave here instantly and 'go home' citizens or not. permalink award report block reply lul_cheto 6 points 4 days ago America first! America only! permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 4 days ago Absolutely!!! permalink parent award report block reply toobaditworks 4 points 4 days ago But what country would he visit first if he was elected? Why not israel? Why isn't he going to israel? GET THAT MAN TO ISRAEL NOW! If he isn't going to israel he is a patriotic American! permalink award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Would he have worn the little hat and kissed the wall? permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 4 points 4 days ago Old Teddy would be labeled both a racist and an anti-semite nowadays for saying this. Probably have ben shapiro or levin trying to cancel him. permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago More proof of his excellence. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 4 points 4 days ago Only one flag eh? He’d fall over dead if he went through the offices of our elected officials. permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago Somebody definitely would be falling over dead, but I don't think it would be Teddy. permalink parent award report block reply ArtLife 4 points 4 days ago Notice also he says loyalty to the "American people". Not the abstract country, because he understood that America is only Americans, and without Americans, there is no America. permalink award report block reply Redeemable 3 points 4 days ago Of course when he said that he only meant immigrants of European origin. It is impossible to fully assimilate any other group. permalink award report block reply Mellop 3 points 4 days ago Oy Gevalt! permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 4 days ago And if you don't believe him, he's got a big stick he calls his furner bopper to help you get your mind right permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 2 points 4 days ago Ex-fucking-actly! America(ns) First. Keep the best kick out the rest. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply jpeter 2 points 4 days ago Amen! President Roosevelt. permalink award report block reply Above_Reproach 2 points 4 days ago speak softly and knock that tiny hat off with a big stick.
Uncle ted, probably. permalink award report block reply Wildwind 1 points 4 days ago Anyone from another country is not American. permalink award report block reply KarenLukasik 1 points 4 days ago So maybe around 10% of congress holds dual citizenship.Does anyone know the true answer. I mean the right answer would be zero,but I don’t think that’s so… permalink award report block reply GodSaveTheWest 1 points 4 days ago And mostly one religion. The likes of Islam, Hinduism, etc is not compatible with american values. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 1 points 4 days ago It's slanderous to accuse people like Benji being dual loyalty. He's only loyal to Israel. permalink award report block reply awsure 1 points 4 days ago Mass deportation now‼️ permalink award report block reply cptkloss5 -2 points 4 days ago Seems to me all Roosevelts were rabid antisemites... First FDR saying that there can by only 1 jew family per town and now this! Outrage! permalink award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 4 days ago Fucking legend. permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon -6 points 4 days ago Teddy was democrat who served 4 terms but died during the 4th...... permalink award report block reply the_new_one 4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply YearninNation 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
billybaldwin2 40 points 4 days ago Teddy was also shot during / before a speech for President.  He was also a man that both parties were against. permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 21 points 4 days ago History is cyclical. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 10 points 4 days ago His story is cynical. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 10 points 4 days ago Notice that his position necessarily disallows Muslims. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 7 points 4 days ago why disallow one sandpeople when you can disallow both factions? permalink parent award report block reply myke 5 points 4 days ago Why stop at the two? I can think of a couple more we simply do not need here "helping" us. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Chicago seems to have all the chaos of Somali warlords, for example ... permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -2 points 3 days ago I'm just saying that despite his accurate understanding of the Constitution, Islamic ideology has to be abandoned before having the loyalty he espouses in this short excerpt. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 0 points 3 days ago Now do the other ones... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... bobbacringo 7 points 4 days ago You gotta throw in more details on that assassination attempt. The prepared speech he had was in his breast pocket and it stopped the bullet. He then went on to give a speech without his notes for more than an hour. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 0 points 4 days ago He was also in charge of the Navy as Asst. Sec. of Navy when battleship USS Maine  blew up in Havana.  Then weaseled an Army commission so he could be a "War Hero" and was  serving as Vice President when President William McKinley was shot on September 6, 1901, permalink parent award report block reply violent_minority 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
MickHigan2 21 points 4 days ago History is cyclical. permalink parent award report block reply Skogin 10 points 4 days ago His story is cynical. permalink parent award report block reply
Skogin 10 points 4 days ago His story is cynical. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 10 points 4 days ago Notice that his position necessarily disallows Muslims. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 7 points 4 days ago why disallow one sandpeople when you can disallow both factions? permalink parent award report block reply myke 5 points 4 days ago Why stop at the two? I can think of a couple more we simply do not need here "helping" us. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Chicago seems to have all the chaos of Somali warlords, for example ... permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -2 points 3 days ago I'm just saying that despite his accurate understanding of the Constitution, Islamic ideology has to be abandoned before having the loyalty he espouses in this short excerpt. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 0 points 3 days ago Now do the other ones... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Above_Reproach 7 points 4 days ago why disallow one sandpeople when you can disallow both factions? permalink parent award report block reply myke 5 points 4 days ago Why stop at the two? I can think of a couple more we simply do not need here "helping" us. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Chicago seems to have all the chaos of Somali warlords, for example ... permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 -2 points 3 days ago I'm just saying that despite his accurate understanding of the Constitution, Islamic ideology has to be abandoned before having the loyalty he espouses in this short excerpt. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 0 points 3 days ago Now do the other ones... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
myke 5 points 4 days ago Why stop at the two? I can think of a couple more we simply do not need here "helping" us. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Chicago seems to have all the chaos of Somali warlords, for example ... permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Chicago seems to have all the chaos of Somali warlords, for example ... permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 -2 points 3 days ago I'm just saying that despite his accurate understanding of the Constitution, Islamic ideology has to be abandoned before having the loyalty he espouses in this short excerpt. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 0 points 3 days ago Now do the other ones... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Above_Reproach 0 points 3 days ago Now do the other ones... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
bobbacringo 7 points 4 days ago You gotta throw in more details on that assassination attempt. The prepared speech he had was in his breast pocket and it stopped the bullet. He then went on to give a speech without his notes for more than an hour. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 0 points 4 days ago He was also in charge of the Navy as Asst. Sec. of Navy when battleship USS Maine  blew up in Havana.  Then weaseled an Army commission so he could be a "War Hero" and was  serving as Vice President when President William McKinley was shot on September 6, 1901, permalink parent award report block reply
violent_minority 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 34 points 4 days ago America First or Fuck Off permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 18 points 4 days ago American Only permalink parent award report block reply TheAftermath 11 points 4 days ago The new MAGA strapline. I love it! permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 18 points 4 days ago American Only permalink parent award report block reply
TheAftermath 11 points 4 days ago The new MAGA strapline. I love it! permalink parent award report block reply
MythArcana 27 points 4 days ago They ALL have to go back. We're closed.  🛑🚧 permalink award report block reply DeltaSierra -22 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 15 points 4 days ago /\ Brown hands typed this post. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 12 points 4 days ago While shitting in the street. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 2 points 4 days ago Eating with one hand while cleaning their ass with the other. They're a multi-talented lot. permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 4 days ago They're all over the thread seething in their monkey god temples about the mean white man. permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Capitalize White, please and thank you. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, so you white dogs somehow discriminate by color/origin despite others being actually American. That is why your culture is degenerate and evil. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 7 points 4 days ago Okay street shitter. Sorry how we recognize that dropping turds on the same block keeps together the flock. Has very little to do with actual skin color. It's judged behavior. I like how all you faggots hate our culture, but can't stop clawing your way in to being part of it. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... LiquidSun 7 points 4 days ago Every culture and country has a right to its own identity. You don't belong here. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Above_Reproach 6 points 4 days ago Thank you, come again. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Cthaat 14 points 4 days ago Nice virtue signal you fucking traitor. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 5 points 4 days ago Spoken like a true dick sucking communist faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra -22 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 15 points 4 days ago /\ Brown hands typed this post. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 12 points 4 days ago While shitting in the street. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 2 points 4 days ago Eating with one hand while cleaning their ass with the other. They're a multi-talented lot. permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 4 days ago They're all over the thread seething in their monkey god temples about the mean white man. permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Capitalize White, please and thank you. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, so you white dogs somehow discriminate by color/origin despite others being actually American. That is why your culture is degenerate and evil. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 7 points 4 days ago Okay street shitter. Sorry how we recognize that dropping turds on the same block keeps together the flock. Has very little to do with actual skin color. It's judged behavior. I like how all you faggots hate our culture, but can't stop clawing your way in to being part of it. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... LiquidSun 7 points 4 days ago Every culture and country has a right to its own identity. You don't belong here. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Above_Reproach 6 points 4 days ago Thank you, come again. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Cthaat 14 points 4 days ago Nice virtue signal you fucking traitor. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 5 points 4 days ago Spoken like a true dick sucking communist faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 15 points 4 days ago /\ Brown hands typed this post. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 12 points 4 days ago While shitting in the street. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 2 points 4 days ago Eating with one hand while cleaning their ass with the other. They're a multi-talented lot. permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 4 days ago They're all over the thread seething in their monkey god temples about the mean white man. permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Capitalize White, please and thank you. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, so you white dogs somehow discriminate by color/origin despite others being actually American. That is why your culture is degenerate and evil. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 7 points 4 days ago Okay street shitter. Sorry how we recognize that dropping turds on the same block keeps together the flock. Has very little to do with actual skin color. It's judged behavior. I like how all you faggots hate our culture, but can't stop clawing your way in to being part of it. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... LiquidSun 7 points 4 days ago Every culture and country has a right to its own identity. You don't belong here. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Above_Reproach 6 points 4 days ago Thank you, come again. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
BigMikesSwingingCock 12 points 4 days ago While shitting in the street. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 2 points 4 days ago Eating with one hand while cleaning their ass with the other. They're a multi-talented lot. permalink parent award report block reply
RagnarD 2 points 4 days ago Eating with one hand while cleaning their ass with the other. They're a multi-talented lot. permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 6 points 4 days ago They're all over the thread seething in their monkey god temples about the mean white man. permalink parent award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Capitalize White, please and thank you. permalink parent award report block reply
myke 1 points 4 days ago Capitalize White, please and thank you. permalink parent award report block reply
anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, so you white dogs somehow discriminate by color/origin despite others being actually American. That is why your culture is degenerate and evil. permalink parent award report block reply StayoutOfit 7 points 4 days ago Okay street shitter. Sorry how we recognize that dropping turds on the same block keeps together the flock. Has very little to do with actual skin color. It's judged behavior. I like how all you faggots hate our culture, but can't stop clawing your way in to being part of it. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... LiquidSun 7 points 4 days ago Every culture and country has a right to its own identity. You don't belong here. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Above_Reproach 6 points 4 days ago Thank you, come again. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
StayoutOfit 7 points 4 days ago Okay street shitter. Sorry how we recognize that dropping turds on the same block keeps together the flock. Has very little to do with actual skin color. It's judged behavior. I like how all you faggots hate our culture, but can't stop clawing your way in to being part of it. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
LiquidSun 7 points 4 days ago Every culture and country has a right to its own identity. You don't belong here. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Above_Reproach 6 points 4 days ago Thank you, come again. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Cthaat 14 points 4 days ago Nice virtue signal you fucking traitor. permalink parent award report block reply
StayoutOfit 5 points 4 days ago Spoken like a true dick sucking communist faggot. permalink parent award report block reply
VirTW 22 points 4 days ago I think Teddy would have a few things to say about the way things are now permalink award report block reply Viewer01 11 points 4 days ago 90% of this country’s forefathers would be conducting mass purges and deportations long ago. It is only this current aberration of extreme liberalism that it is tolerated. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago The other 10% of our forefathers would be on non-stop killing spree until DC was a ghost town. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 11 points 4 days ago 90% of this country’s forefathers would be conducting mass purges and deportations long ago. It is only this current aberration of extreme liberalism that it is tolerated. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago The other 10% of our forefathers would be on non-stop killing spree until DC was a ghost town. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago The other 10% of our forefathers would be on non-stop killing spree until DC was a ghost town. permalink parent award report block reply
Aoikaze2000 13 points 4 days ago Dual citizenship should be terminated.  You're either American or you're not. And while states (like New Mexico) can add a second language, everything at the Federal level should be in American English. permalink award report block reply
IroWide 13 points 4 days ago This was about European immigrants too. He definitely did not want mud slimes coming here, as his opinion was to "drive the Spaniard from the western world", which is why he took part in the Cuba campaigns. permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue -11 points 4 days ago Most of the people upvoting OP will turn right around and start puffing their chest out over "Muh great grand-paddy in Ireland" or wherever regardless that Europeans hate our country as bad as the muslims do and for many of the same reasons. permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 -1 points 4 days ago It's hilarious when Americans claim Irish ancestry and then visit Ireland or encounter native Irish people. They have disdain for you and have developed a superiority complex against Irish Americans. They deserve to become a Muslim country permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 0 points 4 days ago Its the same with every other flavor of European, they are all cuntist and hate America and Americans even though we let them leech fortunes off us via NATO and their one sided trade policies.   All they ever have to say is "America should have gun control like we do, America is stupid, America should have free healthcare like we do, America should have free college like we do, etc.".  Meanwhile their cultures and civilization are on the decline and have been for decades, nobody should want to be emulating Eurocrap unless they're suidical. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue -11 points 4 days ago Most of the people upvoting OP will turn right around and start puffing their chest out over "Muh great grand-paddy in Ireland" or wherever regardless that Europeans hate our country as bad as the muslims do and for many of the same reasons. permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 -1 points 4 days ago It's hilarious when Americans claim Irish ancestry and then visit Ireland or encounter native Irish people. They have disdain for you and have developed a superiority complex against Irish Americans. They deserve to become a Muslim country permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 0 points 4 days ago Its the same with every other flavor of European, they are all cuntist and hate America and Americans even though we let them leech fortunes off us via NATO and their one sided trade policies.   All they ever have to say is "America should have gun control like we do, America is stupid, America should have free healthcare like we do, America should have free college like we do, etc.".  Meanwhile their cultures and civilization are on the decline and have been for decades, nobody should want to be emulating Eurocrap unless they're suidical. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 -1 points 4 days ago It's hilarious when Americans claim Irish ancestry and then visit Ireland or encounter native Irish people. They have disdain for you and have developed a superiority complex against Irish Americans. They deserve to become a Muslim country permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 0 points 4 days ago Its the same with every other flavor of European, they are all cuntist and hate America and Americans even though we let them leech fortunes off us via NATO and their one sided trade policies.   All they ever have to say is "America should have gun control like we do, America is stupid, America should have free healthcare like we do, America should have free college like we do, etc.".  Meanwhile their cultures and civilization are on the decline and have been for decades, nobody should want to be emulating Eurocrap unless they're suidical. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 0 points 4 days ago Its the same with every other flavor of European, they are all cuntist and hate America and Americans even though we let them leech fortunes off us via NATO and their one sided trade policies.   All they ever have to say is "America should have gun control like we do, America is stupid, America should have free healthcare like we do, America should have free college like we do, etc.".  Meanwhile their cultures and civilization are on the decline and have been for decades, nobody should want to be emulating Eurocrap unless they're suidical. permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
brainphreeze 9 points 4 days ago There's enough sample evidence now to know which countries people assimilate and which don't permalink award report block reply anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, whites are the top of that sample pile. Haven't assimilated into literally any other culture/country. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago Why would anyone want to assimilate with a culture that's barely out of the stone age and never invented utensils or something to wipe their asses with? permalink parent award report block reply anishr -1 points 3 days ago Why would anyone ignore all the good things about a culture and presume all the bullshit you just said? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 3 points 4 days ago Look at me. I'm the CEO now. permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 4 days ago Yeah, you should find somewhere else to go, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -2 points 4 days ago Yeah. I remember thinking “wow haha, these guys get super weird when offended” when someone on reddit/twitter told me to kill myself. I remember thinking that the MAGA crowd on this site was better. Plot twist: they’re worse. permalink parent award report block reply myke 3 points 4 days ago No doubt, there's so many other places you could go where people aren't so bad. Like, a bunch of them. You should go to one of them, for sure, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments...
anishr -8 points 4 days ago Yeah, whites are the top of that sample pile. Haven't assimilated into literally any other culture/country. permalink parent award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago Why would anyone want to assimilate with a culture that's barely out of the stone age and never invented utensils or something to wipe their asses with? permalink parent award report block reply anishr -1 points 3 days ago Why would anyone ignore all the good things about a culture and presume all the bullshit you just said? permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 3 points 4 days ago Look at me. I'm the CEO now. permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 4 days ago Yeah, you should find somewhere else to go, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -2 points 4 days ago Yeah. I remember thinking “wow haha, these guys get super weird when offended” when someone on reddit/twitter told me to kill myself. I remember thinking that the MAGA crowd on this site was better. Plot twist: they’re worse. permalink parent award report block reply myke 3 points 4 days ago No doubt, there's so many other places you could go where people aren't so bad. Like, a bunch of them. You should go to one of them, for sure, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments...
RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago Why would anyone want to assimilate with a culture that's barely out of the stone age and never invented utensils or something to wipe their asses with? permalink parent award report block reply anishr -1 points 3 days ago Why would anyone ignore all the good things about a culture and presume all the bullshit you just said? permalink parent award report block reply
anishr -1 points 3 days ago Why would anyone ignore all the good things about a culture and presume all the bullshit you just said? permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra -4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Above_Reproach 3 points 4 days ago Look at me. I'm the CEO now. permalink parent award report block reply myke 2 points 4 days ago Yeah, you should find somewhere else to go, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply anishr -2 points 4 days ago Yeah. I remember thinking “wow haha, these guys get super weird when offended” when someone on reddit/twitter told me to kill myself. I remember thinking that the MAGA crowd on this site was better. Plot twist: they’re worse. permalink parent award report block reply myke 3 points 4 days ago No doubt, there's so many other places you could go where people aren't so bad. Like, a bunch of them. You should go to one of them, for sure, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments...
Above_Reproach 3 points 4 days ago Look at me. I'm the CEO now. permalink parent award report block reply
myke 2 points 4 days ago Yeah, you should find somewhere else to go, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply
anishr -2 points 4 days ago Yeah. I remember thinking “wow haha, these guys get super weird when offended” when someone on reddit/twitter told me to kill myself. I remember thinking that the MAGA crowd on this site was better. Plot twist: they’re worse. permalink parent award report block reply myke 3 points 4 days ago No doubt, there's so many other places you could go where people aren't so bad. Like, a bunch of them. You should go to one of them, for sure, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments...
myke 3 points 4 days ago No doubt, there's so many other places you could go where people aren't so bad. Like, a bunch of them. You should go to one of them, for sure, I agree. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments...
Bldg_2019 8 points 4 days ago Make Israelis, slopes and Puerto Spicans foreign again. permalink award report block reply
Skogin 7 points 4 days ago needs USA #1 flair permalink award report block reply
Spike 7 points 4 days ago AIPAC does not approve this message you anti-semite! permalink award report block reply
freedom-thinker 6 points 4 days ago if shtf in the US, I'll bet about about 25% of the people here would leave here instantly and 'go home' citizens or not. permalink award report block reply
lul_cheto 6 points 4 days ago America first! America only! permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 4 days ago Absolutely!!! permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 4 days ago Absolutely!!! permalink parent award report block reply
toobaditworks 4 points 4 days ago But what country would he visit first if he was elected? Why not israel? Why isn't he going to israel? GET THAT MAN TO ISRAEL NOW! If he isn't going to israel he is a patriotic American! permalink award report block reply myke 1 points 4 days ago Would he have worn the little hat and kissed the wall? permalink parent award report block reply
myke 1 points 4 days ago Would he have worn the little hat and kissed the wall? permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 4 points 4 days ago Old Teddy would be labeled both a racist and an anti-semite nowadays for saying this. Probably have ben shapiro or levin trying to cancel him. permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago More proof of his excellence. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago More proof of his excellence. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 4 points 4 days ago Only one flag eh? He’d fall over dead if he went through the offices of our elected officials. permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago Somebody definitely would be falling over dead, but I don't think it would be Teddy. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 1 points 4 days ago Somebody definitely would be falling over dead, but I don't think it would be Teddy. permalink parent award report block reply
ArtLife 4 points 4 days ago Notice also he says loyalty to the "American people". Not the abstract country, because he understood that America is only Americans, and without Americans, there is no America. permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 3 points 4 days ago Of course when he said that he only meant immigrants of European origin. It is impossible to fully assimilate any other group. permalink award report block reply
Mellop 3 points 4 days ago Oy Gevalt! permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 2 points 4 days ago And if you don't believe him, he's got a big stick he calls his furner bopper to help you get your mind right permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 2 points 4 days ago Ex-fucking-actly! America(ns) First. Keep the best kick out the rest. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply
jpeter 2 points 4 days ago Amen! President Roosevelt. permalink award report block reply
Above_Reproach 2 points 4 days ago speak softly and knock that tiny hat off with a big stick.
Uncle ted, probably. permalink award report block reply
Wildwind 1 points 4 days ago Anyone from another country is not American. permalink award report block reply
KarenLukasik 1 points 4 days ago So maybe around 10% of congress holds dual citizenship.Does anyone know the true answer. I mean the right answer would be zero,but I don’t think that’s so… permalink award report block reply
GodSaveTheWest 1 points 4 days ago And mostly one religion. The likes of Islam, Hinduism, etc is not compatible with american values. permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 1 points 4 days ago It's slanderous to accuse people like Benji being dual loyalty. He's only loyal to Israel. permalink award report block reply
awsure 1 points 4 days ago Mass deportation now‼️ permalink award report block reply
cptkloss5 -2 points 4 days ago Seems to me all Roosevelts were rabid antisemites... First FDR saying that there can by only 1 jew family per town and now this! Outrage! permalink award report block reply Above_Reproach 1 points 4 days ago Fucking legend. permalink parent award report block reply
Above_Reproach 1 points 4 days ago Fucking legend. permalink parent award report block reply
YodaBannon -6 points 4 days ago Teddy was democrat who served 4 terms but died during the 4th...... permalink award report block reply
the_new_one 4 points 4 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
YearninNation 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply