453 President Trump has lost his way with H1-Bs. Hers not looking in the right direction. Whoever is advising him on this has to be removed.  Call the Whitehouse.

PHONE NUMBERS
Comments: 202-456-1111
Switchboard: 202-456-1414

TTY/TTD
Comments: 202-456-6213
Visitor's Office: 202-456-2121 posted 10 hours ago by Counterwhat 46 comments award share download report block
46 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save HenkZeilstra 14 points 10 hours ago I guess you saw his Fox News interview permalink award report block reply awookienookie 5 points 5 hours ago Yeah sure did, Trump can bend over and get fucked if that’s his position on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 4 points 5 hours ago America needs sound money --- not the Jew-Lord fiat currency. All of the other stuff is pissing in the wind if we don't have sound money. permalink parent award report block reply Trump4Infinity 12 points 8 hours ago Susie Wiles - Jew - Dual Citizen with Israel permalink award report block reply awookienookie 3 points 5 hours ago That video will forever be funny permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 9 points 9 hours ago So far this 2nd term is effectively a complete failure. Not looking good. permalink award report block reply Marina 3 points 9 hours ago It would have been a million times worse under Camala . The man risked his life for us . permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 14 points 8 hours ago We’re going right back to Kamala or worse with any progress made being undone. Trump needs to course correct, hard. Bringing manufacturing back isn’t going to win the midterms. Not when Americans can’t get good paying jobs. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago He's not going to do shit. Maybe he was just a con man. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 4 points 8 hours ago Agreed he seems neutered at the very least permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... iamherefortheluls 5 points 5 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 and whoever they pick by than is going to make Kamala look good. People here miss out on a TON of details of what is actually happening, and many don't see the forest for the trees so to speak because they track daily updates and don't step back to look at the big picture. There was a podcast yesterday where one of Trump's strongest supporters walked through Trumps entire term so far. 2 hour walkthrough https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MjEkOKoHcg and the Tl,DR on that is that its fucking dismal.
He is failing MAGA on pretty much everything, and most of the things MAGA thinks they are winning on, they are not. USDA is alive and well (less LGBT, instead your tax money is being spent to track and report people in Norway for downloading hentai games), deportations are negligible (especially when you compare those numbers vs. new HB1 visas being handed out) and also how offshoring only accelerated under him, economy is MUCH worse for the average American and getting set for an unprecedented collapse... Barnes is still fully pro-Trump, but frankly when one looks at Trump's actions it very much appears that around the time when he suddenly flopped on Epstein, that was the moment of total sell out of MAGA to the swamp. He actually purged almost all MAGA people from his admin now - he's got Soros shills and warhawks everywhere that matters. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 4 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 I was holding off on this. But my suspicion, based on precedent, is that was going to happen anyway by design. Left holds the baton. Right holds the baton.  Both sides controlled opposition. permalink parent award report block reply Oleander 1 points 4 hours ago That's been the status quo, but something is going to change soon. We are, realistically, one amnesty deal away from permanent Democrat control. When it all goes to shit, people will look for something different, and the only ones promising change to the system are the communists. Dark times ahead. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SpeekFreely 8 points 10 hours ago MSNBC Morning Joe is relating Trump to Reagan on this issue, celebrating Trump. Reagan was a Globalist in his latter political years. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 7 points 9 hours ago Reagan was the ultimate cuckservative traitor. permalink parent award report block reply RandyMoss 5 points 7 hours ago Reagan was ALWAYS a globalist. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 4 hours ago Any position that hurts actual Americans will be celebrated by such people. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 6 hours ago Hard to watch permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 4 points 5 hours ago I think he was saying you need some people who were working overseas to train people in the US as a company is moved into the US from overseas. I love how everyone pounces on everything he says on both sides now with the same Emotional Retardation. permalink award report block reply lizardo221 2 points 2 hours ago You are completely right, and it is painful how dumb "conservatives" are being on this. permalink parent award report block reply VaporJet11 4 points 8 hours ago Selling middle America down the river. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 4 points 3 hours ago TY for posting the phone numbers. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 1 points 3 hours ago 👍 permalink parent award report block reply HostlyMarmless 3 points 9 hours ago Because the person(s) advising him SURELY won't be able to intercept messages from the switchboard. permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 2 points 5 hours ago the comment line just hangs up on you permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 6 hours ago This, re-banning weed, digital ID. None of that is america first. It's rich ass donors first. permalink award report block reply Mitch_WerBell_III 2 points 5 hours ago Weed is garbage.  Cocaine should be legalized instead. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 0 points 3 hours ago Reddit turds need to take their stupid comments back to the Kamala/Win/KMA site. permalink award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD -1 points 10 hours ago Everyone should call in and express themselves. But keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ permalink award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 14 points 9 hours ago Is it truly MAGA anymore though if we just throw America totally under the bus for this or any other important issue just to keep some facade of unity? This isn't a minor issue, we've told an entire generation of kids that if they just stuck to STEM, they'd have good jobs and stable lives, just to yank it out from under them and call them lazy and entitled. This is of course after telling the ones before them that we're a service economy now, only to kick them in the balls too and hire illegals instead. The entire younger half of the population and growing is increasingly desperate, angry, and hopeless, and with absolutely good reason. This is why it's so easy for the left to lure them with the siren song of communism, because they don't see any other way forward in our defective dying retarded country. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 3 points 9 hours ago I agree. That's why it's a great wedge issue.
But you have to decide whether you're going to let them split MAGA or not. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Then split it. I don't give a fuck. It was build a wall, now it's "Americans aren't talented enough to survive without H1B." Get the fuck out of here. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 1 points 9 hours ago Trump’s logic is simple. His #1 issue is businesses leaving America. Therefore he will do ANYTHING to prevent that, even if it means screwing over Americans. H1B indentured servants? Have at it as long as you stay in America. His #1 goal above EVERYTHING is to bring businesses to America. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 10 points 9 hours ago That's such a short-sighted way of thinking. Without Americans, what is America other than a poorly run dirt patch with too many regulations and taxes. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 9 hours ago Unfortunately, this is the kind of “patriotism” that Boomers like Trump exhibit constantly. Making America stronger while screwing over Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Sounds jewish. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 10 hours ago Send him an email, I’m sure he’s reading some now https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/ permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 3 points 6 hours ago Not that he will be reading them but I did send an email stating my disgust. They must have a metric that says for every email they get a certain number of people also feel this way also with phone calls, etc. Might be worth a few seconds to blast them with your thoughts as meaningless as it seems. permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 2 points 5 hours ago the reason why it's being pushed is because he promised to stop that shit and instead letting it go. using Israel he promised to reign that one in too with 'no new wars' permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 2 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 14 points 10 hours ago I guess you saw his Fox News interview permalink award report block reply awookienookie 5 points 5 hours ago Yeah sure did, Trump can bend over and get fucked if that’s his position on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 4 points 5 hours ago America needs sound money --- not the Jew-Lord fiat currency. All of the other stuff is pissing in the wind if we don't have sound money. permalink parent award report block reply
awookienookie 5 points 5 hours ago Yeah sure did, Trump can bend over and get fucked if that’s his position on Americans. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 4 points 5 hours ago America needs sound money --- not the Jew-Lord fiat currency. All of the other stuff is pissing in the wind if we don't have sound money. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 4 points 5 hours ago America needs sound money --- not the Jew-Lord fiat currency. All of the other stuff is pissing in the wind if we don't have sound money. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 12 points 8 hours ago Susie Wiles - Jew - Dual Citizen with Israel permalink award report block reply awookienookie 3 points 5 hours ago That video will forever be funny permalink parent award report block reply
awookienookie 3 points 5 hours ago That video will forever be funny permalink parent award report block reply
_2022_ 9 points 9 hours ago So far this 2nd term is effectively a complete failure. Not looking good. permalink award report block reply Marina 3 points 9 hours ago It would have been a million times worse under Camala . The man risked his life for us . permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 14 points 8 hours ago We’re going right back to Kamala or worse with any progress made being undone. Trump needs to course correct, hard. Bringing manufacturing back isn’t going to win the midterms. Not when Americans can’t get good paying jobs. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago He's not going to do shit. Maybe he was just a con man. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 4 points 8 hours ago Agreed he seems neutered at the very least permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... iamherefortheluls 5 points 5 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 and whoever they pick by than is going to make Kamala look good. People here miss out on a TON of details of what is actually happening, and many don't see the forest for the trees so to speak because they track daily updates and don't step back to look at the big picture. There was a podcast yesterday where one of Trump's strongest supporters walked through Trumps entire term so far. 2 hour walkthrough https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MjEkOKoHcg and the Tl,DR on that is that its fucking dismal.
He is failing MAGA on pretty much everything, and most of the things MAGA thinks they are winning on, they are not. USDA is alive and well (less LGBT, instead your tax money is being spent to track and report people in Norway for downloading hentai games), deportations are negligible (especially when you compare those numbers vs. new HB1 visas being handed out) and also how offshoring only accelerated under him, economy is MUCH worse for the average American and getting set for an unprecedented collapse... Barnes is still fully pro-Trump, but frankly when one looks at Trump's actions it very much appears that around the time when he suddenly flopped on Epstein, that was the moment of total sell out of MAGA to the swamp. He actually purged almost all MAGA people from his admin now - he's got Soros shills and warhawks everywhere that matters. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 4 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 I was holding off on this. But my suspicion, based on precedent, is that was going to happen anyway by design. Left holds the baton. Right holds the baton.  Both sides controlled opposition. permalink parent award report block reply Oleander 1 points 4 hours ago That's been the status quo, but something is going to change soon. We are, realistically, one amnesty deal away from permanent Democrat control. When it all goes to shit, people will look for something different, and the only ones promising change to the system are the communists. Dark times ahead. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Marina 3 points 9 hours ago It would have been a million times worse under Camala . The man risked his life for us . permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 14 points 8 hours ago We’re going right back to Kamala or worse with any progress made being undone. Trump needs to course correct, hard. Bringing manufacturing back isn’t going to win the midterms. Not when Americans can’t get good paying jobs. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago He's not going to do shit. Maybe he was just a con man. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 4 points 8 hours ago Agreed he seems neutered at the very least permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... iamherefortheluls 5 points 5 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 and whoever they pick by than is going to make Kamala look good. People here miss out on a TON of details of what is actually happening, and many don't see the forest for the trees so to speak because they track daily updates and don't step back to look at the big picture. There was a podcast yesterday where one of Trump's strongest supporters walked through Trumps entire term so far. 2 hour walkthrough https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MjEkOKoHcg and the Tl,DR on that is that its fucking dismal.
He is failing MAGA on pretty much everything, and most of the things MAGA thinks they are winning on, they are not. USDA is alive and well (less LGBT, instead your tax money is being spent to track and report people in Norway for downloading hentai games), deportations are negligible (especially when you compare those numbers vs. new HB1 visas being handed out) and also how offshoring only accelerated under him, economy is MUCH worse for the average American and getting set for an unprecedented collapse... Barnes is still fully pro-Trump, but frankly when one looks at Trump's actions it very much appears that around the time when he suddenly flopped on Epstein, that was the moment of total sell out of MAGA to the swamp. He actually purged almost all MAGA people from his admin now - he's got Soros shills and warhawks everywhere that matters. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 4 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 I was holding off on this. But my suspicion, based on precedent, is that was going to happen anyway by design. Left holds the baton. Right holds the baton.  Both sides controlled opposition. permalink parent award report block reply Oleander 1 points 4 hours ago That's been the status quo, but something is going to change soon. We are, realistically, one amnesty deal away from permanent Democrat control. When it all goes to shit, people will look for something different, and the only ones promising change to the system are the communists. Dark times ahead. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
_2022_ 14 points 8 hours ago We’re going right back to Kamala or worse with any progress made being undone. Trump needs to course correct, hard. Bringing manufacturing back isn’t going to win the midterms. Not when Americans can’t get good paying jobs. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago He's not going to do shit. Maybe he was just a con man. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 4 points 8 hours ago Agreed he seems neutered at the very least permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SimaYi 2 points 8 hours ago He's not going to do shit. Maybe he was just a con man. permalink parent award report block reply _2022_ 4 points 8 hours ago Agreed he seems neutered at the very least permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
_2022_ 4 points 8 hours ago Agreed he seems neutered at the very least permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
iamherefortheluls 5 points 5 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 and whoever they pick by than is going to make Kamala look good. People here miss out on a TON of details of what is actually happening, and many don't see the forest for the trees so to speak because they track daily updates and don't step back to look at the big picture. There was a podcast yesterday where one of Trump's strongest supporters walked through Trumps entire term so far. 2 hour walkthrough https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MjEkOKoHcg and the Tl,DR on that is that its fucking dismal.
He is failing MAGA on pretty much everything, and most of the things MAGA thinks they are winning on, they are not. USDA is alive and well (less LGBT, instead your tax money is being spent to track and report people in Norway for downloading hentai games), deportations are negligible (especially when you compare those numbers vs. new HB1 visas being handed out) and also how offshoring only accelerated under him, economy is MUCH worse for the average American and getting set for an unprecedented collapse... Barnes is still fully pro-Trump, but frankly when one looks at Trump's actions it very much appears that around the time when he suddenly flopped on Epstein, that was the moment of total sell out of MAGA to the swamp. He actually purged almost all MAGA people from his admin now - he's got Soros shills and warhawks everywhere that matters. permalink parent award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 4 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 I was holding off on this. But my suspicion, based on precedent, is that was going to happen anyway by design. Left holds the baton. Right holds the baton.  Both sides controlled opposition. permalink parent award report block reply Oleander 1 points 4 hours ago That's been the status quo, but something is going to change soon. We are, realistically, one amnesty deal away from permanent Democrat control. When it all goes to shit, people will look for something different, and the only ones promising change to the system are the communists. Dark times ahead. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MoldyLocksNesMonste 1 points 4 hours ago If Trump and GOP don't shape up, Dems are going to take the country back in 2028 I was holding off on this. But my suspicion, based on precedent, is that was going to happen anyway by design. Left holds the baton. Right holds the baton.  Both sides controlled opposition. permalink parent award report block reply Oleander 1 points 4 hours ago That's been the status quo, but something is going to change soon. We are, realistically, one amnesty deal away from permanent Democrat control. When it all goes to shit, people will look for something different, and the only ones promising change to the system are the communists. Dark times ahead. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Oleander 1 points 4 hours ago That's been the status quo, but something is going to change soon. We are, realistically, one amnesty deal away from permanent Democrat control. When it all goes to shit, people will look for something different, and the only ones promising change to the system are the communists. Dark times ahead. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SpeekFreely 8 points 10 hours ago MSNBC Morning Joe is relating Trump to Reagan on this issue, celebrating Trump. Reagan was a Globalist in his latter political years. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 7 points 9 hours ago Reagan was the ultimate cuckservative traitor. permalink parent award report block reply RandyMoss 5 points 7 hours ago Reagan was ALWAYS a globalist. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 4 hours ago Any position that hurts actual Americans will be celebrated by such people. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 7 points 9 hours ago Reagan was the ultimate cuckservative traitor. permalink parent award report block reply
RandyMoss 5 points 7 hours ago Reagan was ALWAYS a globalist. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 4 hours ago Any position that hurts actual Americans will be celebrated by such people. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 4 points 6 hours ago Hard to watch permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 4 points 5 hours ago I think he was saying you need some people who were working overseas to train people in the US as a company is moved into the US from overseas. I love how everyone pounces on everything he says on both sides now with the same Emotional Retardation. permalink award report block reply lizardo221 2 points 2 hours ago You are completely right, and it is painful how dumb "conservatives" are being on this. permalink parent award report block reply
lizardo221 2 points 2 hours ago You are completely right, and it is painful how dumb "conservatives" are being on this. permalink parent award report block reply
VaporJet11 4 points 8 hours ago Selling middle America down the river. permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 4 points 3 hours ago TY for posting the phone numbers. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat OP 1 points 3 hours ago 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
Counterwhat OP 1 points 3 hours ago 👍 permalink parent award report block reply
HostlyMarmless 3 points 9 hours ago Because the person(s) advising him SURELY won't be able to intercept messages from the switchboard. permalink award report block reply
freedom-thinker 2 points 5 hours ago the comment line just hangs up on you permalink award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 1 points 6 hours ago This, re-banning weed, digital ID. None of that is america first. It's rich ass donors first. permalink award report block reply Mitch_WerBell_III 2 points 5 hours ago Weed is garbage.  Cocaine should be legalized instead. permalink parent award report block reply
Mitch_WerBell_III 2 points 5 hours ago Weed is garbage.  Cocaine should be legalized instead. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 0 points 3 hours ago Reddit turds need to take their stupid comments back to the Kamala/Win/KMA site. permalink award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD -1 points 10 hours ago Everyone should call in and express themselves. But keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ permalink award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 14 points 9 hours ago Is it truly MAGA anymore though if we just throw America totally under the bus for this or any other important issue just to keep some facade of unity? This isn't a minor issue, we've told an entire generation of kids that if they just stuck to STEM, they'd have good jobs and stable lives, just to yank it out from under them and call them lazy and entitled. This is of course after telling the ones before them that we're a service economy now, only to kick them in the balls too and hire illegals instead. The entire younger half of the population and growing is increasingly desperate, angry, and hopeless, and with absolutely good reason. This is why it's so easy for the left to lure them with the siren song of communism, because they don't see any other way forward in our defective dying retarded country. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 3 points 9 hours ago I agree. That's why it's a great wedge issue.
But you have to decide whether you're going to let them split MAGA or not. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Then split it. I don't give a fuck. It was build a wall, now it's "Americans aren't talented enough to survive without H1B." Get the fuck out of here. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 1 points 9 hours ago Trump’s logic is simple. His #1 issue is businesses leaving America. Therefore he will do ANYTHING to prevent that, even if it means screwing over Americans. H1B indentured servants? Have at it as long as you stay in America. His #1 goal above EVERYTHING is to bring businesses to America. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 10 points 9 hours ago That's such a short-sighted way of thinking. Without Americans, what is America other than a poorly run dirt patch with too many regulations and taxes. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 9 hours ago Unfortunately, this is the kind of “patriotism” that Boomers like Trump exhibit constantly. Making America stronger while screwing over Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Sounds jewish. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 10 hours ago Send him an email, I’m sure he’s reading some now https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/ permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 3 points 6 hours ago Not that he will be reading them but I did send an email stating my disgust. They must have a metric that says for every email they get a certain number of people also feel this way also with phone calls, etc. Might be worth a few seconds to blast them with your thoughts as meaningless as it seems. permalink parent award report block reply iamherefortheluls 2 points 5 hours ago the reason why it's being pushed is because he promised to stop that shit and instead letting it go. using Israel he promised to reign that one in too with 'no new wars' permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 2 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 14 points 9 hours ago Is it truly MAGA anymore though if we just throw America totally under the bus for this or any other important issue just to keep some facade of unity? This isn't a minor issue, we've told an entire generation of kids that if they just stuck to STEM, they'd have good jobs and stable lives, just to yank it out from under them and call them lazy and entitled. This is of course after telling the ones before them that we're a service economy now, only to kick them in the balls too and hire illegals instead. The entire younger half of the population and growing is increasingly desperate, angry, and hopeless, and with absolutely good reason. This is why it's so easy for the left to lure them with the siren song of communism, because they don't see any other way forward in our defective dying retarded country. permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 3 points 9 hours ago I agree. That's why it's a great wedge issue.
But you have to decide whether you're going to let them split MAGA or not. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Then split it. I don't give a fuck. It was build a wall, now it's "Americans aren't talented enough to survive without H1B." Get the fuck out of here. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 1 points 9 hours ago Trump’s logic is simple. His #1 issue is businesses leaving America. Therefore he will do ANYTHING to prevent that, even if it means screwing over Americans. H1B indentured servants? Have at it as long as you stay in America. His #1 goal above EVERYTHING is to bring businesses to America. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 10 points 9 hours ago That's such a short-sighted way of thinking. Without Americans, what is America other than a poorly run dirt patch with too many regulations and taxes. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 9 hours ago Unfortunately, this is the kind of “patriotism” that Boomers like Trump exhibit constantly. Making America stronger while screwing over Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Sounds jewish. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD 3 points 9 hours ago I agree. That's why it's a great wedge issue.
But you have to decide whether you're going to let them split MAGA or not. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Then split it. I don't give a fuck. It was build a wall, now it's "Americans aren't talented enough to survive without H1B." Get the fuck out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Then split it. I don't give a fuck. It was build a wall, now it's "Americans aren't talented enough to survive without H1B." Get the fuck out of here. permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 1 points 9 hours ago Trump’s logic is simple. His #1 issue is businesses leaving America. Therefore he will do ANYTHING to prevent that, even if it means screwing over Americans. H1B indentured servants? Have at it as long as you stay in America. His #1 goal above EVERYTHING is to bring businesses to America. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 10 points 9 hours ago That's such a short-sighted way of thinking. Without Americans, what is America other than a poorly run dirt patch with too many regulations and taxes. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 9 hours ago Unfortunately, this is the kind of “patriotism” that Boomers like Trump exhibit constantly. Making America stronger while screwing over Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Sounds jewish. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 10 points 9 hours ago That's such a short-sighted way of thinking. Without Americans, what is America other than a poorly run dirt patch with too many regulations and taxes. permalink parent award report block reply aaafirefly123 6 points 9 hours ago Unfortunately, this is the kind of “patriotism” that Boomers like Trump exhibit constantly. Making America stronger while screwing over Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
aaafirefly123 6 points 9 hours ago Unfortunately, this is the kind of “patriotism” that Boomers like Trump exhibit constantly. Making America stronger while screwing over Americans. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SimaYi 4 points 8 hours ago Sounds jewish. permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 3 points 10 hours ago Send him an email, I’m sure he’s reading some now https://www.whitehouse.gov/contact/ permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 3 points 6 hours ago Not that he will be reading them but I did send an email stating my disgust. They must have a metric that says for every email they get a certain number of people also feel this way also with phone calls, etc. Might be worth a few seconds to blast them with your thoughts as meaningless as it seems. permalink parent award report block reply
EmptyNoose 3 points 6 hours ago Not that he will be reading them but I did send an email stating my disgust. They must have a metric that says for every email they get a certain number of people also feel this way also with phone calls, etc. Might be worth a few seconds to blast them with your thoughts as meaningless as it seems. permalink parent award report block reply
iamherefortheluls 2 points 5 hours ago the reason why it's being pushed is because he promised to stop that shit and instead letting it go. using Israel he promised to reign that one in too with 'no new wars' permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 2 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply