591 A British billionaire named Chris Hohn has been secretly funneling hundreds of millions of dollars into radicalizing America

Report shows the goal of his NGO is quote, "Nothing less than the complete radicalization of the US political landscape” posted 4 hours ago by grannylovestrump 36 comments award share report block Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 14h A British billionaire named Chris Hohn has been secretly funneling hundreds of millions of dollars into radicalizing America Report shows the goal of his NGO is quote, "Nothing less than the complete radicalization of the US political landscape” He is also finding our protests
36 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style BallsackPaneer 33 points 3 hours ago This is not a job for Trump, it’s a job for Pete Hegseth. permalink award report block reply Friendly_B 7 points 2 hours ago Another Brit. Every. Single. Time. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 5 points 1 hour ago Nah it's everyberg singlestein timeowitz, brits rarely showed up in these headlines permalink parent award report block reply votedforthe45th 2 points 56 minutes ago Stop noticing ... Every time it some christian billionaire slave subjugating america and groyper cowards deflecting to joooos as if they want their masters to burn this place all down .. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 43 minutes ago Khazarian Mafia, kids. They're organized crime. They impersonate being Jewish but really are Luciferian. Demons on earth. permalink parent award report block reply Nerdrem3 22 points 3 hours ago Sounds like the type of guy that would die mysteriously if our CIA actually worked for us. permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 3 hours ago Those were the days. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 55 minutes ago I wish Nixon was the person they said he was - same for Trump.  It is only now at the end that I understand Pinochet. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 43 minutes ago The CIA works for him. The CIA is just a franchise of MI6 and MI6 after WWII is captured by the Khazarian Mafia or Pseudo-Jewish organized crime. Sounds crazy, but fully documented. permalink parent award report block reply RedCapNation 18 points 3 hours ago DRONE STRIKES permalink award report block reply Drewbedrew 3 points 1 hour ago That's letting the globalists off too easy. They need to be hunted down like the dogs they are. Arrest them, take away all their assets, put them on trial and lock them up in a deep dark cell for the rest of their lives. For once, let them experience the suffering they want to inflict upon the rest of us. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 42 minutes ago No shit we're going to have to do to the UK what Germany tried to do. Unreal. permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 13 points 3 hours ago Then he should be charged with trying to overthrow the government. And all his billions should be confiscated by the Trump Administration due to criminal activity. permalink award report block reply learntocode -5 points 2 hours ago Charged? In court? Like those speed boat enjoyers we have been murdering off the coast of South America? permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 5 points 2 hours ago You mean the Narco terrorists yeah we blew them the fuck out of the water. And it's nothing like that you fucking retard! How is a millionaire fucking trying to subvert the American will anything like Narco Terrace trying to bring Fentanyl and drugs into the country that kills Americans. By you saying this and me reading it I am now Dumber thank you very much you fucking retard. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 1 hour ago A BILLIONAIRE dedicating his wealth to balkanizing America. Versus A speed boat with fentanyl (maybe) off the coast of South America - heading to ... ? One gets a free hand to tear our natiom apart. The other? A death sentence, carried out by our military. It would be trivial to take out these billionaires. Hohn, Hansjorg Wyss, Neville Roy Signham - take them out, solve A LOT of domestic American problems. permalink parent award report block reply 1776er 10 points 3 hours ago One of the goal of European geopolitics from the days of realpolitik has been to balkanize America.  It would be a sad situation if that were to succeed permalink award report block reply BigIglooActual 5 points 3 hours ago "Divide et impera must be the motto of any nation that either hates or fears us" permalink parent award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 9 points 2 hours ago This was a declaration of war.   Treat it as such, else we are already a conquered nation.   Seize his family's assets, give him a military tribunal.  If guilty, hang him publicly for the world to see. permalink award report block reply Antemalagon 7 points 3 hours ago Hohn is basically bin laden, kinetic deletion is in order. permalink award report block reply chahn1138 2 points 2 hours ago Can endorse! permalink parent award report block reply Pissonit 6 points 2 hours ago Good post Granny.....This is straight up treasonous trying to overthrow our government. Hope the spot light shines on this one and exposes this fuckery and all who are in on it... permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 4 points 2 hours ago Yeah that is why I put these here there are lots of people in these rooms who have the power to actually change fate! I hope they see it and are inspired to do so. As  a Christian woman though I know if God wants to bless us he will but if God wants us to learn some hard lessons he can do that too and he is always in charge.  He will take all things bad and turn them for good for those that love him either here or in his heaven. I truly believe that and have seen that many times in my life and other peoples life. Look what happened when Charlie Kirk died. Lots of good things did happen for our nation. Remember Israel in Babylon though as well. That was discipline, because for so long they had been putting their hand in the fire so God steps back and says sure go ahead ignore me but be careful the fire is hot. Sometimes that free will is such a double edge sword Pissonit. Now it may be the gentiles turn to learn that who is too say. This nation has become so without God for so long. I pray just like Jonah and the village God will see our renewed faith and give us one more chance. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 3 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/WallStreetApes/status/1988775148930093313 permalink award report block reply chahn1138 3 points 2 hours ago Radical Transparency might be a good name for what might actually save us. permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 44 minutes ago Sir Christopher Hohn. MBA from Harvard, son of a Jamaican car mechanic and a legal secretary. Hedge fund manager, like Soros, whose pithy wisdom includes noting that "There are good companies and bad companies... and good companies are better." He's Khazarian Mafia, imho. The tie to the CCP to engage in a soft war on the US from within is a KM hallmark. These are the idiots who own the MSM also - "Hallmarks of Russian disinformation" are the kinds of trash takes that are hired to protect criminal concessions. The only hallmarks here are that British billionaires are in bed with organized crime, and that crime includes things like narco and human trafficking, hence the UK/EU REEE that muh human rights of the cartels are being violated by us fighting back for the first time in never. permalink award report block reply doodaddy 2 points 34 minutes ago I think we've learned that billionaires don't spend shit.  This will somehow be our money and he'll be getting a kickback. permalink award report block reply OK_Parmaker 2 points 2 hours ago Trump needs to seize every asset that he can of this billionaire and his NGOs. permalink award report block reply elgordo 1 points 26 minutes ago The NGO's need to go. They barely existed 20 years ago permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 25 minutes ago (((Hohn))) permalink award report block reply ElevenMile 1 points 2 hours ago If  "Russian memes" were a problem, this is a HUGE problem permalink award report block reply learntocode 1 points 2 hours ago We have the airbases. We have the personnel. We have the intel, surveillance, already up and running. Just kill the dude. Him and Hansjorg Wyss and Neville Roy Signham. Just fuckin kill them. We are dropping bombs on Somalia  cattle theives every other week, at considerable expense, and with no direct benefit to Americans. Whereas this motherfucker being gone would at least disrupt his personal "Tear America Into Warring States" operarion. permalink award report block reply MrCuriousGuy513 1 points 2 hours ago I’m shocked.
Shocked, I tell you!!! Foreigners using their money to screw up America. I can’t believe it!!! People need to catch up and start viewing this as a RESOURCE GAME. Meaning, America is blessed with natural resources that most countries do not have easy access to, or they screwed their country over, see China.
Men, fight wars straight up. Not because of honor or integrity but because it’s faster to do. Women fight wars psychologically, it’s slower and  much more manipulative by language and lies, hence the term Frienemies.
Some people wanted Trump to work on domestic problems first but if you got Foreign Frenemies ensuring domestic destruction, can you have a domestic policy really?
We can all agree The Federal Reserve is evil but if you got Frenemies blending in their foreign money/capital with yours without firewall to prevent, how do you stop them from running the table on you? Meaning, until people acknowledge the foreign aspect of how money works, The Fed raising rates just a little bit keeps separating foreign money from domestic money from blending in with our American Society.
You have to start asking the question who funded this mess with cheap money? Expensive money/capital doesn’t fund complicated and elaborate schemes, only cheap money does that.
You still might not believe me but go back to 2008 and ask yourself the real question. How does American’s buying homes, which might be more expensive than some can afford, causing a break down in a system at that time but more expensive homes now haven’t done anything? Was it an American problem or was it a foreign country problem that papered over and blame Americans for? We can’t be guilty to whole world.
I’m just saying, a lot of things need to be questioned again and a lot things are not what they seem to be. permalink award report block reply Briben 1 points 1 hour ago Extradite and prosecute! permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 41 minutes ago Wait wait from the title I'm like what kind of radicalization are you permalink award report block reply 2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 1 hour ago Could a drone or missile easily find this attacker? permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 1 points 54 minutes ago There are so many faggots in the UK, a targeted attack would be difficult. permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
BallsackPaneer 33 points 3 hours ago This is not a job for Trump, it’s a job for Pete Hegseth. permalink award report block reply Friendly_B 7 points 2 hours ago Another Brit. Every. Single. Time. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 5 points 1 hour ago Nah it's everyberg singlestein timeowitz, brits rarely showed up in these headlines permalink parent award report block reply votedforthe45th 2 points 56 minutes ago Stop noticing ... Every time it some christian billionaire slave subjugating america and groyper cowards deflecting to joooos as if they want their masters to burn this place all down .. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 43 minutes ago Khazarian Mafia, kids. They're organized crime. They impersonate being Jewish but really are Luciferian. Demons on earth. permalink parent award report block reply
Friendly_B 7 points 2 hours ago Another Brit. Every. Single. Time. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 5 points 1 hour ago Nah it's everyberg singlestein timeowitz, brits rarely showed up in these headlines permalink parent award report block reply votedforthe45th 2 points 56 minutes ago Stop noticing ... Every time it some christian billionaire slave subjugating america and groyper cowards deflecting to joooos as if they want their masters to burn this place all down .. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 43 minutes ago Khazarian Mafia, kids. They're organized crime. They impersonate being Jewish but really are Luciferian. Demons on earth. permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 5 points 1 hour ago Nah it's everyberg singlestein timeowitz, brits rarely showed up in these headlines permalink parent award report block reply votedforthe45th 2 points 56 minutes ago Stop noticing ... Every time it some christian billionaire slave subjugating america and groyper cowards deflecting to joooos as if they want their masters to burn this place all down .. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 43 minutes ago Khazarian Mafia, kids. They're organized crime. They impersonate being Jewish but really are Luciferian. Demons on earth. permalink parent award report block reply
votedforthe45th 2 points 56 minutes ago Stop noticing ... Every time it some christian billionaire slave subjugating america and groyper cowards deflecting to joooos as if they want their masters to burn this place all down .. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 43 minutes ago Khazarian Mafia, kids. They're organized crime. They impersonate being Jewish but really are Luciferian. Demons on earth. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 43 minutes ago Khazarian Mafia, kids. They're organized crime. They impersonate being Jewish but really are Luciferian. Demons on earth. permalink parent award report block reply
Nerdrem3 22 points 3 hours ago Sounds like the type of guy that would die mysteriously if our CIA actually worked for us. permalink award report block reply Here_we_go 6 points 3 hours ago Those were the days. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 55 minutes ago I wish Nixon was the person they said he was - same for Trump.  It is only now at the end that I understand Pinochet. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 43 minutes ago The CIA works for him. The CIA is just a franchise of MI6 and MI6 after WWII is captured by the Khazarian Mafia or Pseudo-Jewish organized crime. Sounds crazy, but fully documented. permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 6 points 3 hours ago Those were the days. permalink parent award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 55 minutes ago I wish Nixon was the person they said he was - same for Trump.  It is only now at the end that I understand Pinochet. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 3 points 55 minutes ago I wish Nixon was the person they said he was - same for Trump.  It is only now at the end that I understand Pinochet. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 43 minutes ago The CIA works for him. The CIA is just a franchise of MI6 and MI6 after WWII is captured by the Khazarian Mafia or Pseudo-Jewish organized crime. Sounds crazy, but fully documented. permalink parent award report block reply
RedCapNation 18 points 3 hours ago DRONE STRIKES permalink award report block reply Drewbedrew 3 points 1 hour ago That's letting the globalists off too easy. They need to be hunted down like the dogs they are. Arrest them, take away all their assets, put them on trial and lock them up in a deep dark cell for the rest of their lives. For once, let them experience the suffering they want to inflict upon the rest of us. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 42 minutes ago No shit we're going to have to do to the UK what Germany tried to do. Unreal. permalink parent award report block reply
Drewbedrew 3 points 1 hour ago That's letting the globalists off too easy. They need to be hunted down like the dogs they are. Arrest them, take away all their assets, put them on trial and lock them up in a deep dark cell for the rest of their lives. For once, let them experience the suffering they want to inflict upon the rest of us. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 42 minutes ago No shit we're going to have to do to the UK what Germany tried to do. Unreal. permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 13 points 3 hours ago Then he should be charged with trying to overthrow the government. And all his billions should be confiscated by the Trump Administration due to criminal activity. permalink award report block reply learntocode -5 points 2 hours ago Charged? In court? Like those speed boat enjoyers we have been murdering off the coast of South America? permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 5 points 2 hours ago You mean the Narco terrorists yeah we blew them the fuck out of the water. And it's nothing like that you fucking retard! How is a millionaire fucking trying to subvert the American will anything like Narco Terrace trying to bring Fentanyl and drugs into the country that kills Americans. By you saying this and me reading it I am now Dumber thank you very much you fucking retard. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 1 hour ago A BILLIONAIRE dedicating his wealth to balkanizing America. Versus A speed boat with fentanyl (maybe) off the coast of South America - heading to ... ? One gets a free hand to tear our natiom apart. The other? A death sentence, carried out by our military. It would be trivial to take out these billionaires. Hohn, Hansjorg Wyss, Neville Roy Signham - take them out, solve A LOT of domestic American problems. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode -5 points 2 hours ago Charged? In court? Like those speed boat enjoyers we have been murdering off the coast of South America? permalink parent award report block reply JayKay1776 5 points 2 hours ago You mean the Narco terrorists yeah we blew them the fuck out of the water. And it's nothing like that you fucking retard! How is a millionaire fucking trying to subvert the American will anything like Narco Terrace trying to bring Fentanyl and drugs into the country that kills Americans. By you saying this and me reading it I am now Dumber thank you very much you fucking retard. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 1 hour ago A BILLIONAIRE dedicating his wealth to balkanizing America. Versus A speed boat with fentanyl (maybe) off the coast of South America - heading to ... ? One gets a free hand to tear our natiom apart. The other? A death sentence, carried out by our military. It would be trivial to take out these billionaires. Hohn, Hansjorg Wyss, Neville Roy Signham - take them out, solve A LOT of domestic American problems. permalink parent award report block reply
JayKay1776 5 points 2 hours ago You mean the Narco terrorists yeah we blew them the fuck out of the water. And it's nothing like that you fucking retard! How is a millionaire fucking trying to subvert the American will anything like Narco Terrace trying to bring Fentanyl and drugs into the country that kills Americans. By you saying this and me reading it I am now Dumber thank you very much you fucking retard. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 1 hour ago A BILLIONAIRE dedicating his wealth to balkanizing America. Versus A speed boat with fentanyl (maybe) off the coast of South America - heading to ... ? One gets a free hand to tear our natiom apart. The other? A death sentence, carried out by our military. It would be trivial to take out these billionaires. Hohn, Hansjorg Wyss, Neville Roy Signham - take them out, solve A LOT of domestic American problems. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 1 hour ago A BILLIONAIRE dedicating his wealth to balkanizing America. Versus A speed boat with fentanyl (maybe) off the coast of South America - heading to ... ? One gets a free hand to tear our natiom apart. The other? A death sentence, carried out by our military. It would be trivial to take out these billionaires. Hohn, Hansjorg Wyss, Neville Roy Signham - take them out, solve A LOT of domestic American problems. permalink parent award report block reply
1776er 10 points 3 hours ago One of the goal of European geopolitics from the days of realpolitik has been to balkanize America.  It would be a sad situation if that were to succeed permalink award report block reply BigIglooActual 5 points 3 hours ago "Divide et impera must be the motto of any nation that either hates or fears us" permalink parent award report block reply
BigIglooActual 5 points 3 hours ago "Divide et impera must be the motto of any nation that either hates or fears us" permalink parent award report block reply
FerkenBlerkin 9 points 2 hours ago This was a declaration of war.   Treat it as such, else we are already a conquered nation.   Seize his family's assets, give him a military tribunal.  If guilty, hang him publicly for the world to see. permalink award report block reply
Antemalagon 7 points 3 hours ago Hohn is basically bin laden, kinetic deletion is in order. permalink award report block reply chahn1138 2 points 2 hours ago Can endorse! permalink parent award report block reply
chahn1138 2 points 2 hours ago Can endorse! permalink parent award report block reply
Pissonit 6 points 2 hours ago Good post Granny.....This is straight up treasonous trying to overthrow our government. Hope the spot light shines on this one and exposes this fuckery and all who are in on it... permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 4 points 2 hours ago Yeah that is why I put these here there are lots of people in these rooms who have the power to actually change fate! I hope they see it and are inspired to do so. As  a Christian woman though I know if God wants to bless us he will but if God wants us to learn some hard lessons he can do that too and he is always in charge.  He will take all things bad and turn them for good for those that love him either here or in his heaven. I truly believe that and have seen that many times in my life and other peoples life. Look what happened when Charlie Kirk died. Lots of good things did happen for our nation. Remember Israel in Babylon though as well. That was discipline, because for so long they had been putting their hand in the fire so God steps back and says sure go ahead ignore me but be careful the fire is hot. Sometimes that free will is such a double edge sword Pissonit. Now it may be the gentiles turn to learn that who is too say. This nation has become so without God for so long. I pray just like Jonah and the village God will see our renewed faith and give us one more chance. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 4 points 2 hours ago Yeah that is why I put these here there are lots of people in these rooms who have the power to actually change fate! I hope they see it and are inspired to do so. As  a Christian woman though I know if God wants to bless us he will but if God wants us to learn some hard lessons he can do that too and he is always in charge.  He will take all things bad and turn them for good for those that love him either here or in his heaven. I truly believe that and have seen that many times in my life and other peoples life. Look what happened when Charlie Kirk died. Lots of good things did happen for our nation. Remember Israel in Babylon though as well. That was discipline, because for so long they had been putting their hand in the fire so God steps back and says sure go ahead ignore me but be careful the fire is hot. Sometimes that free will is such a double edge sword Pissonit. Now it may be the gentiles turn to learn that who is too say. This nation has become so without God for so long. I pray just like Jonah and the village God will see our renewed faith and give us one more chance. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 3 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/WallStreetApes/status/1988775148930093313 permalink award report block reply
chahn1138 3 points 2 hours ago Radical Transparency might be a good name for what might actually save us. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 44 minutes ago Sir Christopher Hohn. MBA from Harvard, son of a Jamaican car mechanic and a legal secretary. Hedge fund manager, like Soros, whose pithy wisdom includes noting that "There are good companies and bad companies... and good companies are better." He's Khazarian Mafia, imho. The tie to the CCP to engage in a soft war on the US from within is a KM hallmark. These are the idiots who own the MSM also - "Hallmarks of Russian disinformation" are the kinds of trash takes that are hired to protect criminal concessions. The only hallmarks here are that British billionaires are in bed with organized crime, and that crime includes things like narco and human trafficking, hence the UK/EU REEE that muh human rights of the cartels are being violated by us fighting back for the first time in never. permalink award report block reply
doodaddy 2 points 34 minutes ago I think we've learned that billionaires don't spend shit.  This will somehow be our money and he'll be getting a kickback. permalink award report block reply
OK_Parmaker 2 points 2 hours ago Trump needs to seize every asset that he can of this billionaire and his NGOs. permalink award report block reply
elgordo 1 points 26 minutes ago The NGO's need to go. They barely existed 20 years ago permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 25 minutes ago (((Hohn))) permalink award report block reply
ElevenMile 1 points 2 hours ago If  "Russian memes" were a problem, this is a HUGE problem permalink award report block reply
learntocode 1 points 2 hours ago We have the airbases. We have the personnel. We have the intel, surveillance, already up and running. Just kill the dude. Him and Hansjorg Wyss and Neville Roy Signham. Just fuckin kill them. We are dropping bombs on Somalia  cattle theives every other week, at considerable expense, and with no direct benefit to Americans. Whereas this motherfucker being gone would at least disrupt his personal "Tear America Into Warring States" operarion. permalink award report block reply
MrCuriousGuy513 1 points 2 hours ago I’m shocked.
Shocked, I tell you!!! Foreigners using their money to screw up America. I can’t believe it!!! People need to catch up and start viewing this as a RESOURCE GAME. Meaning, America is blessed with natural resources that most countries do not have easy access to, or they screwed their country over, see China.
Men, fight wars straight up. Not because of honor or integrity but because it’s faster to do. Women fight wars psychologically, it’s slower and  much more manipulative by language and lies, hence the term Frienemies.
Some people wanted Trump to work on domestic problems first but if you got Foreign Frenemies ensuring domestic destruction, can you have a domestic policy really?
We can all agree The Federal Reserve is evil but if you got Frenemies blending in their foreign money/capital with yours without firewall to prevent, how do you stop them from running the table on you? Meaning, until people acknowledge the foreign aspect of how money works, The Fed raising rates just a little bit keeps separating foreign money from domestic money from blending in with our American Society.
You have to start asking the question who funded this mess with cheap money? Expensive money/capital doesn’t fund complicated and elaborate schemes, only cheap money does that.
You still might not believe me but go back to 2008 and ask yourself the real question. How does American’s buying homes, which might be more expensive than some can afford, causing a break down in a system at that time but more expensive homes now haven’t done anything? Was it an American problem or was it a foreign country problem that papered over and blame Americans for? We can’t be guilty to whole world.
I’m just saying, a lot of things need to be questioned again and a lot things are not what they seem to be. permalink award report block reply
Briben 1 points 1 hour ago Extradite and prosecute! permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 41 minutes ago Wait wait from the title I'm like what kind of radicalization are you permalink award report block reply
2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 1 hour ago Could a drone or missile easily find this attacker? permalink award report block reply TheRedPike 1 points 54 minutes ago There are so many faggots in the UK, a targeted attack would be difficult. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPike 1 points 54 minutes ago There are so many faggots in the UK, a targeted attack would be difficult. permalink parent award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 0 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply