62 Riddle me this Mr Trump, how many H1B workers will be imported and how many Chinese students will graduate and how many times will you endorse Lindsey Graham before I can pay off my 50 year mortgage while buying $10 a pound ground beef posted 5 hours ago by BidenSniffsLittleKid 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Scipio_Americanus 8 points 5 hours ago You won't be buying $10/lb ground beef.... You'll eat ze bugs and like it! Now that I think of it, a fifty year mortgage isn't far off from just renting ("you'll own nothing and be happy.") Who replaced Trump with Schwab?!? permalink award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 4 points 4 hours ago Mortgage or debt until death is getting a bit accurate permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -1 points 4 hours ago YEP, FUCK TRUMP AM I RIGHT!  We need to get Mamdani or AOC in the White House.  They will fix this! There is a difference between bringing up concerns about the Trump admin and posting like  a fucking Chicom bot. This is a PRO Trump forum not a trauma dump for fucking low IQ MAGA come lately idiots. permalink parent award report block reply Thomm 4 points 4 hours ago they always claim their behavior is fine, yet they've been kicked out times 109 permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 3 points 4 hours ago It's going to be up to we the people.  I'm not sure we have it on us. permalink award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer 1 points 37 minutes ago Wait, wait! Don't tell me, I think I've got this one! Is it the Je-- [Account suspended] permalink award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 8 points 5 hours ago You won't be buying $10/lb ground beef.... You'll eat ze bugs and like it! Now that I think of it, a fifty year mortgage isn't far off from just renting ("you'll own nothing and be happy.") Who replaced Trump with Schwab?!? permalink award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 4 points 4 hours ago Mortgage or debt until death is getting a bit accurate permalink parent award report block reply mojorisen -1 points 4 hours ago YEP, FUCK TRUMP AM I RIGHT!  We need to get Mamdani or AOC in the White House.  They will fix this! There is a difference between bringing up concerns about the Trump admin and posting like  a fucking Chicom bot. This is a PRO Trump forum not a trauma dump for fucking low IQ MAGA come lately idiots. permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 4 points 4 hours ago Mortgage or debt until death is getting a bit accurate permalink parent award report block reply
mojorisen -1 points 4 hours ago YEP, FUCK TRUMP AM I RIGHT!  We need to get Mamdani or AOC in the White House.  They will fix this! There is a difference between bringing up concerns about the Trump admin and posting like  a fucking Chicom bot. This is a PRO Trump forum not a trauma dump for fucking low IQ MAGA come lately idiots. permalink parent award report block reply
Thomm 4 points 4 hours ago they always claim their behavior is fine, yet they've been kicked out times 109 permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 3 points 4 hours ago It's going to be up to we the people.  I'm not sure we have it on us. permalink award report block reply
LiteraIIyHitIer 1 points 37 minutes ago Wait, wait! Don't tell me, I think I've got this one! Is it the Je-- [Account suspended] permalink award report block reply