267 If you're on a jury, it's time to be partisan. Convict Democrats and leftists. Acquit conservatives posted 5 days ago by MasterChief08 24 comments award share report block DC just keeps letting leftists off who attack conservatives. Two sides can play this game. Do not make it known but we need to do the exact same thing. I will not convict a fellow conservative if he takes actions against a leftist. Leftists are not my countrymen. They're demonic entities that celebrated Charlie being murdered, and I'll remember their cheers for the rest of my life. In the future if a conservative or normie goes a little extreme with self defense when surrounded by leftwing protesters, we should all make a promise we're going to nullify the law and get that person acquitted.
24 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save fskfsk 10 points 5 days ago Most of the time, the people who assault patriots don't wind up facing a jury.  The prosecutor lets them plead down or a judge tosses the charges before trial.  Even if you did convict, the conviction can always be overturned later. I heard cases where prosecutors break the rules on purpose, such as failing to give the defense evidence or paperwork, which leads to a default win by the defense and the judge has to toss the prosecution on a technicality.  The prosecution claims "we're incompetent", but you know the paperwork would be filed correctly if the defendant was a normal person claiming self-defense against a criminal. permalink award report block reply corporateshizer 3 points 5 days ago We've all heard an example of the prosecutor and judge getting a case tossed on purpose: https://www.npr.org/2024/07/12/nx-s1-5038096/alec-baldwin-case-dismissed permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 OP 2 points 5 days ago True. Which is why we need to stop electing old school neutral conservative prosecutors in red states. We need to play the exact same game and start electing hyper partisan right wingers. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s only so much prosecutors can do. The math shows black jurors are more likely to acquit their fellow blacks even when they’re guilty as hell. But as a prosecutor, you can’t strike a juror because he’s black because of that fact. You have to find some other reason. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 4 points 5 days ago How would you feel if you didn't have breakfast this morning...? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte -1 points 5 days ago What kind of question is that? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... BrianOfNazareth 7 points 5 days ago I'm still piiiiiissssed that the last time I got called for jury duty, I was wasting my time on a fender-bender case while the next room over they were seating the jury for the corruption trial of a dem mayor. permalink award report block reply Lol_Garrus 3 points 5 days ago "Thou shall not bear false witness." permalink award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 5 days ago Judges don't witness, they decide on whether the accused broke a law. If the law is unconstitutional or the prosecution is applying things unconstitutionally and immorally (such as twisting the case of self defense into something it isn't) then what is your responsibility to God and His people? permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 1 points 5 days ago If someone is on a jury and they convict someone who is innocent or declare someone innocent who is guilty, that person has committed a sin of false witness. God knows the hearts of individuals. He also knows if you are judging someone in good faith or in bad faith. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago Guilty or innocent of what, though... If the law or worse, regulation devised in the dark by unelected tyrants, is unconstitutional then they are not guilty. If the regulations are being badly applied (ie self defense trumped into murder, name calling trumped into imaginary crime of hate speech) or if justice is being denied systematically, then causing someone to be imprisoned for imaginary offenses is immoral, as that would be false witness. It is still quite simple. permalink parent award report block reply AfterGlow 3 points 5 days ago Objectivity is a skill. It doesn't come naturally. It has to be taught. permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 5 days ago The answer to poison is not to add poison. It's to remove the poison. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 5 days ago These judicial communists are the reason I changed my voter affiliation from Republican to Independent. Now I get picked for juries. The key to jury nullification is to stay engaged. A judge can remove a juror that refuses to participate in the jury process. But, if you keep arguing with the rest of the jurors, trying to persuade, in a calm, respectful manner, there's nothing the judge or other jurors can do. At a certain point exhaustion sets in. Then they acquit. Or declare a mis-trial. (based on recent, personal experience.) permalink award report block reply Mcrumples 2 points 5 days ago Need to disband DC. Shouldn't be a separate district or have separate courts just for them. They're part of a state. Make them act like it permalink award report block reply chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago NULLIFICATION permalink award report block reply LBTrumplican2 1 points 5 days ago Luke 6 NIV 27 “But to you who are listening I say: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, 28 bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. 29 If someone slaps you on one cheek, turn to them the other also. If someone takes your coat, do not withhold your shirt from them. 30 Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back. 31 Do to others as you would have them do to you. 32 “If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? Even sinners love those who love them. 33 And if you do good to those who are good to you, what credit is that to you? Even sinners do that. 34 And if you lend to those from whom you expect repayment, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, expecting to be repaid in full. 35 But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be great, and you will be children of the Most High, because he is kind to the ungrateful and wicked. 36 Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful. permalink award report block reply Litecola2 2 points 5 days ago Very nice cut and paste, but what does this have to do with a jury? The jurists weren't personally injured. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago You have to get picked though.  Make sure you try to make it seem like you will let the liberal go free then do the opposite. permalink award report block reply EastTexasMadLad 1 points 5 days ago Way ahead of you there but glad to have you joining… permalink award report block reply SnowSnake 1 points 5 days ago I'm too busy to be entangled with court crap. My secret weapon to get out of jury duty every time:  mention nullification and they'll happily show you the door. Buh-bye. permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 10 points 5 days ago Most of the time, the people who assault patriots don't wind up facing a jury.  The prosecutor lets them plead down or a judge tosses the charges before trial.  Even if you did convict, the conviction can always be overturned later. I heard cases where prosecutors break the rules on purpose, such as failing to give the defense evidence or paperwork, which leads to a default win by the defense and the judge has to toss the prosecution on a technicality.  The prosecution claims "we're incompetent", but you know the paperwork would be filed correctly if the defendant was a normal person claiming self-defense against a criminal. permalink award report block reply corporateshizer 3 points 5 days ago We've all heard an example of the prosecutor and judge getting a case tossed on purpose: https://www.npr.org/2024/07/12/nx-s1-5038096/alec-baldwin-case-dismissed permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 OP 2 points 5 days ago True. Which is why we need to stop electing old school neutral conservative prosecutors in red states. We need to play the exact same game and start electing hyper partisan right wingers. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s only so much prosecutors can do. The math shows black jurors are more likely to acquit their fellow blacks even when they’re guilty as hell. But as a prosecutor, you can’t strike a juror because he’s black because of that fact. You have to find some other reason. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 4 points 5 days ago How would you feel if you didn't have breakfast this morning...? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte -1 points 5 days ago What kind of question is that? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
corporateshizer 3 points 5 days ago We've all heard an example of the prosecutor and judge getting a case tossed on purpose: https://www.npr.org/2024/07/12/nx-s1-5038096/alec-baldwin-case-dismissed permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 OP 2 points 5 days ago True. Which is why we need to stop electing old school neutral conservative prosecutors in red states. We need to play the exact same game and start electing hyper partisan right wingers. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s only so much prosecutors can do. The math shows black jurors are more likely to acquit their fellow blacks even when they’re guilty as hell. But as a prosecutor, you can’t strike a juror because he’s black because of that fact. You have to find some other reason. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 4 points 5 days ago How would you feel if you didn't have breakfast this morning...? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte -1 points 5 days ago What kind of question is that? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s only so much prosecutors can do. The math shows black jurors are more likely to acquit their fellow blacks even when they’re guilty as hell. But as a prosecutor, you can’t strike a juror because he’s black because of that fact. You have to find some other reason. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 4 points 5 days ago How would you feel if you didn't have breakfast this morning...? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte -1 points 5 days ago What kind of question is that? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Litecola2 4 points 5 days ago How would you feel if you didn't have breakfast this morning...? permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte -1 points 5 days ago What kind of question is that? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
henri_derelicte -1 points 5 days ago What kind of question is that? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
BrianOfNazareth 7 points 5 days ago I'm still piiiiiissssed that the last time I got called for jury duty, I was wasting my time on a fender-bender case while the next room over they were seating the jury for the corruption trial of a dem mayor. permalink award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 3 points 5 days ago "Thou shall not bear false witness." permalink award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 5 days ago Judges don't witness, they decide on whether the accused broke a law. If the law is unconstitutional or the prosecution is applying things unconstitutionally and immorally (such as twisting the case of self defense into something it isn't) then what is your responsibility to God and His people? permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 1 points 5 days ago If someone is on a jury and they convict someone who is innocent or declare someone innocent who is guilty, that person has committed a sin of false witness. God knows the hearts of individuals. He also knows if you are judging someone in good faith or in bad faith. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago Guilty or innocent of what, though... If the law or worse, regulation devised in the dark by unelected tyrants, is unconstitutional then they are not guilty. If the regulations are being badly applied (ie self defense trumped into murder, name calling trumped into imaginary crime of hate speech) or if justice is being denied systematically, then causing someone to be imprisoned for imaginary offenses is immoral, as that would be false witness. It is still quite simple. permalink parent award report block reply
Litecola2 1 points 5 days ago Judges don't witness, they decide on whether the accused broke a law. If the law is unconstitutional or the prosecution is applying things unconstitutionally and immorally (such as twisting the case of self defense into something it isn't) then what is your responsibility to God and His people? permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 1 points 5 days ago If someone is on a jury and they convict someone who is innocent or declare someone innocent who is guilty, that person has committed a sin of false witness. God knows the hearts of individuals. He also knows if you are judging someone in good faith or in bad faith. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago Guilty or innocent of what, though... If the law or worse, regulation devised in the dark by unelected tyrants, is unconstitutional then they are not guilty. If the regulations are being badly applied (ie self defense trumped into murder, name calling trumped into imaginary crime of hate speech) or if justice is being denied systematically, then causing someone to be imprisoned for imaginary offenses is immoral, as that would be false witness. It is still quite simple. permalink parent award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 1 points 5 days ago If someone is on a jury and they convict someone who is innocent or declare someone innocent who is guilty, that person has committed a sin of false witness. God knows the hearts of individuals. He also knows if you are judging someone in good faith or in bad faith. permalink parent award report block reply Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago Guilty or innocent of what, though... If the law or worse, regulation devised in the dark by unelected tyrants, is unconstitutional then they are not guilty. If the regulations are being badly applied (ie self defense trumped into murder, name calling trumped into imaginary crime of hate speech) or if justice is being denied systematically, then causing someone to be imprisoned for imaginary offenses is immoral, as that would be false witness. It is still quite simple. permalink parent award report block reply
Litecola2 1 points 1 day ago Guilty or innocent of what, though... If the law or worse, regulation devised in the dark by unelected tyrants, is unconstitutional then they are not guilty. If the regulations are being badly applied (ie self defense trumped into murder, name calling trumped into imaginary crime of hate speech) or if justice is being denied systematically, then causing someone to be imprisoned for imaginary offenses is immoral, as that would be false witness. It is still quite simple. permalink parent award report block reply
AfterGlow 3 points 5 days ago Objectivity is a skill. It doesn't come naturally. It has to be taught. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 3 points 5 days ago The answer to poison is not to add poison. It's to remove the poison. permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 5 days ago These judicial communists are the reason I changed my voter affiliation from Republican to Independent. Now I get picked for juries. The key to jury nullification is to stay engaged. A judge can remove a juror that refuses to participate in the jury process. But, if you keep arguing with the rest of the jurors, trying to persuade, in a calm, respectful manner, there's nothing the judge or other jurors can do. At a certain point exhaustion sets in. Then they acquit. Or declare a mis-trial. (based on recent, personal experience.) permalink award report block reply
Mcrumples 2 points 5 days ago Need to disband DC. Shouldn't be a separate district or have separate courts just for them. They're part of a state. Make them act like it permalink award report block reply
chahn1138 1 points 5 days ago NULLIFICATION permalink award report block reply
LBTrumplican2 1 points 5 days ago Luke 6 NIV 27 “But to you who are listening I say: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, 28 bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. 29 If someone slaps you on one cheek, turn to them the other also. If someone takes your coat, do not withhold your shirt from them. 30 Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back. 31 Do to others as you would have them do to you. 32 “If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? Even sinners love those who love them. 33 And if you do good to those who are good to you, what credit is that to you? Even sinners do that. 34 And if you lend to those from whom you expect repayment, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, expecting to be repaid in full. 35 But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be great, and you will be children of the Most High, because he is kind to the ungrateful and wicked. 36 Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful. permalink award report block reply Litecola2 2 points 5 days ago Very nice cut and paste, but what does this have to do with a jury? The jurists weren't personally injured. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Litecola2 2 points 5 days ago Very nice cut and paste, but what does this have to do with a jury? The jurists weren't personally injured. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago You have to get picked though.  Make sure you try to make it seem like you will let the liberal go free then do the opposite. permalink award report block reply
EastTexasMadLad 1 points 5 days ago Way ahead of you there but glad to have you joining… permalink award report block reply
SnowSnake 1 points 5 days ago I'm too busy to be entangled with court crap. My secret weapon to get out of jury duty every time:  mention nullification and they'll happily show you the door. Buh-bye. permalink award report block reply