1065 Megyn Kelly Drops Bombshell Clip: Charlie Kirk Tells Tucker ‘Go Max’ on Israel and Epstein Files at TPUSA—Confirms Carlson’s ‘Go All the Way’ Claim! (Video) (www.rightjournalism.com) posted 12 hours ago by MAGAHillbilly 191 comments award share report block Megyn Kelly Drops Bombshell Clip: Charlie Kirk Tells Tucker 'Go Max' on Israel and Epstein Files at TPUSA—Confirms Carlson's 'Go... You know, when Megyn Kelly digs into her archives, she doesn’t just find old photos—she uncovers bombshells that shake the www.rightjournalism.com
191 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style MAGAHillbilly OP 146 points 12 hours ago Wow. This is really damning for those who are trying to pretend like Charlie was distancing himself from Tucker. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 125 points 11 hours ago Of course. There's a massive effort to infiltrate and destroy MAGA from within. permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv 100 points 11 hours ago Maga is already a has-been with Trump pushing 50 year mortgages and h1bs. Nick Fuentes is calling him out and rightfully so. Normies getting poorer, all the money still going to the top. Deportations slower than obama. permalink parent award report block reply Duce30 23 points 10 hours ago Yup we wanted arrest and we got jack shit. MAGA is dead, time for the America 1st movement. 0 money for anything outside of the US. No tax dollars spent anywhere other than making America better. permalink parent award report block reply LampshadeDisco 37 points 10 hours ago MAGA isn't dead. MAGA has just surpassed Trump. Still the best prez IMO. He created something that has become greater than him. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments... HKgoneWild 9 points 10 hours ago The Gracchi brothers failed. Sulla up next? permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago How about America Only. With no thought leaders, just principles that cant waffle. Hell at this point id be down for an Israel Last movement. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ThatsDoable 21 points 11 hours ago Its almost like a group of people said "get in line or next time we fire we won't miss" permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 5 hours ago The Golden Pager was a big clue we were fucked. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 0 points 6 hours ago Oh and who would that group be?  Lemme guess... permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 14 points 10 hours ago Don't forget nobody was prosecuted for signing pardons under Biden's name. The list goes on. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 7 points 9 hours ago Deportations slower than obama. Get with it. The 0bongo regime (as well as Uncle Sniffy's) each counted turnbacks as deportations.  A turnback is when the coyote and his minions get spooked and run back to Mexico. The majority of attempts to invade result in failed attempts, i.e., turnbacks. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 5 points 9 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were inflated by including turnaways at the border.  Trump's admin has far less aliens to turn away because the border is closed and attempts to cross it are way down. permalink parent award report block reply load 9 more comments... MakeAmericaGreat9 35 points 11 hours ago You wouldn't fucking think it was trump himself driving hay campaign right now. I mean, 600k China men, h1bs because we're too stupid... 🤣🙄 permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 19 points 10 hours ago It's time for Make America Antisemitic Again permalink parent award report block reply Intrigued5050 5 points 9 hours ago MAAA, sounds too much like a sheep's call permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 5 points 8 hours ago Make America Godly Again permalink parent award report block reply donteatthat 3 points 8 hours ago MAAA THE MEATLOAF permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Just AFIL.
America First, Israel Last. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 7 hours ago antisemitic is such a misnomer, all we have to do is stop promoting jewish interests permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 4 hours ago Same thing lol permalink parent award report block reply Pats5x 8 points 10 hours ago its the usual snakes who can never be trusted permalink parent award report block reply fat50 5 points 9 hours ago Yep. Doomer shills are worse than commie shit bags. And, if we're being honest, they're probably the same people. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Viewer01 55 points 11 hours ago Yep. Now you need to realize why Ben and Levine did what they did on purpose. They are actively either trying to steal this party back to Zionism or they’re going to destroy it. There is no situation wherein a “mean” right wing is allowed to seize power because it spells the end for them. I’ve come to the conclusion they’re all communists. Happy to lie and infiltrate. permalink parent award report block reply sleepinggiant 28 points 10 hours ago Sbapiro was always a never trumper permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago So was olde yeller - Levine. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 10 hours ago They are Israel First. If Trump does something for Israel they are his biggest cheerleaders. If Trump dares focus on anything else, most of all actual MAGA, they are dead silent or full of criticism permalink parent award report block reply Area82 9 points 10 hours ago Levine too,  He pushed the Canadian Cruz long after it was clear that Trump would win. permalink parent award report block reply DrCowboyPresident 21 points 10 hours ago It's just like Europe. The 'respectable conservatives' would rather burn the country to the ground than let nationalists take power. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 5 points 10 hours ago They want to destroy it now. Like kids fighting over a toy and end up breaking it. Unbelievable we have come to this. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Ive been explaining this here for a few months. Its why israel is paying every pundit to push christianity. Israel is confident and comfortable they can manipulate christian conservatives. We lost our sharpness when we traded fun and meme magic for organized religion that is rigid and not self aware. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Consumerbot381732 5 points 9 hours ago PSA: article appears to be AI generated, based on this slop: she doesn’t just find old photos—she uncovers bombshells This isn’t just about a clip; it’s about the courage to speak truth, even when it risks everything permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 7 hours ago Only idiots said he was. The whole thing about the text messages that were leaked were that Kirk didn’t want to be told who could or couldn’t be platformed by tpusa. permalink parent award report block reply MAGARondonmonson 0 points 5 hours ago No its not, he has NO CLUE if there are any Israeli nor Epstein files, all he knows is probably some BS Tucker told him, in THAT PARTICULAR SITIATION, you are merely telling tucker GO ALL THE WAY, but that ASSUMES Tucker is correct, lol. I for 40 years have been called unto prophesy, U can explain the whole book of Revelation in one post, HINT, he would not have said this if Charlie was still alive because he knows this was merely Charlie encouraging him, as in, hey if you got this info, HAVE AT IT, bring it forth. Bur Tucker is trying to make everyone think Charlie was in agreement with his wacky ideas. A juxtaposition to this would be a Bank President meeting with a reporter who tells him he has proof that he has quite a few terrorists working throughout his bank, and he is going to expose them. Then when the President says, great, GO ALL THE WAY, he is not agreeing with him that he employees terrorists, he's merely says, I do not know that, BUT IF YOU DO.........Great, expose it, go all the way, he is not agreeing nor disagreeing with the reporter. You have to e able to see around the corner, I had a 1780 chess rating as a 25 year old before I got bored and stopped playing. It never ceases to amazing why people do not think things through. Tucker is getting as bad as the liberal media. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... -Evspra 73 points 11 hours ago shockingly based sticky, noticer mod permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 33 points 11 hours ago It gives me hope permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 43 points 11 hours ago It is so grossly blatant at this point. Growing up I barely knew what a Jew was. I didn’t give a fuck about Israel.  Why? Because they didn’t start effecting my life until 9/11. Spent ten years in denial but holy shit the early life just glows on these people. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 22 points 10 hours ago Spent ten years in denial Yup, in fact I used to defend Israel being our ally on r/the_donald. I apologize to those I disagreed with, I was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 12 points 9 hours ago I was one of those Israel loving Christians. Then I actually read my Bible permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 8 hours ago You are forgiven anon permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Are you waking up to thw reality Trump sold us out for Israel. Many people here are going to be the ones that can never be convinced they have been fooled. I realize there was no choice with Clinton and Kamala, and at worst we just stayed under control, but i can admit Trump sopd us out. My entire history is in my posts and evolution on thid thought. It was so egregious that now I fully expect a bigger than 9/11 ff in the next few years. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Treefiddydiddy 7 points 11 hours ago refreshing permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 6 points 10 hours ago Taken off sticky already, replaced with unimportant shit like the beyond meat stock price permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 56 points 11 hours ago Candace is right permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 21 points 11 hours ago 🌎 👨‍🚀🔫 permalink parent award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 6 points 7 hours ago She always has been. permalink parent award report block reply TheGeneral 3 points 8 hours ago She doesn't lie. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist -14 points 11 hours ago In the past month Candace has been caught lying on multiple occasions. She's just a scorned woman looking for attention permalink parent award report block reply NeverArgueWithIdiots 16 points 10 hours ago One example please? permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 1 points 10 hours ago Just recently she had an interview with CNN, and she claimed that they agreed to no questions about Charlie, only for them to drop an email exchange in which she agreed to questions about Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 10 hours ago So she brought up the truth about Charlie and you’re claiming she’s lying because she brought it up? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Alabama_Front_Butt 3 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 2 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo -15 points 9 hours ago Candace is retarded.  The fact that anyone upvoted this shows the state of this place. permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 13 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -13 points 9 hours ago This place is under systematic attack and there are lots of useful idiot retards too.  I cannot believe people take Candace seriously.  She has obviously gone batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 7 points 8 hours ago Ad hominem attack Who could be behind this post? permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 7 hours ago Joined 249 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Trumpchoochoo 1 points 6 hours ago If you trash the Joos there is a chunk of this place that will love you. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Executarian2 47 points 11 hours ago It sure would be nice if our president wasn’t an Israel-first shill at this moment. MAGA needs to excise anybody who supports Israel. permalink award report block reply FKH2 19 points 10 hours ago I will not vote for any candidate that publicly supports Israel ever again, I do not care about the political implications permalink parent award report block reply Consumerbot381732 14 points 9 hours ago Even better, don’t support any that accept money from AIPAC. Either way, your options are going to be limited unless there’s an awakening. permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo -2 points 9 hours ago Well nothing is ever going to change from voting permalink parent award report block reply Executarian2 5 points 9 hours ago This party better start bringing in more Thomas Massies and Greenes. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 3 points 7 hours ago Right now would be the perfect time for Patrick Little to come back. IYKYK permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 10 points 11 hours ago If only permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 9 points 11 hours ago See new Big POLL thread by me. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 7 hours ago Maybe he just doesn't want to get shot again, OK? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 3 points 10 hours ago More proof was POTUS writing a letter to the israeli government to have netenyahu pardoned.  Why is it his business? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Lurking_centipede 39 points 11 hours ago As the president continues to guzzle bibi cum. So disappointing that he is so israel first. So much he is neglecting domestic issues and now advocating for bringing in foreign talent because "America doesn't have any." Never trumper neocon zionists have their arm up him like a marionette. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 16 points 11 hours ago yep, massive disappointment but then perhaps he has been told that he , or any member of his family will get the 'Kirk,Jfk' treatment should he deviate from pulling out chairs for these CUNTS permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 10 hours ago Then he is a coward permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 9 points 8 hours ago America, Home of the Cowards, weak willed men. The Israelian Slaves. permalink parent award report block reply Lurking_centipede 9 points 9 hours ago Or perhaps he really is on the side of chabbad and israel. Either way it's sad permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 7 hours ago Treefiddydiddy 2 points 4 hours ago or manhattan sewers.... permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 4 hours ago indeed permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 8 points 7 hours ago The Golden Pager wasn’t a gift, it was a threat. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 7 hours ago Trump ended the war that Netanyahu wanted to continue, your retarded conspiracies don’t even make sense. permalink parent award report block reply Hangemh1gh 32 points 11 hours ago Archived version for your viewing pleasure: https://archive.is/2025.11.12-122033/https://www.rightjournalism.com/megyn-kelly-drops-bombshell-clip-charlie-kirk-tells-tucker-go-max-on-israel-and-epstein-files-at-tpusa-confirms-carlsons-go-all-the-way-claim-video/ permalink award report block reply starjello 28 points 11 hours ago It should be clear by now that Israel is behind the movement to divide MAGA. They did it in 2017 during Trump's first term when mossad worked with the CIA to bring out the Q qsiop. That clearly helped to divide the movement in Trump's first term. Now that they are in the gates they are working on anything and apparently have Trump's ear. Like I said yesterday after that Time magazine cover came out and I was down voted for telling the truth. The cover should have had Trump kneeling down in front of Bibi. permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 7 points 8 hours ago #NeverForget Who was the first world leader to congratulate Biden on his 'win' in 2020? permalink parent award report block reply starjello 8 points 7 hours ago Bibi. And now Trump is kissing the ring. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 21 points 11 hours ago Looking for old photos? Yeah, right. Kelly is a smart cookie and no doubt remembered this conversation verbatim. She felt it was time to let it fly. permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 12 points 11 hours ago Exactly my feelings permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 20 points 11 hours ago so...who thinks it was tyler that fired the shot permalink award report block reply RINOssuck 8 points 11 hours ago Tyler and his entire family. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 13 points 11 hours ago perfect patsy permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 5 points 11 hours ago If were a patsy he would be dead. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 9 hours ago An obvious point all of these conspiracy retards refuse to address. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... PhoneBandit 2 points 11 hours ago His family sure doesn't think he's the shooter. permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 2 points 11 hours ago Then why did they get him to confess? permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 9 points 10 hours ago His parents were called by a friend/officer and told, "they've identified Tyler as the shooter. It would be best if he turned himself in instead of them having to catch him." permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 6 points 10 hours ago We only know they got him to turn himself in before he was killed in the manhunt. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 3 points 10 hours ago He has not confessed and has pled not guilty permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 0 points 11 hours ago Nope, that was a lie too permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 6 points 11 hours ago No one with an ounce of critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 18 points 11 hours ago levin, shapiro , portnoy , etc etc bustin bloodvessels permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 17 points 11 hours ago Thanks for posting this, and thanks to whichever mod stickied it! permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 14 points 11 hours ago A small tidbit but part of the larger mosaic. permalink award report block reply MAGAHillbilly OP 17 points 11 hours ago Charlie was talking about the Epstein/Mossad connection, not about Palestinians in Gaza or agreements with Israel... permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago "The Tuckercaust" continues. permalink award report block reply Roadpower 14 points 10 hours ago Israel has made itself a major problem for our country, this is all coming to a head now as clearly illustrated by people who used to heavily support Israel flipping. Long overdue but I'm thankful the dam is breaking. permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 13 points 10 hours ago Charlie, we will all go max on the Zionists and Epstein files.   If Trump still provides cover for both then he will be left behind as well. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 6 points 10 hours ago Who is “we”?  You have a rat in your pocket?  Trump is the only one in several generations that has created a movement that has any hope of returning America to its founding principles. He will pick a successor and MAGA will grow or MAGA will end. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 7 points 8 hours ago "We" are all the people who will go max on the Zionist and Epstein files.  It is written above you question word for word.  You didn't even need context clues to figure that out. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 7 hours ago Funny you bring up rats and being in people's pockets in this of all threads 😂 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 9 hours ago It was already here. He just became to leader of it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 13 points 10 hours ago Individuals like Shapiro and Levine are worried about the loss of power. They are in so deep they will try to bring anyone down with them. Megyn has been the voice of reason for some time and her support for Tucker shows that. There are powerful people from governments that want to quite any dissent. I am starting to believe evil has taken over everything we see and hear. permalink award report block reply jermzdeejd 9 points 10 hours ago The game is for everyone to disagree so we cant agree on anything. permalink award report block reply BBvarn 8 points 11 hours ago Does this mean Bill Clinton will be charged with raping minor females at fantasy island? permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 8 points 11 hours ago I would like to know what Stu had to say in response. That Glenn Beck crowd and their IFCJ/gambling money is on the side of covering this up permalink award report block reply dtrap 6 points 8 hours ago Means? Check. Motive? Check. Arrests? permalink award report block reply dburt2 4 points 6 hours ago Does that mean that Israel is connected to Epstein and to world wide pedophilia? Why is the U.S. even supporting Israel. Why are we supporting anyone in this world? permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 4 points 8 hours ago Can Ben's yarmulke get any larger btw? He's wearing a dish plate on his head. permalink award report block reply warlord30 4 points 11 hours ago What was Tucker and Megyn talking about before Charlie walked up, and why didn't Megyn feel like that would have been important to include that in the video? permalink award report block reply hansgruber7 -3 points 9 hours ago This is a great question.  Really disappointed in Megyn for pulling this bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply jermzdeejd 4 points 10 hours ago If you are a subscriber to any of these people you should ask for them to go onto Crowders show to discuss this. permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 3 points 8 hours ago Don't hate crowder but he sucks at debates/interviews. He just interrupts and uses gotcha tactics with outdated arguments. He should stick to skits, news commentary, and investigations. Those he can knock out of the park day in and day out. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 3 hours ago sad but true. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 7 hours ago Where are my pro-Israel homies at now? permalink award report block reply hansgruber7 -1 points 7 hours ago Joined 217 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 0 points 5 hours ago Lol. Is that all you got, Hans? I did have an account on here for a few years, RBK2. Then I rage quit for a bit. permalink parent award report block reply gustodog 1 points 1 hour ago Israel is for Israel. The pro-Israel ADL is basically an anti-conservative hate org. And why doesn't anyone ever bring up Ben pushing the Michelle Fields hoax? Daily Wire had a dirty tricks team and how they reputation attack is exactly like how SJW cancel culture faggots do. permalink award report block reply Drdonaldjtrump1776 1 points 9 hours ago What is all this BS with Charlie Kirk? He was killed in front of our eyes, got that, but what is all this "in fighting" and who gives a shit? Why should we care exactly? I'm Genuinely not getting all this, Candace Owens, Tucker, what? Charlie Kirk knew a lot of people, who cares for they were all friends or not? permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 7 points 8 hours ago Watching your friend get killed by state actors blaming a patsy with BS talking points with blood thirsty jews swarming in to claim everything Charlie built would radicalize anybody. Remember in the first 24 hours a foreign head of state made it known twice he was not responsible (weird). Also you had the mossad agent "Ben Shapiro" throw money and talking points at TPUSA trying to claim some sort of leadership over the organization and we find out Charlie denied $150,000,000 from these same people just days before he's killed. World Jewery killed Charlie Kirk and are trying to wear his legacy as a skin suit to regain control over the conservative movement. They have all but given up on the democrat front. This is their last chance to regain control. Fuck them permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 9 hours ago It's a lot of grifters looking to get attention and clicks from his death.  Candace, Tucker, Megyn Kelly.  It's gross and disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -11 points 11 hours ago This is a nothingburger and the article is written in a sensationalist way. permalink award report block reply questionmarks -18 points 11 hours ago there are no Epstein files its a democrat hoax, trump said so and if you think otherwise you don't believe in trump and should leave. permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 5 points 8 hours ago retard permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 7 hours ago Yeet this Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -23 points 11 hours ago A lot of concern trolls hating on Trump on these boards lately.  Seems organized. permalink award report block reply PhoneBandit 37 points 11 hours ago The people complaining about him have been ride or die MAGA with Trump for almost 10 years now. He changed. Not us. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 21 points 11 hours ago Specifically: His Epstard-denial is changing us . The rest is downstream. Trump keeps his promises xor he isn't MAGA . permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 11 points 10 hours ago 100%. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 8 hours ago I prefer Epstard for myself. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Sure. permalink parent award report block reply YOLOSwag_McFartnut 18 points 10 hours ago This isn't the Trump I caucused for in 2016, 2020, and 2024. He's doing stupid shit left and right. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 18 points 10 hours ago Bullshit.  Open your eyes.  There are infiltrating trolls, for sure, as there have always been, but today's Trump doesn't much sound like the one we have been supporting, sometimes at considerable cost in our own lives, for 10 years.  Something fishy is going on, but it has nothing to do with the MAGAs in the trenches. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 10 points 10 hours ago He shouldn't have backed away from Epstein file releases. He shouldn't have said Americans don't have talent and arguing the case for infinity street shitters. He shouldn't be pushing 50 year mortgages. He shouldn't have backed away from arresting traitors day 1. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 7 hours ago Yeet this Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAHillbilly OP 146 points 12 hours ago Wow. This is really damning for those who are trying to pretend like Charlie was distancing himself from Tucker. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 125 points 11 hours ago Of course. There's a massive effort to infiltrate and destroy MAGA from within. permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv 100 points 11 hours ago Maga is already a has-been with Trump pushing 50 year mortgages and h1bs. Nick Fuentes is calling him out and rightfully so. Normies getting poorer, all the money still going to the top. Deportations slower than obama. permalink parent award report block reply Duce30 23 points 10 hours ago Yup we wanted arrest and we got jack shit. MAGA is dead, time for the America 1st movement. 0 money for anything outside of the US. No tax dollars spent anywhere other than making America better. permalink parent award report block reply LampshadeDisco 37 points 10 hours ago MAGA isn't dead. MAGA has just surpassed Trump. Still the best prez IMO. He created something that has become greater than him. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments... HKgoneWild 9 points 10 hours ago The Gracchi brothers failed. Sulla up next? permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago How about America Only. With no thought leaders, just principles that cant waffle. Hell at this point id be down for an Israel Last movement. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ThatsDoable 21 points 11 hours ago Its almost like a group of people said "get in line or next time we fire we won't miss" permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 5 hours ago The Golden Pager was a big clue we were fucked. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 0 points 6 hours ago Oh and who would that group be?  Lemme guess... permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 14 points 10 hours ago Don't forget nobody was prosecuted for signing pardons under Biden's name. The list goes on. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 7 points 9 hours ago Deportations slower than obama. Get with it. The 0bongo regime (as well as Uncle Sniffy's) each counted turnbacks as deportations.  A turnback is when the coyote and his minions get spooked and run back to Mexico. The majority of attempts to invade result in failed attempts, i.e., turnbacks. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 5 points 9 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were inflated by including turnaways at the border.  Trump's admin has far less aliens to turn away because the border is closed and attempts to cross it are way down. permalink parent award report block reply load 9 more comments... MakeAmericaGreat9 35 points 11 hours ago You wouldn't fucking think it was trump himself driving hay campaign right now. I mean, 600k China men, h1bs because we're too stupid... 🤣🙄 permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 19 points 10 hours ago It's time for Make America Antisemitic Again permalink parent award report block reply Intrigued5050 5 points 9 hours ago MAAA, sounds too much like a sheep's call permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 5 points 8 hours ago Make America Godly Again permalink parent award report block reply donteatthat 3 points 8 hours ago MAAA THE MEATLOAF permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Just AFIL.
America First, Israel Last. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 7 hours ago antisemitic is such a misnomer, all we have to do is stop promoting jewish interests permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 4 hours ago Same thing lol permalink parent award report block reply Pats5x 8 points 10 hours ago its the usual snakes who can never be trusted permalink parent award report block reply fat50 5 points 9 hours ago Yep. Doomer shills are worse than commie shit bags. And, if we're being honest, they're probably the same people. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... Viewer01 55 points 11 hours ago Yep. Now you need to realize why Ben and Levine did what they did on purpose. They are actively either trying to steal this party back to Zionism or they’re going to destroy it. There is no situation wherein a “mean” right wing is allowed to seize power because it spells the end for them. I’ve come to the conclusion they’re all communists. Happy to lie and infiltrate. permalink parent award report block reply sleepinggiant 28 points 10 hours ago Sbapiro was always a never trumper permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago So was olde yeller - Levine. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 10 hours ago They are Israel First. If Trump does something for Israel they are his biggest cheerleaders. If Trump dares focus on anything else, most of all actual MAGA, they are dead silent or full of criticism permalink parent award report block reply Area82 9 points 10 hours ago Levine too,  He pushed the Canadian Cruz long after it was clear that Trump would win. permalink parent award report block reply DrCowboyPresident 21 points 10 hours ago It's just like Europe. The 'respectable conservatives' would rather burn the country to the ground than let nationalists take power. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 5 points 10 hours ago They want to destroy it now. Like kids fighting over a toy and end up breaking it. Unbelievable we have come to this. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Ive been explaining this here for a few months. Its why israel is paying every pundit to push christianity. Israel is confident and comfortable they can manipulate christian conservatives. We lost our sharpness when we traded fun and meme magic for organized religion that is rigid and not self aware. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Consumerbot381732 5 points 9 hours ago PSA: article appears to be AI generated, based on this slop: she doesn’t just find old photos—she uncovers bombshells This isn’t just about a clip; it’s about the courage to speak truth, even when it risks everything permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 7 hours ago Only idiots said he was. The whole thing about the text messages that were leaked were that Kirk didn’t want to be told who could or couldn’t be platformed by tpusa. permalink parent award report block reply MAGARondonmonson 0 points 5 hours ago No its not, he has NO CLUE if there are any Israeli nor Epstein files, all he knows is probably some BS Tucker told him, in THAT PARTICULAR SITIATION, you are merely telling tucker GO ALL THE WAY, but that ASSUMES Tucker is correct, lol. I for 40 years have been called unto prophesy, U can explain the whole book of Revelation in one post, HINT, he would not have said this if Charlie was still alive because he knows this was merely Charlie encouraging him, as in, hey if you got this info, HAVE AT IT, bring it forth. Bur Tucker is trying to make everyone think Charlie was in agreement with his wacky ideas. A juxtaposition to this would be a Bank President meeting with a reporter who tells him he has proof that he has quite a few terrorists working throughout his bank, and he is going to expose them. Then when the President says, great, GO ALL THE WAY, he is not agreeing with him that he employees terrorists, he's merely says, I do not know that, BUT IF YOU DO.........Great, expose it, go all the way, he is not agreeing nor disagreeing with the reporter. You have to e able to see around the corner, I had a 1780 chess rating as a 25 year old before I got bored and stopped playing. It never ceases to amazing why people do not think things through. Tucker is getting as bad as the liberal media. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Scumbag-reddit 125 points 11 hours ago Of course. There's a massive effort to infiltrate and destroy MAGA from within. permalink parent award report block reply ShadowInv 100 points 11 hours ago Maga is already a has-been with Trump pushing 50 year mortgages and h1bs. Nick Fuentes is calling him out and rightfully so. Normies getting poorer, all the money still going to the top. Deportations slower than obama. permalink parent award report block reply Duce30 23 points 10 hours ago Yup we wanted arrest and we got jack shit. MAGA is dead, time for the America 1st movement. 0 money for anything outside of the US. No tax dollars spent anywhere other than making America better. permalink parent award report block reply LampshadeDisco 37 points 10 hours ago MAGA isn't dead. MAGA has just surpassed Trump. Still the best prez IMO. He created something that has become greater than him. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments... HKgoneWild 9 points 10 hours ago The Gracchi brothers failed. Sulla up next? permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago How about America Only. With no thought leaders, just principles that cant waffle. Hell at this point id be down for an Israel Last movement. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ThatsDoable 21 points 11 hours ago Its almost like a group of people said "get in line or next time we fire we won't miss" permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 5 hours ago The Golden Pager was a big clue we were fucked. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 0 points 6 hours ago Oh and who would that group be?  Lemme guess... permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 14 points 10 hours ago Don't forget nobody was prosecuted for signing pardons under Biden's name. The list goes on. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 7 points 9 hours ago Deportations slower than obama. Get with it. The 0bongo regime (as well as Uncle Sniffy's) each counted turnbacks as deportations.  A turnback is when the coyote and his minions get spooked and run back to Mexico. The majority of attempts to invade result in failed attempts, i.e., turnbacks. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 5 points 9 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were inflated by including turnaways at the border.  Trump's admin has far less aliens to turn away because the border is closed and attempts to cross it are way down. permalink parent award report block reply load 9 more comments... MakeAmericaGreat9 35 points 11 hours ago You wouldn't fucking think it was trump himself driving hay campaign right now. I mean, 600k China men, h1bs because we're too stupid... 🤣🙄 permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 19 points 10 hours ago It's time for Make America Antisemitic Again permalink parent award report block reply Intrigued5050 5 points 9 hours ago MAAA, sounds too much like a sheep's call permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 5 points 8 hours ago Make America Godly Again permalink parent award report block reply donteatthat 3 points 8 hours ago MAAA THE MEATLOAF permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Just AFIL.
America First, Israel Last. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 7 hours ago antisemitic is such a misnomer, all we have to do is stop promoting jewish interests permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 4 hours ago Same thing lol permalink parent award report block reply Pats5x 8 points 10 hours ago its the usual snakes who can never be trusted permalink parent award report block reply fat50 5 points 9 hours ago Yep. Doomer shills are worse than commie shit bags. And, if we're being honest, they're probably the same people. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
ShadowInv 100 points 11 hours ago Maga is already a has-been with Trump pushing 50 year mortgages and h1bs. Nick Fuentes is calling him out and rightfully so. Normies getting poorer, all the money still going to the top. Deportations slower than obama. permalink parent award report block reply Duce30 23 points 10 hours ago Yup we wanted arrest and we got jack shit. MAGA is dead, time for the America 1st movement. 0 money for anything outside of the US. No tax dollars spent anywhere other than making America better. permalink parent award report block reply LampshadeDisco 37 points 10 hours ago MAGA isn't dead. MAGA has just surpassed Trump. Still the best prez IMO. He created something that has become greater than him. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments... HKgoneWild 9 points 10 hours ago The Gracchi brothers failed. Sulla up next? permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago How about America Only. With no thought leaders, just principles that cant waffle. Hell at this point id be down for an Israel Last movement. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ThatsDoable 21 points 11 hours ago Its almost like a group of people said "get in line or next time we fire we won't miss" permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 5 hours ago The Golden Pager was a big clue we were fucked. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 0 points 6 hours ago Oh and who would that group be?  Lemme guess... permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 14 points 10 hours ago Don't forget nobody was prosecuted for signing pardons under Biden's name. The list goes on. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 7 points 9 hours ago Deportations slower than obama. Get with it. The 0bongo regime (as well as Uncle Sniffy's) each counted turnbacks as deportations.  A turnback is when the coyote and his minions get spooked and run back to Mexico. The majority of attempts to invade result in failed attempts, i.e., turnbacks. permalink parent award report block reply Build_Back_Bankrupt 5 points 9 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were inflated by including turnaways at the border.  Trump's admin has far less aliens to turn away because the border is closed and attempts to cross it are way down. permalink parent award report block reply load 9 more comments...
Duce30 23 points 10 hours ago Yup we wanted arrest and we got jack shit. MAGA is dead, time for the America 1st movement. 0 money for anything outside of the US. No tax dollars spent anywhere other than making America better. permalink parent award report block reply LampshadeDisco 37 points 10 hours ago MAGA isn't dead. MAGA has just surpassed Trump. Still the best prez IMO. He created something that has become greater than him. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments... HKgoneWild 9 points 10 hours ago The Gracchi brothers failed. Sulla up next? permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago How about America Only. With no thought leaders, just principles that cant waffle. Hell at this point id be down for an Israel Last movement. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LampshadeDisco 37 points 10 hours ago MAGA isn't dead. MAGA has just surpassed Trump. Still the best prez IMO. He created something that has become greater than him. permalink parent award report block reply view 12 more comments...
HKgoneWild 9 points 10 hours ago The Gracchi brothers failed. Sulla up next? permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 hours ago How about America Only. With no thought leaders, just principles that cant waffle. Hell at this point id be down for an Israel Last movement. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ThatsDoable 21 points 11 hours ago Its almost like a group of people said "get in line or next time we fire we won't miss" permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 5 hours ago The Golden Pager was a big clue we were fucked. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 0 points 6 hours ago Oh and who would that group be?  Lemme guess... permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 5 hours ago The Golden Pager was a big clue we were fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpchoochoo 0 points 6 hours ago Oh and who would that group be?  Lemme guess... permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 14 points 10 hours ago Don't forget nobody was prosecuted for signing pardons under Biden's name. The list goes on. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 7 points 9 hours ago Deportations slower than obama. Get with it. The 0bongo regime (as well as Uncle Sniffy's) each counted turnbacks as deportations.  A turnback is when the coyote and his minions get spooked and run back to Mexico. The majority of attempts to invade result in failed attempts, i.e., turnbacks. permalink parent award report block reply
Build_Back_Bankrupt 5 points 9 hours ago Obama's deportation numbers were inflated by including turnaways at the border.  Trump's admin has far less aliens to turn away because the border is closed and attempts to cross it are way down. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 35 points 11 hours ago You wouldn't fucking think it was trump himself driving hay campaign right now. I mean, 600k China men, h1bs because we're too stupid... 🤣🙄 permalink parent award report block reply
hilboggins 19 points 10 hours ago It's time for Make America Antisemitic Again permalink parent award report block reply Intrigued5050 5 points 9 hours ago MAAA, sounds too much like a sheep's call permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 5 points 8 hours ago Make America Godly Again permalink parent award report block reply donteatthat 3 points 8 hours ago MAAA THE MEATLOAF permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Just AFIL.
America First, Israel Last. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 3 points 7 hours ago antisemitic is such a misnomer, all we have to do is stop promoting jewish interests permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 4 hours ago Same thing lol permalink parent award report block reply
Intrigued5050 5 points 9 hours ago MAAA, sounds too much like a sheep's call permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 5 points 8 hours ago Make America Godly Again permalink parent award report block reply donteatthat 3 points 8 hours ago MAAA THE MEATLOAF permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Just AFIL.
America First, Israel Last. permalink parent award report block reply
IForgotToAddAnEmail 5 points 8 hours ago Make America Godly Again permalink parent award report block reply
donteatthat 3 points 8 hours ago MAAA THE MEATLOAF permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Just AFIL.
mohel 3 points 7 hours ago antisemitic is such a misnomer, all we have to do is stop promoting jewish interests permalink parent award report block reply hilboggins 1 points 4 hours ago Same thing lol permalink parent award report block reply
hilboggins 1 points 4 hours ago Same thing lol permalink parent award report block reply
Pats5x 8 points 10 hours ago its the usual snakes who can never be trusted permalink parent award report block reply
fat50 5 points 9 hours ago Yep. Doomer shills are worse than commie shit bags. And, if we're being honest, they're probably the same people. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 55 points 11 hours ago Yep. Now you need to realize why Ben and Levine did what they did on purpose. They are actively either trying to steal this party back to Zionism or they’re going to destroy it. There is no situation wherein a “mean” right wing is allowed to seize power because it spells the end for them. I’ve come to the conclusion they’re all communists. Happy to lie and infiltrate. permalink parent award report block reply sleepinggiant 28 points 10 hours ago Sbapiro was always a never trumper permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago So was olde yeller - Levine. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 10 hours ago They are Israel First. If Trump does something for Israel they are his biggest cheerleaders. If Trump dares focus on anything else, most of all actual MAGA, they are dead silent or full of criticism permalink parent award report block reply Area82 9 points 10 hours ago Levine too,  He pushed the Canadian Cruz long after it was clear that Trump would win. permalink parent award report block reply DrCowboyPresident 21 points 10 hours ago It's just like Europe. The 'respectable conservatives' would rather burn the country to the ground than let nationalists take power. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 5 points 10 hours ago They want to destroy it now. Like kids fighting over a toy and end up breaking it. Unbelievable we have come to this. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Ive been explaining this here for a few months. Its why israel is paying every pundit to push christianity. Israel is confident and comfortable they can manipulate christian conservatives. We lost our sharpness when we traded fun and meme magic for organized religion that is rigid and not self aware. permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
sleepinggiant 28 points 10 hours ago Sbapiro was always a never trumper permalink parent award report block reply rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago So was olde yeller - Levine. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 10 hours ago They are Israel First. If Trump does something for Israel they are his biggest cheerleaders. If Trump dares focus on anything else, most of all actual MAGA, they are dead silent or full of criticism permalink parent award report block reply Area82 9 points 10 hours ago Levine too,  He pushed the Canadian Cruz long after it was clear that Trump would win. permalink parent award report block reply
rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago So was olde yeller - Levine. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 12 points 10 hours ago They are Israel First. If Trump does something for Israel they are his biggest cheerleaders. If Trump dares focus on anything else, most of all actual MAGA, they are dead silent or full of criticism permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 12 points 10 hours ago They are Israel First. If Trump does something for Israel they are his biggest cheerleaders. If Trump dares focus on anything else, most of all actual MAGA, they are dead silent or full of criticism permalink parent award report block reply
Area82 9 points 10 hours ago Levine too,  He pushed the Canadian Cruz long after it was clear that Trump would win. permalink parent award report block reply
DrCowboyPresident 21 points 10 hours ago It's just like Europe. The 'respectable conservatives' would rather burn the country to the ground than let nationalists take power. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 5 points 10 hours ago They want to destroy it now. Like kids fighting over a toy and end up breaking it. Unbelievable we have come to this. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Ive been explaining this here for a few months. Its why israel is paying every pundit to push christianity. Israel is confident and comfortable they can manipulate christian conservatives. We lost our sharpness when we traded fun and meme magic for organized religion that is rigid and not self aware. permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 0 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Consumerbot381732 5 points 9 hours ago PSA: article appears to be AI generated, based on this slop: she doesn’t just find old photos—she uncovers bombshells This isn’t just about a clip; it’s about the courage to speak truth, even when it risks everything permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 7 hours ago Only idiots said he was. The whole thing about the text messages that were leaked were that Kirk didn’t want to be told who could or couldn’t be platformed by tpusa. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGARondonmonson 0 points 5 hours ago No its not, he has NO CLUE if there are any Israeli nor Epstein files, all he knows is probably some BS Tucker told him, in THAT PARTICULAR SITIATION, you are merely telling tucker GO ALL THE WAY, but that ASSUMES Tucker is correct, lol. I for 40 years have been called unto prophesy, U can explain the whole book of Revelation in one post, HINT, he would not have said this if Charlie was still alive because he knows this was merely Charlie encouraging him, as in, hey if you got this info, HAVE AT IT, bring it forth. Bur Tucker is trying to make everyone think Charlie was in agreement with his wacky ideas. A juxtaposition to this would be a Bank President meeting with a reporter who tells him he has proof that he has quite a few terrorists working throughout his bank, and he is going to expose them. Then when the President says, great, GO ALL THE WAY, he is not agreeing with him that he employees terrorists, he's merely says, I do not know that, BUT IF YOU DO.........Great, expose it, go all the way, he is not agreeing nor disagreeing with the reporter. You have to e able to see around the corner, I had a 1780 chess rating as a 25 year old before I got bored and stopped playing. It never ceases to amazing why people do not think things through. Tucker is getting as bad as the liberal media. permalink parent award report block reply
-Evspra 73 points 11 hours ago shockingly based sticky, noticer mod permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 33 points 11 hours ago It gives me hope permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 43 points 11 hours ago It is so grossly blatant at this point. Growing up I barely knew what a Jew was. I didn’t give a fuck about Israel.  Why? Because they didn’t start effecting my life until 9/11. Spent ten years in denial but holy shit the early life just glows on these people. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 22 points 10 hours ago Spent ten years in denial Yup, in fact I used to defend Israel being our ally on r/the_donald. I apologize to those I disagreed with, I was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 12 points 9 hours ago I was one of those Israel loving Christians. Then I actually read my Bible permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 8 hours ago You are forgiven anon permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Are you waking up to thw reality Trump sold us out for Israel. Many people here are going to be the ones that can never be convinced they have been fooled. I realize there was no choice with Clinton and Kamala, and at worst we just stayed under control, but i can admit Trump sopd us out. My entire history is in my posts and evolution on thid thought. It was so egregious that now I fully expect a bigger than 9/11 ff in the next few years. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Treefiddydiddy 7 points 11 hours ago refreshing permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 6 points 10 hours ago Taken off sticky already, replaced with unimportant shit like the beyond meat stock price permalink parent award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 33 points 11 hours ago It gives me hope permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 43 points 11 hours ago It is so grossly blatant at this point. Growing up I barely knew what a Jew was. I didn’t give a fuck about Israel.  Why? Because they didn’t start effecting my life until 9/11. Spent ten years in denial but holy shit the early life just glows on these people. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 22 points 10 hours ago Spent ten years in denial Yup, in fact I used to defend Israel being our ally on r/the_donald. I apologize to those I disagreed with, I was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 12 points 9 hours ago I was one of those Israel loving Christians. Then I actually read my Bible permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 8 hours ago You are forgiven anon permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Are you waking up to thw reality Trump sold us out for Israel. Many people here are going to be the ones that can never be convinced they have been fooled. I realize there was no choice with Clinton and Kamala, and at worst we just stayed under control, but i can admit Trump sopd us out. My entire history is in my posts and evolution on thid thought. It was so egregious that now I fully expect a bigger than 9/11 ff in the next few years. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Viewer01 43 points 11 hours ago It is so grossly blatant at this point. Growing up I barely knew what a Jew was. I didn’t give a fuck about Israel.  Why? Because they didn’t start effecting my life until 9/11. Spent ten years in denial but holy shit the early life just glows on these people. permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 22 points 10 hours ago Spent ten years in denial Yup, in fact I used to defend Israel being our ally on r/the_donald. I apologize to those I disagreed with, I was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 12 points 9 hours ago I was one of those Israel loving Christians. Then I actually read my Bible permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 8 hours ago You are forgiven anon permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Are you waking up to thw reality Trump sold us out for Israel. Many people here are going to be the ones that can never be convinced they have been fooled. I realize there was no choice with Clinton and Kamala, and at worst we just stayed under control, but i can admit Trump sopd us out. My entire history is in my posts and evolution on thid thought. It was so egregious that now I fully expect a bigger than 9/11 ff in the next few years. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
YouEssAye 22 points 10 hours ago Spent ten years in denial Yup, in fact I used to defend Israel being our ally on r/the_donald. I apologize to those I disagreed with, I was wrong. permalink parent award report block reply Parhelion12 12 points 9 hours ago I was one of those Israel loving Christians. Then I actually read my Bible permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 8 hours ago You are forgiven anon permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Are you waking up to thw reality Trump sold us out for Israel. Many people here are going to be the ones that can never be convinced they have been fooled. I realize there was no choice with Clinton and Kamala, and at worst we just stayed under control, but i can admit Trump sopd us out. My entire history is in my posts and evolution on thid thought. It was so egregious that now I fully expect a bigger than 9/11 ff in the next few years. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Parhelion12 12 points 9 hours ago I was one of those Israel loving Christians. Then I actually read my Bible permalink parent award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 6 points 8 hours ago You are forgiven anon permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
AppalachianTactical 1 points 3 hours ago Are you waking up to thw reality Trump sold us out for Israel. Many people here are going to be the ones that can never be convinced they have been fooled. I realize there was no choice with Clinton and Kamala, and at worst we just stayed under control, but i can admit Trump sopd us out. My entire history is in my posts and evolution on thid thought. It was so egregious that now I fully expect a bigger than 9/11 ff in the next few years. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Treefiddydiddy 7 points 11 hours ago refreshing permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 6 points 10 hours ago Taken off sticky already, replaced with unimportant shit like the beyond meat stock price permalink parent award report block reply
LolOkFBI 56 points 11 hours ago Candace is right permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 21 points 11 hours ago 🌎 👨‍🚀🔫 permalink parent award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 6 points 7 hours ago She always has been. permalink parent award report block reply TheGeneral 3 points 8 hours ago She doesn't lie. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist -14 points 11 hours ago In the past month Candace has been caught lying on multiple occasions. She's just a scorned woman looking for attention permalink parent award report block reply NeverArgueWithIdiots 16 points 10 hours ago One example please? permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 1 points 10 hours ago Just recently she had an interview with CNN, and she claimed that they agreed to no questions about Charlie, only for them to drop an email exchange in which she agreed to questions about Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 10 hours ago So she brought up the truth about Charlie and you’re claiming she’s lying because she brought it up? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Alabama_Front_Butt 3 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 2 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Trumpchoochoo -15 points 9 hours ago Candace is retarded.  The fact that anyone upvoted this shows the state of this place. permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 13 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -13 points 9 hours ago This place is under systematic attack and there are lots of useful idiot retards too.  I cannot believe people take Candace seriously.  She has obviously gone batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 7 points 8 hours ago Ad hominem attack Who could be behind this post? permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 7 hours ago Joined 249 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Trumpchoochoo 1 points 6 hours ago If you trash the Joos there is a chunk of this place that will love you. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Givesgunstogrannies 21 points 11 hours ago 🌎 👨‍🚀🔫 permalink parent award report block reply
NY2KCMO1776 6 points 7 hours ago She always has been. permalink parent award report block reply
TheGeneral 3 points 8 hours ago She doesn't lie. permalink parent award report block reply
StoneRealist -14 points 11 hours ago In the past month Candace has been caught lying on multiple occasions. She's just a scorned woman looking for attention permalink parent award report block reply NeverArgueWithIdiots 16 points 10 hours ago One example please? permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 1 points 10 hours ago Just recently she had an interview with CNN, and she claimed that they agreed to no questions about Charlie, only for them to drop an email exchange in which she agreed to questions about Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 10 hours ago So she brought up the truth about Charlie and you’re claiming she’s lying because she brought it up? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Alabama_Front_Butt 3 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 2 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
NeverArgueWithIdiots 16 points 10 hours ago One example please? permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 1 points 10 hours ago Just recently she had an interview with CNN, and she claimed that they agreed to no questions about Charlie, only for them to drop an email exchange in which she agreed to questions about Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 10 hours ago So she brought up the truth about Charlie and you’re claiming she’s lying because she brought it up? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
StoneRealist 1 points 10 hours ago Just recently she had an interview with CNN, and she claimed that they agreed to no questions about Charlie, only for them to drop an email exchange in which she agreed to questions about Charlie. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 10 hours ago So she brought up the truth about Charlie and you’re claiming she’s lying because she brought it up? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
covok48 4 points 10 hours ago So she brought up the truth about Charlie and you’re claiming she’s lying because she brought it up? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Alabama_Front_Butt 3 points 10 hours ago LOL permalink parent award report block reply
LolOkFBI 2 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpchoochoo -15 points 9 hours ago Candace is retarded.  The fact that anyone upvoted this shows the state of this place. permalink parent award report block reply LolOkFBI 13 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -13 points 9 hours ago This place is under systematic attack and there are lots of useful idiot retards too.  I cannot believe people take Candace seriously.  She has obviously gone batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 7 points 8 hours ago Ad hominem attack Who could be behind this post? permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 7 hours ago Joined 249 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Trumpchoochoo 1 points 6 hours ago If you trash the Joos there is a chunk of this place that will love you. permalink parent award report block reply
LolOkFBI 13 points 9 hours ago k permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -13 points 9 hours ago This place is under systematic attack and there are lots of useful idiot retards too.  I cannot believe people take Candace seriously.  She has obviously gone batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 7 points 8 hours ago Ad hominem attack Who could be behind this post? permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 7 hours ago Joined 249 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Trumpchoochoo 1 points 6 hours ago If you trash the Joos there is a chunk of this place that will love you. permalink parent award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 7 points 8 hours ago Ad hominem attack Who could be behind this post? permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 7 hours ago Joined 249 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
hansgruber7 -5 points 7 hours ago Joined 249 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Trumpchoochoo 1 points 6 hours ago If you trash the Joos there is a chunk of this place that will love you. permalink parent award report block reply
Executarian2 47 points 11 hours ago It sure would be nice if our president wasn’t an Israel-first shill at this moment. MAGA needs to excise anybody who supports Israel. permalink award report block reply FKH2 19 points 10 hours ago I will not vote for any candidate that publicly supports Israel ever again, I do not care about the political implications permalink parent award report block reply Consumerbot381732 14 points 9 hours ago Even better, don’t support any that accept money from AIPAC. Either way, your options are going to be limited unless there’s an awakening. permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo -2 points 9 hours ago Well nothing is ever going to change from voting permalink parent award report block reply Executarian2 5 points 9 hours ago This party better start bringing in more Thomas Massies and Greenes. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 3 points 7 hours ago Right now would be the perfect time for Patrick Little to come back. IYKYK permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 10 points 11 hours ago If only permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 9 points 11 hours ago See new Big POLL thread by me. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 7 hours ago Maybe he just doesn't want to get shot again, OK? permalink parent award report block reply Psalm-118_24 3 points 10 hours ago More proof was POTUS writing a letter to the israeli government to have netenyahu pardoned.  Why is it his business? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
FKH2 19 points 10 hours ago I will not vote for any candidate that publicly supports Israel ever again, I do not care about the political implications permalink parent award report block reply Consumerbot381732 14 points 9 hours ago Even better, don’t support any that accept money from AIPAC. Either way, your options are going to be limited unless there’s an awakening. permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo -2 points 9 hours ago Well nothing is ever going to change from voting permalink parent award report block reply Executarian2 5 points 9 hours ago This party better start bringing in more Thomas Massies and Greenes. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 3 points 7 hours ago Right now would be the perfect time for Patrick Little to come back. IYKYK permalink parent award report block reply
Consumerbot381732 14 points 9 hours ago Even better, don’t support any that accept money from AIPAC. Either way, your options are going to be limited unless there’s an awakening. permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo -2 points 9 hours ago Well nothing is ever going to change from voting permalink parent award report block reply
Elonmuskbedo -2 points 9 hours ago Well nothing is ever going to change from voting permalink parent award report block reply
Executarian2 5 points 9 hours ago This party better start bringing in more Thomas Massies and Greenes. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 3 points 7 hours ago Right now would be the perfect time for Patrick Little to come back. IYKYK permalink parent award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 3 points 7 hours ago Right now would be the perfect time for Patrick Little to come back. IYKYK permalink parent award report block reply
PhoneBandit 10 points 11 hours ago If only permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 9 points 11 hours ago See new Big POLL thread by me. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 3 points 7 hours ago Maybe he just doesn't want to get shot again, OK? permalink parent award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 3 points 10 hours ago More proof was POTUS writing a letter to the israeli government to have netenyahu pardoned.  Why is it his business? permalink parent award report block reply
Lurking_centipede 39 points 11 hours ago As the president continues to guzzle bibi cum. So disappointing that he is so israel first. So much he is neglecting domestic issues and now advocating for bringing in foreign talent because "America doesn't have any." Never trumper neocon zionists have their arm up him like a marionette. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 16 points 11 hours ago yep, massive disappointment but then perhaps he has been told that he , or any member of his family will get the 'Kirk,Jfk' treatment should he deviate from pulling out chairs for these CUNTS permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 10 hours ago Then he is a coward permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 9 points 8 hours ago America, Home of the Cowards, weak willed men. The Israelian Slaves. permalink parent award report block reply Lurking_centipede 9 points 9 hours ago Or perhaps he really is on the side of chabbad and israel. Either way it's sad permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 7 hours ago Treefiddydiddy 2 points 4 hours ago or manhattan sewers.... permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 4 hours ago indeed permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 8 points 7 hours ago The Golden Pager wasn’t a gift, it was a threat. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 7 hours ago Trump ended the war that Netanyahu wanted to continue, your retarded conspiracies don’t even make sense. permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 16 points 11 hours ago yep, massive disappointment but then perhaps he has been told that he , or any member of his family will get the 'Kirk,Jfk' treatment should he deviate from pulling out chairs for these CUNTS permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 20 points 10 hours ago Then he is a coward permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 9 points 8 hours ago America, Home of the Cowards, weak willed men. The Israelian Slaves. permalink parent award report block reply Lurking_centipede 9 points 9 hours ago Or perhaps he really is on the side of chabbad and israel. Either way it's sad permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 7 hours ago Treefiddydiddy 2 points 4 hours ago or manhattan sewers.... permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 4 hours ago indeed permalink parent award report block reply Elonmuskbedo 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 20 points 10 hours ago Then he is a coward permalink parent award report block reply IForgotToAddAnEmail 9 points 8 hours ago America, Home of the Cowards, weak willed men. The Israelian Slaves. permalink parent award report block reply
IForgotToAddAnEmail 9 points 8 hours ago America, Home of the Cowards, weak willed men. The Israelian Slaves. permalink parent award report block reply
Lurking_centipede 9 points 9 hours ago Or perhaps he really is on the side of chabbad and israel. Either way it's sad permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 7 hours ago Treefiddydiddy 2 points 4 hours ago or manhattan sewers.... permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 1 points 4 hours ago indeed permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 4 points 7 hours ago Treefiddydiddy 2 points 4 hours ago or manhattan sewers.... permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 2 points 4 hours ago or manhattan sewers.... permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 1 points 4 hours ago indeed permalink parent award report block reply
Elonmuskbedo 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 8 points 7 hours ago The Golden Pager wasn’t a gift, it was a threat. permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman 1 points 7 hours ago Trump ended the war that Netanyahu wanted to continue, your retarded conspiracies don’t even make sense. permalink parent award report block reply
Hangemh1gh 32 points 11 hours ago Archived version for your viewing pleasure: https://archive.is/2025.11.12-122033/https://www.rightjournalism.com/megyn-kelly-drops-bombshell-clip-charlie-kirk-tells-tucker-go-max-on-israel-and-epstein-files-at-tpusa-confirms-carlsons-go-all-the-way-claim-video/ permalink award report block reply
starjello 28 points 11 hours ago It should be clear by now that Israel is behind the movement to divide MAGA. They did it in 2017 during Trump's first term when mossad worked with the CIA to bring out the Q qsiop. That clearly helped to divide the movement in Trump's first term. Now that they are in the gates they are working on anything and apparently have Trump's ear. Like I said yesterday after that Time magazine cover came out and I was down voted for telling the truth. The cover should have had Trump kneeling down in front of Bibi. permalink award report block reply peterthegreen 7 points 8 hours ago #NeverForget Who was the first world leader to congratulate Biden on his 'win' in 2020? permalink parent award report block reply starjello 8 points 7 hours ago Bibi. And now Trump is kissing the ring. permalink parent award report block reply
peterthegreen 7 points 8 hours ago #NeverForget Who was the first world leader to congratulate Biden on his 'win' in 2020? permalink parent award report block reply starjello 8 points 7 hours ago Bibi. And now Trump is kissing the ring. permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 8 points 7 hours ago Bibi. And now Trump is kissing the ring. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 21 points 11 hours ago Looking for old photos? Yeah, right. Kelly is a smart cookie and no doubt remembered this conversation verbatim. She felt it was time to let it fly. permalink award report block reply Givesgunstogrannies 12 points 11 hours ago Exactly my feelings permalink parent award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 12 points 11 hours ago Exactly my feelings permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 20 points 11 hours ago so...who thinks it was tyler that fired the shot permalink award report block reply RINOssuck 8 points 11 hours ago Tyler and his entire family. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 13 points 11 hours ago perfect patsy permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 5 points 11 hours ago If were a patsy he would be dead. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 9 hours ago An obvious point all of these conspiracy retards refuse to address. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... PhoneBandit 2 points 11 hours ago His family sure doesn't think he's the shooter. permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 2 points 11 hours ago Then why did they get him to confess? permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 9 points 10 hours ago His parents were called by a friend/officer and told, "they've identified Tyler as the shooter. It would be best if he turned himself in instead of them having to catch him." permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 6 points 10 hours ago We only know they got him to turn himself in before he was killed in the manhunt. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 3 points 10 hours ago He has not confessed and has pled not guilty permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 0 points 11 hours ago Nope, that was a lie too permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 6 points 11 hours ago No one with an ounce of critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply
RINOssuck 8 points 11 hours ago Tyler and his entire family. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 13 points 11 hours ago perfect patsy permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 5 points 11 hours ago If were a patsy he would be dead. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 9 hours ago An obvious point all of these conspiracy retards refuse to address. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... PhoneBandit 2 points 11 hours ago His family sure doesn't think he's the shooter. permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 2 points 11 hours ago Then why did they get him to confess? permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 9 points 10 hours ago His parents were called by a friend/officer and told, "they've identified Tyler as the shooter. It would be best if he turned himself in instead of them having to catch him." permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 6 points 10 hours ago We only know they got him to turn himself in before he was killed in the manhunt. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 3 points 10 hours ago He has not confessed and has pled not guilty permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 0 points 11 hours ago Nope, that was a lie too permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 13 points 11 hours ago perfect patsy permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 5 points 11 hours ago If were a patsy he would be dead. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 9 hours ago An obvious point all of these conspiracy retards refuse to address. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
RINOssuck 5 points 11 hours ago If were a patsy he would be dead. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 1 points 9 hours ago An obvious point all of these conspiracy retards refuse to address. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
hansgruber7 1 points 9 hours ago An obvious point all of these conspiracy retards refuse to address. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
PhoneBandit 2 points 11 hours ago His family sure doesn't think he's the shooter. permalink parent award report block reply RINOssuck 2 points 11 hours ago Then why did they get him to confess? permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 9 points 10 hours ago His parents were called by a friend/officer and told, "they've identified Tyler as the shooter. It would be best if he turned himself in instead of them having to catch him." permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 6 points 10 hours ago We only know they got him to turn himself in before he was killed in the manhunt. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 3 points 10 hours ago He has not confessed and has pled not guilty permalink parent award report block reply
RINOssuck 2 points 11 hours ago Then why did they get him to confess? permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 9 points 10 hours ago His parents were called by a friend/officer and told, "they've identified Tyler as the shooter. It would be best if he turned himself in instead of them having to catch him." permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 6 points 10 hours ago We only know they got him to turn himself in before he was killed in the manhunt. permalink parent award report block reply FKH2 3 points 10 hours ago He has not confessed and has pled not guilty permalink parent award report block reply
PhoneBandit 9 points 10 hours ago His parents were called by a friend/officer and told, "they've identified Tyler as the shooter. It would be best if he turned himself in instead of them having to catch him." permalink parent award report block reply
Mamapedia 6 points 10 hours ago We only know they got him to turn himself in before he was killed in the manhunt. permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 3 points 10 hours ago He has not confessed and has pled not guilty permalink parent award report block reply
FKH2 0 points 11 hours ago Nope, that was a lie too permalink parent award report block reply
PhoneBandit 6 points 11 hours ago No one with an ounce of critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 18 points 11 hours ago levin, shapiro , portnoy , etc etc bustin bloodvessels permalink award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 17 points 11 hours ago Thanks for posting this, and thanks to whichever mod stickied it! permalink award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 14 points 11 hours ago A small tidbit but part of the larger mosaic. permalink award report block reply MAGAHillbilly OP 17 points 11 hours ago Charlie was talking about the Epstein/Mossad connection, not about Palestinians in Gaza or agreements with Israel... permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAHillbilly OP 17 points 11 hours ago Charlie was talking about the Epstein/Mossad connection, not about Palestinians in Gaza or agreements with Israel... permalink parent award report block reply
rivetjoint2 14 points 10 hours ago "The Tuckercaust" continues. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 14 points 10 hours ago Israel has made itself a major problem for our country, this is all coming to a head now as clearly illustrated by people who used to heavily support Israel flipping. Long overdue but I'm thankful the dam is breaking. permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 13 points 10 hours ago Charlie, we will all go max on the Zionists and Epstein files.   If Trump still provides cover for both then he will be left behind as well. permalink award report block reply Grindelwald 6 points 10 hours ago Who is “we”?  You have a rat in your pocket?  Trump is the only one in several generations that has created a movement that has any hope of returning America to its founding principles. He will pick a successor and MAGA will grow or MAGA will end. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 7 points 8 hours ago "We" are all the people who will go max on the Zionist and Epstein files.  It is written above you question word for word.  You didn't even need context clues to figure that out. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 7 hours ago Funny you bring up rats and being in people's pockets in this of all threads 😂 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 9 hours ago It was already here. He just became to leader of it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 6 points 10 hours ago Who is “we”?  You have a rat in your pocket?  Trump is the only one in several generations that has created a movement that has any hope of returning America to its founding principles. He will pick a successor and MAGA will grow or MAGA will end. permalink parent award report block reply JBlaze056 7 points 8 hours ago "We" are all the people who will go max on the Zionist and Epstein files.  It is written above you question word for word.  You didn't even need context clues to figure that out. permalink parent award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 7 hours ago Funny you bring up rats and being in people's pockets in this of all threads 😂 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 3 points 9 hours ago It was already here. He just became to leader of it. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
JBlaze056 7 points 8 hours ago "We" are all the people who will go max on the Zionist and Epstein files.  It is written above you question word for word.  You didn't even need context clues to figure that out. permalink parent award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 6 points 7 hours ago Funny you bring up rats and being in people's pockets in this of all threads 😂 permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 3 points 9 hours ago It was already here. He just became to leader of it. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 13 points 10 hours ago Individuals like Shapiro and Levine are worried about the loss of power. They are in so deep they will try to bring anyone down with them. Megyn has been the voice of reason for some time and her support for Tucker shows that. There are powerful people from governments that want to quite any dissent. I am starting to believe evil has taken over everything we see and hear. permalink award report block reply
jermzdeejd 9 points 10 hours ago The game is for everyone to disagree so we cant agree on anything. permalink award report block reply
BBvarn 8 points 11 hours ago Does this mean Bill Clinton will be charged with raping minor females at fantasy island? permalink award report block reply
Givesgunstogrannies 8 points 11 hours ago I would like to know what Stu had to say in response. That Glenn Beck crowd and their IFCJ/gambling money is on the side of covering this up permalink award report block reply
dtrap 6 points 8 hours ago Means? Check. Motive? Check. Arrests? permalink award report block reply
dburt2 4 points 6 hours ago Does that mean that Israel is connected to Epstein and to world wide pedophilia? Why is the U.S. even supporting Israel. Why are we supporting anyone in this world? permalink award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 4 points 8 hours ago Can Ben's yarmulke get any larger btw? He's wearing a dish plate on his head. permalink award report block reply
warlord30 4 points 11 hours ago What was Tucker and Megyn talking about before Charlie walked up, and why didn't Megyn feel like that would have been important to include that in the video? permalink award report block reply hansgruber7 -3 points 9 hours ago This is a great question.  Really disappointed in Megyn for pulling this bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -3 points 9 hours ago This is a great question.  Really disappointed in Megyn for pulling this bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply
jermzdeejd 4 points 10 hours ago If you are a subscriber to any of these people you should ask for them to go onto Crowders show to discuss this. permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 3 points 8 hours ago Don't hate crowder but he sucks at debates/interviews. He just interrupts and uses gotcha tactics with outdated arguments. He should stick to skits, news commentary, and investigations. Those he can knock out of the park day in and day out. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 3 hours ago sad but true. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 3 points 8 hours ago Don't hate crowder but he sucks at debates/interviews. He just interrupts and uses gotcha tactics with outdated arguments. He should stick to skits, news commentary, and investigations. Those he can knock out of the park day in and day out. permalink parent award report block reply SenorTrumper 1 points 3 hours ago sad but true. permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 1 points 3 hours ago sad but true. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 3 points 7 hours ago Where are my pro-Israel homies at now? permalink award report block reply hansgruber7 -1 points 7 hours ago Joined 217 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 0 points 5 hours ago Lol. Is that all you got, Hans? I did have an account on here for a few years, RBK2. Then I rage quit for a bit. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -1 points 7 hours ago Joined 217 days ago. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 0 points 5 hours ago Lol. Is that all you got, Hans? I did have an account on here for a few years, RBK2. Then I rage quit for a bit. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 0 points 5 hours ago Lol. Is that all you got, Hans? I did have an account on here for a few years, RBK2. Then I rage quit for a bit. permalink parent award report block reply
gustodog 1 points 1 hour ago Israel is for Israel. The pro-Israel ADL is basically an anti-conservative hate org. And why doesn't anyone ever bring up Ben pushing the Michelle Fields hoax? Daily Wire had a dirty tricks team and how they reputation attack is exactly like how SJW cancel culture faggots do. permalink award report block reply
Drdonaldjtrump1776 1 points 9 hours ago What is all this BS with Charlie Kirk? He was killed in front of our eyes, got that, but what is all this "in fighting" and who gives a shit? Why should we care exactly? I'm Genuinely not getting all this, Candace Owens, Tucker, what? Charlie Kirk knew a lot of people, who cares for they were all friends or not? permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 7 points 8 hours ago Watching your friend get killed by state actors blaming a patsy with BS talking points with blood thirsty jews swarming in to claim everything Charlie built would radicalize anybody. Remember in the first 24 hours a foreign head of state made it known twice he was not responsible (weird). Also you had the mossad agent "Ben Shapiro" throw money and talking points at TPUSA trying to claim some sort of leadership over the organization and we find out Charlie denied $150,000,000 from these same people just days before he's killed. World Jewery killed Charlie Kirk and are trying to wear his legacy as a skin suit to regain control over the conservative movement. They have all but given up on the democrat front. This is their last chance to regain control. Fuck them permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -5 points 9 hours ago It's a lot of grifters looking to get attention and clicks from his death.  Candace, Tucker, Megyn Kelly.  It's gross and disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 7 points 8 hours ago Watching your friend get killed by state actors blaming a patsy with BS talking points with blood thirsty jews swarming in to claim everything Charlie built would radicalize anybody. Remember in the first 24 hours a foreign head of state made it known twice he was not responsible (weird). Also you had the mossad agent "Ben Shapiro" throw money and talking points at TPUSA trying to claim some sort of leadership over the organization and we find out Charlie denied $150,000,000 from these same people just days before he's killed. World Jewery killed Charlie Kirk and are trying to wear his legacy as a skin suit to regain control over the conservative movement. They have all but given up on the democrat front. This is their last chance to regain control. Fuck them permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -5 points 9 hours ago It's a lot of grifters looking to get attention and clicks from his death.  Candace, Tucker, Megyn Kelly.  It's gross and disappointing. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -11 points 11 hours ago This is a nothingburger and the article is written in a sensationalist way. permalink award report block reply
questionmarks -18 points 11 hours ago there are no Epstein files its a democrat hoax, trump said so and if you think otherwise you don't believe in trump and should leave. permalink award report block reply Trump4Infinity 5 points 8 hours ago retard permalink parent award report block reply covok48 4 points 7 hours ago Yeet this Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 5 points 8 hours ago retard permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 4 points 7 hours ago Yeet this Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -23 points 11 hours ago A lot of concern trolls hating on Trump on these boards lately.  Seems organized. permalink award report block reply PhoneBandit 37 points 11 hours ago The people complaining about him have been ride or die MAGA with Trump for almost 10 years now. He changed. Not us. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 21 points 11 hours ago Specifically: His Epstard-denial is changing us . The rest is downstream. Trump keeps his promises xor he isn't MAGA . permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 11 points 10 hours ago 100%. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 8 hours ago I prefer Epstard for myself. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Sure. permalink parent award report block reply YOLOSwag_McFartnut 18 points 10 hours ago This isn't the Trump I caucused for in 2016, 2020, and 2024. He's doing stupid shit left and right. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 18 points 10 hours ago Bullshit.  Open your eyes.  There are infiltrating trolls, for sure, as there have always been, but today's Trump doesn't much sound like the one we have been supporting, sometimes at considerable cost in our own lives, for 10 years.  Something fishy is going on, but it has nothing to do with the MAGAs in the trenches. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 10 points 10 hours ago He shouldn't have backed away from Epstein file releases. He shouldn't have said Americans don't have talent and arguing the case for infinity street shitters. He shouldn't be pushing 50 year mortgages. He shouldn't have backed away from arresting traitors day 1. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 7 hours ago Yeet this Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply
PhoneBandit 37 points 11 hours ago The people complaining about him have been ride or die MAGA with Trump for almost 10 years now. He changed. Not us. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 21 points 11 hours ago Specifically: His Epstard-denial is changing us . The rest is downstream. Trump keeps his promises xor he isn't MAGA . permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 11 points 10 hours ago 100%. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 8 hours ago I prefer Epstard for myself. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Sure. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 21 points 11 hours ago Specifically: His Epstard-denial is changing us . The rest is downstream. Trump keeps his promises xor he isn't MAGA . permalink parent award report block reply PhoneBandit 11 points 10 hours ago 100%. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 8 hours ago I prefer Epstard for myself. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
PhoneBandit 11 points 10 hours ago 100%. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 8 hours ago I prefer Epstard for myself. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 0 points 8 hours ago I prefer Epstard for myself. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Sure. permalink parent award report block reply
YOLOSwag_McFartnut 18 points 10 hours ago This isn't the Trump I caucused for in 2016, 2020, and 2024. He's doing stupid shit left and right. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Mamapedia 18 points 10 hours ago Bullshit.  Open your eyes.  There are infiltrating trolls, for sure, as there have always been, but today's Trump doesn't much sound like the one we have been supporting, sometimes at considerable cost in our own lives, for 10 years.  Something fishy is going on, but it has nothing to do with the MAGAs in the trenches. permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 10 points 10 hours ago He shouldn't have backed away from Epstein file releases. He shouldn't have said Americans don't have talent and arguing the case for infinity street shitters. He shouldn't be pushing 50 year mortgages. He shouldn't have backed away from arresting traitors day 1. permalink parent award report block reply hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply
hansgruber7 -2 points 9 hours ago Anyone who thinks the Dems left incriminating information in any Epstein files is a retard. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 2 points 7 hours ago Yeet this Jeet. permalink parent award report block reply