376 Always bet on Trump. posted 6 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 15 comments award share download report block
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save SubmarineGuy 12 points 6 days ago A bullet pretty much proved God is on his side. This is why he has been so successful in the Arab world. Their faith (flawed as it is) is stronger than any country in the West . They know a blessed man when they see it. permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 8 points 6 days ago I mean, I think I can say this without trying to be blatantly coping or delusional, but I think Trump understands what's at stake. He's aggressively pushing to get the filibuster eliminated, and in a video of him talking this morning, the words "for the survival of this country" came out of his mouth when he was talking about wanting the filibuster gone. Which shows that he knows what will happen if he and the Republicans don't do something drastic. I don't think he wants to spend his last days in prison, which is 100% what would happen if the Democrats get back into power. I would say he will never use the Insurrection Act, but a few recent interviews make me think otherwise. He's recently brought it up and said he'd be willing to use it if he thought he needed to. ...Which, not gonna lie, I think that's what will need to be done, because I don't trust the GOP to work with him, I don't trust them to capitalize on the power they'd be given even if they nuke the filibuster. People exaggerate Trump a lot, but he's not a quitter. I think he'd see the writing on the wall if the GOP doesn't get their act together. Perhaps the military may be the only way. permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 6 days ago He will have to cross the Rubicon and become emperor or all is lost. The midterms are lost at this point and they will be worse than the last time they had power. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 5 points 6 days ago You know what? Fuck the midterms. Here's what should be done: Trump needs to invoke the Insurrection Act and have it suspend the midterms as the US military arrests all the corrupt politicians, judges and many of their leftwing useful idiots. And not gonna lie, as I've grown really cynical and spiteful, I'd love to see my enemies cry like overgrown babies in the scenario of the Insurrection Act. It'll serve them right after how they reacted to Charlie Kirk's murder. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 6 days ago Maybe that's why he is spreading his own people into the most strategic cities. permalink parent award report block reply DeadOverRed 4 points 6 days ago On top of what? Most spending? Least number of enemies hanged for treason? permalink award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 2 points 6 days ago Link https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1986509709310865745 permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 5 days ago That's pretty retarded saying as he lost on 2020 by stolen elections and still hasn't arrest even 1 person for it . .. permalink award report block reply LaptopDied 1 points 6 days ago Yes. permalink award report block reply BOBON0101 -1 points 6 days ago And then he squanders away his victory by becoming a pussy. 🤦‍♂️😒 permalink award report block reply breadbaker -3 points 6 days ago How did his last midterms go? I know the recent quarterterm was a disaster. permalink award report block reply Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Yeah, it’s just shocking that he didn’t win those disassociated contests in NYC and CA…. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 0 points 6 days ago He lost Lucerne County PA commissioners races which flipped decidedly blue when he carried the county handily. The race for VA LT Guv was winnable. Searle was left out to hang to dry. Seriously. Stop living in cult world. permalink parent award report block reply Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Lucerne County commissioners?  Really?   And you actually thought Winsome Earle-Sears had a chance?  You’re not too good at this… permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 4 points 6 days ago His last midterms, you mean 2018? IIRC the Democrats took the house, but hadn't gotten the senate yet. And that was in 2018, before a lot of us were really woken up to how much they love to rig and steal elections. permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 12 points 6 days ago A bullet pretty much proved God is on his side. This is why he has been so successful in the Arab world. Their faith (flawed as it is) is stronger than any country in the West . They know a blessed man when they see it. permalink award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 8 points 6 days ago I mean, I think I can say this without trying to be blatantly coping or delusional, but I think Trump understands what's at stake. He's aggressively pushing to get the filibuster eliminated, and in a video of him talking this morning, the words "for the survival of this country" came out of his mouth when he was talking about wanting the filibuster gone. Which shows that he knows what will happen if he and the Republicans don't do something drastic. I don't think he wants to spend his last days in prison, which is 100% what would happen if the Democrats get back into power. I would say he will never use the Insurrection Act, but a few recent interviews make me think otherwise. He's recently brought it up and said he'd be willing to use it if he thought he needed to. ...Which, not gonna lie, I think that's what will need to be done, because I don't trust the GOP to work with him, I don't trust them to capitalize on the power they'd be given even if they nuke the filibuster. People exaggerate Trump a lot, but he's not a quitter. I think he'd see the writing on the wall if the GOP doesn't get their act together. Perhaps the military may be the only way. permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 6 days ago He will have to cross the Rubicon and become emperor or all is lost. The midterms are lost at this point and they will be worse than the last time they had power. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 5 points 6 days ago You know what? Fuck the midterms. Here's what should be done: Trump needs to invoke the Insurrection Act and have it suspend the midterms as the US military arrests all the corrupt politicians, judges and many of their leftwing useful idiots. And not gonna lie, as I've grown really cynical and spiteful, I'd love to see my enemies cry like overgrown babies in the scenario of the Insurrection Act. It'll serve them right after how they reacted to Charlie Kirk's murder. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 6 days ago Maybe that's why he is spreading his own people into the most strategic cities. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 6 days ago He will have to cross the Rubicon and become emperor or all is lost. The midterms are lost at this point and they will be worse than the last time they had power. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 5 points 6 days ago You know what? Fuck the midterms. Here's what should be done: Trump needs to invoke the Insurrection Act and have it suspend the midterms as the US military arrests all the corrupt politicians, judges and many of their leftwing useful idiots. And not gonna lie, as I've grown really cynical and spiteful, I'd love to see my enemies cry like overgrown babies in the scenario of the Insurrection Act. It'll serve them right after how they reacted to Charlie Kirk's murder. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 6 days ago Maybe that's why he is spreading his own people into the most strategic cities. permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 5 points 6 days ago You know what? Fuck the midterms. Here's what should be done: Trump needs to invoke the Insurrection Act and have it suspend the midterms as the US military arrests all the corrupt politicians, judges and many of their leftwing useful idiots. And not gonna lie, as I've grown really cynical and spiteful, I'd love to see my enemies cry like overgrown babies in the scenario of the Insurrection Act. It'll serve them right after how they reacted to Charlie Kirk's murder. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 6 days ago Maybe that's why he is spreading his own people into the most strategic cities. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 6 days ago Maybe that's why he is spreading his own people into the most strategic cities. permalink parent award report block reply
DeadOverRed 4 points 6 days ago On top of what? Most spending? Least number of enemies hanged for treason? permalink award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 2 points 6 days ago Link https://x.com/C_3C_3/status/1986509709310865745 permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 5 days ago That's pretty retarded saying as he lost on 2020 by stolen elections and still hasn't arrest even 1 person for it . .. permalink award report block reply
LaptopDied 1 points 6 days ago Yes. permalink award report block reply
BOBON0101 -1 points 6 days ago And then he squanders away his victory by becoming a pussy. 🤦‍♂️😒 permalink award report block reply
breadbaker -3 points 6 days ago How did his last midterms go? I know the recent quarterterm was a disaster. permalink award report block reply Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Yeah, it’s just shocking that he didn’t win those disassociated contests in NYC and CA…. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 0 points 6 days ago He lost Lucerne County PA commissioners races which flipped decidedly blue when he carried the county handily. The race for VA LT Guv was winnable. Searle was left out to hang to dry. Seriously. Stop living in cult world. permalink parent award report block reply Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Lucerne County commissioners?  Really?   And you actually thought Winsome Earle-Sears had a chance?  You’re not too good at this… permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 4 points 6 days ago His last midterms, you mean 2018? IIRC the Democrats took the house, but hadn't gotten the senate yet. And that was in 2018, before a lot of us were really woken up to how much they love to rig and steal elections. permalink parent award report block reply
Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Yeah, it’s just shocking that he didn’t win those disassociated contests in NYC and CA…. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 0 points 6 days ago He lost Lucerne County PA commissioners races which flipped decidedly blue when he carried the county handily. The race for VA LT Guv was winnable. Searle was left out to hang to dry. Seriously. Stop living in cult world. permalink parent award report block reply Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Lucerne County commissioners?  Really?   And you actually thought Winsome Earle-Sears had a chance?  You’re not too good at this… permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker 0 points 6 days ago He lost Lucerne County PA commissioners races which flipped decidedly blue when he carried the county handily. The race for VA LT Guv was winnable. Searle was left out to hang to dry. Seriously. Stop living in cult world. permalink parent award report block reply Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Lucerne County commissioners?  Really?   And you actually thought Winsome Earle-Sears had a chance?  You’re not too good at this… permalink parent award report block reply
Niqlndym 4 points 6 days ago Lucerne County commissioners?  Really?   And you actually thought Winsome Earle-Sears had a chance?  You’re not too good at this… permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 4 points 6 days ago His last midterms, you mean 2018? IIRC the Democrats took the house, but hadn't gotten the senate yet. And that was in 2018, before a lot of us were really woken up to how much they love to rig and steal elections. permalink parent award report block reply