14 Mississippi: Portnoy pizza "incident." Still wondering what the CRIME was 🤔. Or are we  becoming the UK (and in the deep South, for cripes sake). posted 6 hours ago by mateus 18 comments award share report block Collin Rugg @CollinRugg • 2d JUST IN: Man accused of throwing coins and shouting "f*** the Jews" at Dave Portnoy outside a Mississippi pizza shop has been charged, according to TMZ. 20-year-old Patrick McClintock has been arrested and charged with "disturbing the peace." "Every person has the right to feel
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save CrossTheRubixCube 7 points 6 hours ago Freedom of Speech is only allowed when attacking Whites. permalink award report block reply mateus OP 4 points 6 hours ago Someone gets it. permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 5 points 6 hours ago This dude needs to sue the shit out of everyone there and his state permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR -2 points 6 hours ago he shouldnt have thrown shit at Dave did you miss that part? permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 1 points 48 minutes ago Some coins at his feet? Must be a fagjew you are permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply mateus OP 5 points 6 hours ago ETA: Apparently, we are becoming the UK, and that's just fine according to some here. Look at the video. The "tough" guy in the blue shirt was approaching him . In a country where you can burn the flag and flip off cops while calling them names, and throw rocks at ICE agents, you suddenly can't voice an unpopular opinion, which BTW was not inciting violence? Throwing coins on the ground is not a crime. This kid is simply a brainwashed product of today's educational system. And the hypocrites here will the the first ones outraged when someone's arrested for saying, f%ck the Muslims , as they are in the UK. Give me a break. permalink award report block reply AFferalAF 3 points 5 hours ago "Why dont you come over here and say it so my security can push you down the street and I never actually have to feel unsafe". Portnoy is a fucking clown and I really wish he'd come down here and try to pull that shit. permalink award report block reply Feelsgood2020 2 points 6 hours ago Make sure you donate to Patrick’s Give Send Go defense fund. https://www.givesendgo.com/DefendPatrick permalink award report block reply mateus OP 1 points 6 hours ago Yet another hand-wringing girly man on this site. permalink parent award report block reply 4886Battery 2 points 6 hours ago Now try throwing coins at a priest and yelling "Fuck the Christians", no doubt there would be a huge rush to... well, do nothing really, maybe pick up the coins, ignore the person, walk the other way? permalink award report block reply skuts 1 points 5 hours ago Having to stop every 3 seconds to pick up another nickel made him late with the deliveries. permalink award report block reply Winter_Is_Coming2020 -2 points 6 hours ago He threw coins at him, that’s why he arrested, it’s not a free speech issue permalink award report block reply 4886Battery 3 points 6 hours ago It says he was arrested for "disturbing the peace", not assault with coins, so not sure where you got that.  Is throwing coins disturbing peace?  I'd say vocal yelling is much more aligned with that charge. permalink parent award report block reply mateus OP 2 points 5 hours ago Since when, or have you been living under a rock? This was a targeted arrest by cops who'd have stood around and scratched their asses had the usual "protesters" been at it again. This lone guy was an easy mark. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply Feelsgood2020 3 points 6 hours ago No mention that any coins hit him, otherwise he would have been charged with assault. /never play dumb to feel smart. permalink parent award report block reply mateus OP 2 points 6 hours ago Bullbleep. Meanwhile, rocks and incendiaries thrown by agitators are hitting our ICE agents. Go back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 7 points 6 hours ago Freedom of Speech is only allowed when attacking Whites. permalink award report block reply mateus OP 4 points 6 hours ago Someone gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
mateus OP 4 points 6 hours ago Someone gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 5 points 6 hours ago This dude needs to sue the shit out of everyone there and his state permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR -2 points 6 hours ago he shouldnt have thrown shit at Dave did you miss that part? permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 1 points 48 minutes ago Some coins at his feet? Must be a fagjew you are permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR -2 points 6 hours ago he shouldnt have thrown shit at Dave did you miss that part? permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 1 points 48 minutes ago Some coins at his feet? Must be a fagjew you are permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 1 points 48 minutes ago Some coins at his feet? Must be a fagjew you are permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
mateus OP 5 points 6 hours ago ETA: Apparently, we are becoming the UK, and that's just fine according to some here. Look at the video. The "tough" guy in the blue shirt was approaching him . In a country where you can burn the flag and flip off cops while calling them names, and throw rocks at ICE agents, you suddenly can't voice an unpopular opinion, which BTW was not inciting violence? Throwing coins on the ground is not a crime. This kid is simply a brainwashed product of today's educational system. And the hypocrites here will the the first ones outraged when someone's arrested for saying, f%ck the Muslims , as they are in the UK. Give me a break. permalink award report block reply
AFferalAF 3 points 5 hours ago "Why dont you come over here and say it so my security can push you down the street and I never actually have to feel unsafe". Portnoy is a fucking clown and I really wish he'd come down here and try to pull that shit. permalink award report block reply
Feelsgood2020 2 points 6 hours ago Make sure you donate to Patrick’s Give Send Go defense fund. https://www.givesendgo.com/DefendPatrick permalink award report block reply mateus OP 1 points 6 hours ago Yet another hand-wringing girly man on this site. permalink parent award report block reply
mateus OP 1 points 6 hours ago Yet another hand-wringing girly man on this site. permalink parent award report block reply
4886Battery 2 points 6 hours ago Now try throwing coins at a priest and yelling "Fuck the Christians", no doubt there would be a huge rush to... well, do nothing really, maybe pick up the coins, ignore the person, walk the other way? permalink award report block reply
skuts 1 points 5 hours ago Having to stop every 3 seconds to pick up another nickel made him late with the deliveries. permalink award report block reply
Winter_Is_Coming2020 -2 points 6 hours ago He threw coins at him, that’s why he arrested, it’s not a free speech issue permalink award report block reply 4886Battery 3 points 6 hours ago It says he was arrested for "disturbing the peace", not assault with coins, so not sure where you got that.  Is throwing coins disturbing peace?  I'd say vocal yelling is much more aligned with that charge. permalink parent award report block reply mateus OP 2 points 5 hours ago Since when, or have you been living under a rock? This was a targeted arrest by cops who'd have stood around and scratched their asses had the usual "protesters" been at it again. This lone guy was an easy mark. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply Feelsgood2020 3 points 6 hours ago No mention that any coins hit him, otherwise he would have been charged with assault. /never play dumb to feel smart. permalink parent award report block reply mateus OP 2 points 6 hours ago Bullbleep. Meanwhile, rocks and incendiaries thrown by agitators are hitting our ICE agents. Go back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply
4886Battery 3 points 6 hours ago It says he was arrested for "disturbing the peace", not assault with coins, so not sure where you got that.  Is throwing coins disturbing peace?  I'd say vocal yelling is much more aligned with that charge. permalink parent award report block reply mateus OP 2 points 5 hours ago Since when, or have you been living under a rock? This was a targeted arrest by cops who'd have stood around and scratched their asses had the usual "protesters" been at it again. This lone guy was an easy mark. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply
mateus OP 2 points 5 hours ago Since when, or have you been living under a rock? This was a targeted arrest by cops who'd have stood around and scratched their asses had the usual "protesters" been at it again. This lone guy was an easy mark. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply
Feelsgood2020 3 points 6 hours ago No mention that any coins hit him, otherwise he would have been charged with assault. /never play dumb to feel smart. permalink parent award report block reply
mateus OP 2 points 6 hours ago Bullbleep. Meanwhile, rocks and incendiaries thrown by agitators are hitting our ICE agents. Go back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 6 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply