101 THE AF OATH OF OFFICE posted 4 hours ago by Antenna 16 comments award share download report block
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save RandoBudster 13 points 3 hours ago I don't have a problem with anything she said here permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 1 points 2 hours ago You aren't supposed to, by design. Problem is. It's BY design. permalink parent award report block reply tt777 10 points 2 hours ago And I thought Trump felt that way too...before he was elected. permalink award report block reply Elencher 4 points 2 hours ago I've always suspected he was threatened and cut some kind of deal those hours he disappeared on Jan 6. 4 years of Biden to fuck us over and undo what he accomplished 2016-2020, then 4 more years of Trump to pacify us as they keep fucking us over including possibly setting up JD to make us think we're winning while they just keep running us over with immigrants, only now it's "legally." permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Look Im gonna keep it real with you chief, i don't want to vote for a woman regardless of what she says permalink award report block reply HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago But she doesn't want to deport the construction workers. permalink award report block reply dems_be_crazy 3 points 2 hours ago Agree when and where you agree and disagree when appropriate. I'll take all the support I can get when I can get it. We can fight her on immigration when she says something stupid about it. Don't support politicians. Support policy. Accept any help you can on any policy you care about. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 1 points 1 hour ago Think she wants them towards the end of the deport line. Trump said some farm workers should stay permalink parent award report block reply Smokerstar 2 points 2 hours ago I like what she says but fuck, there's something not right about her. The "Kevin Mccarthy affair" was not appealing. permalink award report block reply blockchain-the-vote 2 points 2 hours ago AF and AO are not the same permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -9 points 3 hours ago dumb bitch is going to try to run for pres in future. permalink award report block reply Thrilly 11 points 3 hours ago Even if she doesn't, she's building awareness for one of the biggest issues facing America, the H1B visa crisis. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 4 points 2 hours ago No she won't. She knows she'll never have national appeal, and has said so. permalink parent award report block reply HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago What kind of national appeal did Biden have? permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Democrats don't need national appeal they have the media to create it for them permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 2 hours ago This x 1,000 And democrats and republicans, together, destroyed MTG's chance of garnering national appeal. permalink parent award report block reply
RandoBudster 13 points 3 hours ago I don't have a problem with anything she said here permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 1 points 2 hours ago You aren't supposed to, by design. Problem is. It's BY design. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 1 points 2 hours ago You aren't supposed to, by design. Problem is. It's BY design. permalink parent award report block reply
tt777 10 points 2 hours ago And I thought Trump felt that way too...before he was elected. permalink award report block reply Elencher 4 points 2 hours ago I've always suspected he was threatened and cut some kind of deal those hours he disappeared on Jan 6. 4 years of Biden to fuck us over and undo what he accomplished 2016-2020, then 4 more years of Trump to pacify us as they keep fucking us over including possibly setting up JD to make us think we're winning while they just keep running us over with immigrants, only now it's "legally." permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 4 points 2 hours ago I've always suspected he was threatened and cut some kind of deal those hours he disappeared on Jan 6. 4 years of Biden to fuck us over and undo what he accomplished 2016-2020, then 4 more years of Trump to pacify us as they keep fucking us over including possibly setting up JD to make us think we're winning while they just keep running us over with immigrants, only now it's "legally." permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Look Im gonna keep it real with you chief, i don't want to vote for a woman regardless of what she says permalink award report block reply
HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago But she doesn't want to deport the construction workers. permalink award report block reply dems_be_crazy 3 points 2 hours ago Agree when and where you agree and disagree when appropriate. I'll take all the support I can get when I can get it. We can fight her on immigration when she says something stupid about it. Don't support politicians. Support policy. Accept any help you can on any policy you care about. permalink parent award report block reply RandoBudster 1 points 1 hour ago Think she wants them towards the end of the deport line. Trump said some farm workers should stay permalink parent award report block reply
dems_be_crazy 3 points 2 hours ago Agree when and where you agree and disagree when appropriate. I'll take all the support I can get when I can get it. We can fight her on immigration when she says something stupid about it. Don't support politicians. Support policy. Accept any help you can on any policy you care about. permalink parent award report block reply
RandoBudster 1 points 1 hour ago Think she wants them towards the end of the deport line. Trump said some farm workers should stay permalink parent award report block reply
Smokerstar 2 points 2 hours ago I like what she says but fuck, there's something not right about her. The "Kevin Mccarthy affair" was not appealing. permalink award report block reply
blockchain-the-vote 2 points 2 hours ago AF and AO are not the same permalink award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 -9 points 3 hours ago dumb bitch is going to try to run for pres in future. permalink award report block reply Thrilly 11 points 3 hours ago Even if she doesn't, she's building awareness for one of the biggest issues facing America, the H1B visa crisis. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 4 points 2 hours ago No she won't. She knows she'll never have national appeal, and has said so. permalink parent award report block reply HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago What kind of national appeal did Biden have? permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Democrats don't need national appeal they have the media to create it for them permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 2 hours ago This x 1,000 And democrats and republicans, together, destroyed MTG's chance of garnering national appeal. permalink parent award report block reply
Thrilly 11 points 3 hours ago Even if she doesn't, she's building awareness for one of the biggest issues facing America, the H1B visa crisis. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 4 points 2 hours ago No she won't. She knows she'll never have national appeal, and has said so. permalink parent award report block reply HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago What kind of national appeal did Biden have? permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Democrats don't need national appeal they have the media to create it for them permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 2 hours ago This x 1,000 And democrats and republicans, together, destroyed MTG's chance of garnering national appeal. permalink parent award report block reply
HanginChad 2 points 2 hours ago What kind of national appeal did Biden have? permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Democrats don't need national appeal they have the media to create it for them permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 2 hours ago This x 1,000 And democrats and republicans, together, destroyed MTG's chance of garnering national appeal. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 4 points 2 hours ago Democrats don't need national appeal they have the media to create it for them permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 2 hours ago This x 1,000 And democrats and republicans, together, destroyed MTG's chance of garnering national appeal. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 3 points 2 hours ago This x 1,000 And democrats and republicans, together, destroyed MTG's chance of garnering national appeal. permalink parent award report block reply