390 BREAKING: Hungary just BLOCKED EU security guarantees for Ukraine and new military aid! posted 6 days ago by Trump2024Train 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save What Made Him Walk Away? The Shocking Truth Is Out Read More Ads by Ad.Style Be_The_Change 8 points 6 days ago Orban = THE MAN permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 4 points 6 days ago They need to leave the EU as with any other actual remaining country that hasn't sold its soul to the Woke Gods permalink award report block reply KarameloKamala 3 points 6 days ago Poland and Hungary should just start a slavic union already.  Exclude Ukraine's and any of the ones who didnt already have enough communism and tell the west to suck rocks permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Ukraine should wake the F up to what Blackrock and the Swiss IMF is doing to them permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 1 points 6 days ago They are, they just have a dictator ruling them.  Question is, why does the west support that dictator. permalink parent award report block reply 2025WhatIsTrue 2 points 6 days ago LOL! permalink award report block reply
Be_The_Change 8 points 6 days ago Orban = THE MAN permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 4 points 6 days ago They need to leave the EU as with any other actual remaining country that hasn't sold its soul to the Woke Gods permalink award report block reply KarameloKamala 3 points 6 days ago Poland and Hungary should just start a slavic union already.  Exclude Ukraine's and any of the ones who didnt already have enough communism and tell the west to suck rocks permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Ukraine should wake the F up to what Blackrock and the Swiss IMF is doing to them permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 1 points 6 days ago They are, they just have a dictator ruling them.  Question is, why does the west support that dictator. permalink parent award report block reply
KarameloKamala 3 points 6 days ago Poland and Hungary should just start a slavic union already.  Exclude Ukraine's and any of the ones who didnt already have enough communism and tell the west to suck rocks permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Ukraine should wake the F up to what Blackrock and the Swiss IMF is doing to them permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 1 points 6 days ago They are, they just have a dictator ruling them.  Question is, why does the west support that dictator. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 1 points 6 days ago Ukraine should wake the F up to what Blackrock and the Swiss IMF is doing to them permalink parent award report block reply KarameloKamala 1 points 6 days ago They are, they just have a dictator ruling them.  Question is, why does the west support that dictator. permalink parent award report block reply
KarameloKamala 1 points 6 days ago They are, they just have a dictator ruling them.  Question is, why does the west support that dictator. permalink parent award report block reply
2025WhatIsTrue 2 points 6 days ago LOL! permalink award report block reply