306 Islam is unconstitutional. Just ask Muslims. posted 4 days ago by _Liberty_Prime_ 26 comments award share report block Avery Daye @AveryDaye • 5d Liberals hate religion, but they want to vote in an ideology that doesn't believe in separation of church and state. Actually, Islam doesn't believe in freedom of religion, period. It is the polar opposite of everything liberals claim to stand for. Make it make sense????
26 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home) HaloGrow zooty 6 points 4 days ago How can you have separation in something which is a monolith? With Sharia, the 'church' is the state. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 5 points 4 days ago There are more reasons, but that's a good one. Even Constitutional originalists would agree that Shariah breaks the first Ammendment as it would establish a state religion. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 4 points 4 days ago Because there's nothing "liberal" about the American left. permalink award report block reply bigdickhangsright 2 points 4 days ago The left and Islam have a lot in common actually. Pro wealth "redistribution" Pro banging children Pro killing people for ideology Pro bestiality Anti Constitution Their backwards dogma clouds their tiny minds permalink parent award report block reply raid 2 points 4 days ago The "since" part of "make it make since" is simple. They want to defeat Christ's church and control the 'mores' of what is right and wrong. Christians know God defines what is good and what is evil. It is the desire of the communists to have the power over man of what is  "good" and what is not. Those on the left know Islam corrupt and covet that very same power. permalink award report block reply Saltish 2 points 4 days ago They're brown and they hate America. That's literally it. permalink award report block reply Mintap 2 points 4 days ago Leftists don't believe in freedom of religion or separation of church and state. They believe the government is God and all have to serve it or die. permalink award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago They believe the government is God and all have to serve it or die And Muslims believe their god Allah is the government and all have to serve it or die. ...Damn. There really is no meaningful difference between them. permalink parent award report block reply GontMawr 1 points 4 days ago There is seperation of church and state. What is needed is seperation of synagogue and state and mosque and state. permalink award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 1 points 4 days ago If they've declared war on America, and the Constitution, the Department of War is not protecting Americans. Bag their heads and ship off to El Salvador. permalink award report block reply Tradstew 1 points 4 days ago Regarding the "elected" mooslms, when does the oath of office come into play? permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 3 points 4 days ago If they put their hand on a Quran, then those are the values they're promoting. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 4 days ago To be fair, when does the oath of office come into play for any politician? permalink parent award report block reply OldMule68 1 points 4 days ago Maybe this is really about something else entirely. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 1 points 4 days ago The west separated church and state, and is falling fast. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 4 days ago They have this belligerent belief that they'll be able to control the muzzies the same way they do us yokels. Yeah, no. I got to hand it to the muzzies they do know how to not let women control them. Too bad they are sexually frustrated low IQ demons. permalink award report block reply HankScorpio -5 points 4 days ago We need separation of Synagogue and State. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago There it is. The uncontrollable response to Exposing Muslims. Like Pavlov's dog. permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -7 points 4 days ago there it is. the uncontrollable reponse to exposing the zionist oligarchs. Like Pavlov's dogs. BUT BUT BUT  THE MUSLIMS!!!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago Lol! Oh, Mohammed. I just posted Muslims telling people they want to overthrow America and you're freaking the fuck out. Why is that, hmm? permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -4 points 4 days ago lol, david. Whos funding the muslims migration at an international level? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
zooty 6 points 4 days ago How can you have separation in something which is a monolith? With Sharia, the 'church' is the state. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 5 points 4 days ago There are more reasons, but that's a good one. Even Constitutional originalists would agree that Shariah breaks the first Ammendment as it would establish a state religion. permalink parent award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ OP 5 points 4 days ago There are more reasons, but that's a good one. Even Constitutional originalists would agree that Shariah breaks the first Ammendment as it would establish a state religion. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 4 points 4 days ago Because there's nothing "liberal" about the American left. permalink award report block reply bigdickhangsright 2 points 4 days ago The left and Islam have a lot in common actually. Pro wealth "redistribution" Pro banging children Pro killing people for ideology Pro bestiality Anti Constitution Their backwards dogma clouds their tiny minds permalink parent award report block reply
bigdickhangsright 2 points 4 days ago The left and Islam have a lot in common actually. Pro wealth "redistribution" Pro banging children Pro killing people for ideology Pro bestiality Anti Constitution Their backwards dogma clouds their tiny minds permalink parent award report block reply
raid 2 points 4 days ago The "since" part of "make it make since" is simple. They want to defeat Christ's church and control the 'mores' of what is right and wrong. Christians know God defines what is good and what is evil. It is the desire of the communists to have the power over man of what is  "good" and what is not. Those on the left know Islam corrupt and covet that very same power. permalink award report block reply
Saltish 2 points 4 days ago They're brown and they hate America. That's literally it. permalink award report block reply
Mintap 2 points 4 days ago Leftists don't believe in freedom of religion or separation of church and state. They believe the government is God and all have to serve it or die. permalink award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago They believe the government is God and all have to serve it or die And Muslims believe their god Allah is the government and all have to serve it or die. ...Damn. There really is no meaningful difference between them. permalink parent award report block reply
RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago They believe the government is God and all have to serve it or die And Muslims believe their god Allah is the government and all have to serve it or die. ...Damn. There really is no meaningful difference between them. permalink parent award report block reply
GontMawr 1 points 4 days ago There is seperation of church and state. What is needed is seperation of synagogue and state and mosque and state. permalink award report block reply
FerkenBlerkin 1 points 4 days ago If they've declared war on America, and the Constitution, the Department of War is not protecting Americans. Bag their heads and ship off to El Salvador. permalink award report block reply
Tradstew 1 points 4 days ago Regarding the "elected" mooslms, when does the oath of office come into play? permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 3 points 4 days ago If they put their hand on a Quran, then those are the values they're promoting. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 4 days ago To be fair, when does the oath of office come into play for any politician? permalink parent award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ OP 3 points 4 days ago If they put their hand on a Quran, then those are the values they're promoting. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 2 points 4 days ago To be fair, when does the oath of office come into play for any politician? permalink parent award report block reply
OldMule68 1 points 4 days ago Maybe this is really about something else entirely. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 1 points 4 days ago The west separated church and state, and is falling fast. permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 4 days ago They have this belligerent belief that they'll be able to control the muzzies the same way they do us yokels. Yeah, no. I got to hand it to the muzzies they do know how to not let women control them. Too bad they are sexually frustrated low IQ demons. permalink award report block reply
HankScorpio -5 points 4 days ago We need separation of Synagogue and State. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago There it is. The uncontrollable response to Exposing Muslims. Like Pavlov's dog. permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -7 points 4 days ago there it is. the uncontrollable reponse to exposing the zionist oligarchs. Like Pavlov's dogs. BUT BUT BUT  THE MUSLIMS!!!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago Lol! Oh, Mohammed. I just posted Muslims telling people they want to overthrow America and you're freaking the fuck out. Why is that, hmm? permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -4 points 4 days ago lol, david. Whos funding the muslims migration at an international level? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
_Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago There it is. The uncontrollable response to Exposing Muslims. Like Pavlov's dog. permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -7 points 4 days ago there it is. the uncontrollable reponse to exposing the zionist oligarchs. Like Pavlov's dogs. BUT BUT BUT  THE MUSLIMS!!!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago Lol! Oh, Mohammed. I just posted Muslims telling people they want to overthrow America and you're freaking the fuck out. Why is that, hmm? permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -4 points 4 days ago lol, david. Whos funding the muslims migration at an international level? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
HankScorpio -7 points 4 days ago there it is. the uncontrollable reponse to exposing the zionist oligarchs. Like Pavlov's dogs. BUT BUT BUT  THE MUSLIMS!!!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago Lol! Oh, Mohammed. I just posted Muslims telling people they want to overthrow America and you're freaking the fuck out. Why is that, hmm? permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -4 points 4 days ago lol, david. Whos funding the muslims migration at an international level? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
_Liberty_Prime_ OP 7 points 4 days ago Lol! Oh, Mohammed. I just posted Muslims telling people they want to overthrow America and you're freaking the fuck out. Why is that, hmm? permalink parent award report block reply HankScorpio -4 points 4 days ago lol, david. Whos funding the muslims migration at an international level? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
HankScorpio -4 points 4 days ago lol, david. Whos funding the muslims migration at an international level? permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...