1032 Supreme Court Extends Order Blocking Full SNAP Payments (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 21 hours ago by Trick 53 comments award share report block BREAKING: Supreme Court Extends Order Blocking Full SNAP Payments | The Gateway Pundit | by Cristina Laila The US Supreme Court on Tuesday extended its order blocking full SNAP payments to states. www.thegatewaypundit.com
53 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save GA_Logic 88 points 21 hours ago Buckle up because we may see the great jogger run after all soon. permalink award report block reply TooTrue-translation 35 points 21 hours ago Is chimpout.org still a thing? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPiIIedMAGA 26 points 21 hours ago lol wtf https://www.chimpout.org/forum/forumdisplay.php?14-Special-Housing-Unit permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 15 points 20 hours ago That’s a fbi self reporting data base of if I ever saw 1 permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 20 hours ago Don't forget about https://thereligionofpeace.com/ permalink parent award report block reply Drewniverse 7 points 20 hours ago lmao based permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 3 points 15 hours ago "Sheeeeeeit fam we gonna eat by stealin all dey foodz" And generally the sub80's are posting this sentiment all over. Blue shithole riot alert.... permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 4 points 21 hours ago Not sure but it should be! permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 20 hours ago Was chimpout dot com permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 2 points 20 hours ago Chimpout.com permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 8 points 20 hours ago Shheeiit permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 6 points 20 hours ago Worldstar Economic Forum permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 20 hours ago They better hurry the heck up. I dont k ow how many times I can keep going to the store in hopes of seeing it. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 6 hours ago You're just buying the wrong stuff. Buy a whole cart load of little Debbie's and coke products. They'll find you in the parking lot permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 1 points 5 hours ago I be taking all the grapes sodaz next time yo! permalink parent award report block reply TheFozz 2 points 14 hours ago LaQueefa and BonQueesha 'bout to "SNAP UP" all the high-calorie and Sugar Laden garbage for their 12 hungry niglets at home! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Tokens_Worth 30 points 20 hours ago "Liberal Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson dissented. There was no opinion." lol permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 18 points 20 hours ago She did the usual downvote and block routine permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 6 points 15 hours ago No brain activity, either. permalink parent award report block reply TheFozz 2 points 14 hours ago The Sole CHIMP VOTE on the SCOTUS, permalink parent award report block reply Scot 21 points 21 hours ago Some unelected lower court judge would overrule them again - if the government wasn't about to open. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 19 points 20 hours ago Eat ramen you worthless fucking democrat titty suckers. permalink award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 10 points 20 hours ago I've seen MREs for sale for as little as $1.45/each. permalink parent award report block reply TheDespotofCartoons 5 points 20 hours ago Link, please?  😊 permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 8 points 19 hours ago https://armynavyoutdoors.com/24-mre-entree-sides-case-pack/ Gotta buy 2 cases for that price, otherwise they're just over $2 each. Need to go up to 3 cases for free shipping though. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 2 points 9 hours ago What's the record for surviving eating MRE's? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 15 hours ago Nice! Looks like I'll be increasing my stockpile. permalink parent award report block reply MJPalazzolo 2 points 17 hours ago MREs were developed by DARPA to air drop on the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply I_heart_blastbeats 2 points 13 hours ago I'm unemployed because Ukrainians took my job. I could really use the measly $177 right now. permalink parent award report block reply HeatherSwanson 8 points 20 hours ago Is this? Is this another win for Donald? permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 4 points 20 hours ago Our first permalink parent award report block reply saltyviewer123 4 points 20 hours ago America First! permalink parent award report block reply dres3 7 points 20 hours ago The order is extended until thursday. states must continue to process and load partial issuance files that reflect the 35 percent reduction of maximum allotments detailed in the November 5 guidance.  So its not as long as y'all would like it to be. permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 7 points 19 hours ago MAKE THEM ALL REAPPLY! permalink award report block reply tholinz 5 points 20 hours ago Well no shit. It's illegal to take money out of one bucket for another, for very good reason. permalink award report block reply asiatrails 5 points 19 hours ago They should all have to reapply with documents showing their legal status in the country. No ILLEGAL ALIENS or individuals on non-immigrant visas should receive anything. The parents of every child being claimed must be identified. Any anchor babies should be immediately deported along with their parents and all family members.  The USG should continue payments to the child only. Any future fraud should result in the immediate termination of all benefits. permalink award report block reply raptormissle 4 points 21 hours ago So don't order the Nespresso Pods yet? permalink award report block reply Hoshi 2 points 17 hours ago "Liberal Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson dissented. There was no opinion." - Sounds about right permalink award report block reply Jmricht 1 points 19 hours ago Fuck em permalink award report block reply warlord30 0 points 20 hours ago Coolio manjoolio permalink award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism -1 points 20 hours ago One of the reasons for the wipeout last week was that we lost the messaging war on SNAP. The Dems somehow framed the GOP for the shutdown then let the classic "sociopath GOP wants people to starve" narrative come back to people's memories. Then, thanks to their superior organizational skills, organized a bunch of food drives to get good optics. If we want to win this and stop a disaster next year, we need to flip the messaging. A compassionate plan solves our problems: it appeals to empathy optics that moderate voters crave and motivates our side to turn out with an actual policy platform. How do we turn this around? Welfare should be reformed to focus on providing on-ramps to get off said program with a focus on personal responsibility (why should other people be taxed behind in life while you buy an extra pack of cigarettes). Meanwhile, charity should be encouraged in the name of Christian/American values and providing that helping hand-up to show we genuinely want everyone to succeed. Of course, this is highly idealistic, but that's what Trump specializes in and needs right now. permalink award report block reply Krat 6 points 20 hours ago Your mistake is believing that our country isn't willingly filled with commies who want nothing to do than to just mooch off the gibs... They see it as theirs to begin with... permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 2 points 20 hours ago Of course, but by framing it this way we maintain the moral high ground and keep public approval for increased restrictions on said commie moochers. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 19 hours ago Still worrying about the optics when our side will never get a “fair shake” in the media they’ll just lie. End all welfare and let the snappers starve.  Fuck it permalink parent award report block reply SalteenCracker 2 points 18 hours ago Okay, doomer permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 6 hours ago Yes the dems successfully framed the GOP as the culprit in deep blue states. If those same elections were held in red states the dems would've taken the blame. 99% of people have chosen a side. Persuasion is nearly dead. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 20 hours ago Its the same shit as the Abortion thing. We get play because we try the stupidest shit at the worst possible time. It just feels like sometimes we are just throwing the game permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 3 points 20 hours ago No one is coming to save us. No one is going to win this fight for us. Everything is going to be hard fought and hard earned from here on out. permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 1 points 8 hours ago Yup,  going hard anti-abortion is a fruitless endeavor until you can repeal the 19th permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 88 points 21 hours ago Buckle up because we may see the great jogger run after all soon. permalink award report block reply TooTrue-translation 35 points 21 hours ago Is chimpout.org still a thing? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPiIIedMAGA 26 points 21 hours ago lol wtf https://www.chimpout.org/forum/forumdisplay.php?14-Special-Housing-Unit permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 15 points 20 hours ago That’s a fbi self reporting data base of if I ever saw 1 permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 20 hours ago Don't forget about https://thereligionofpeace.com/ permalink parent award report block reply Drewniverse 7 points 20 hours ago lmao based permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 3 points 15 hours ago "Sheeeeeeit fam we gonna eat by stealin all dey foodz" And generally the sub80's are posting this sentiment all over. Blue shithole riot alert.... permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 4 points 21 hours ago Not sure but it should be! permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 20 hours ago Was chimpout dot com permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 2 points 20 hours ago Chimpout.com permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 8 points 20 hours ago Shheeiit permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 6 points 20 hours ago Worldstar Economic Forum permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 2 points 20 hours ago They better hurry the heck up. I dont k ow how many times I can keep going to the store in hopes of seeing it. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 6 hours ago You're just buying the wrong stuff. Buy a whole cart load of little Debbie's and coke products. They'll find you in the parking lot permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 1 points 5 hours ago I be taking all the grapes sodaz next time yo! permalink parent award report block reply TheFozz 2 points 14 hours ago LaQueefa and BonQueesha 'bout to "SNAP UP" all the high-calorie and Sugar Laden garbage for their 12 hungry niglets at home! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
TooTrue-translation 35 points 21 hours ago Is chimpout.org still a thing? permalink parent award report block reply BlackPiIIedMAGA 26 points 21 hours ago lol wtf https://www.chimpout.org/forum/forumdisplay.php?14-Special-Housing-Unit permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 15 points 20 hours ago That’s a fbi self reporting data base of if I ever saw 1 permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 20 hours ago Don't forget about https://thereligionofpeace.com/ permalink parent award report block reply Drewniverse 7 points 20 hours ago lmao based permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 3 points 15 hours ago "Sheeeeeeit fam we gonna eat by stealin all dey foodz" And generally the sub80's are posting this sentiment all over. Blue shithole riot alert.... permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 4 points 21 hours ago Not sure but it should be! permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 3 points 20 hours ago Was chimpout dot com permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 2 points 20 hours ago Chimpout.com permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPiIIedMAGA 26 points 21 hours ago lol wtf https://www.chimpout.org/forum/forumdisplay.php?14-Special-Housing-Unit permalink parent award report block reply Porkchop-express 15 points 20 hours ago That’s a fbi self reporting data base of if I ever saw 1 permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 20 hours ago Don't forget about https://thereligionofpeace.com/ permalink parent award report block reply Drewniverse 7 points 20 hours ago lmao based permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 3 points 15 hours ago "Sheeeeeeit fam we gonna eat by stealin all dey foodz" And generally the sub80's are posting this sentiment all over. Blue shithole riot alert.... permalink parent award report block reply
Porkchop-express 15 points 20 hours ago That’s a fbi self reporting data base of if I ever saw 1 permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesSwingingCock 11 points 20 hours ago Don't forget about https://thereligionofpeace.com/ permalink parent award report block reply
Drewniverse 7 points 20 hours ago lmao based permalink parent award report block reply
FrmrAmericanRepublic 3 points 15 hours ago "Sheeeeeeit fam we gonna eat by stealin all dey foodz" And generally the sub80's are posting this sentiment all over. Blue shithole riot alert.... permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 4 points 21 hours ago Not sure but it should be! permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 3 points 20 hours ago Was chimpout dot com permalink parent award report block reply
hughjasske69 2 points 20 hours ago Chimpout.com permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 8 points 20 hours ago Shheeiit permalink parent award report block reply
CovfefeVideo 6 points 20 hours ago Worldstar Economic Forum permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 2 points 20 hours ago They better hurry the heck up. I dont k ow how many times I can keep going to the store in hopes of seeing it. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 6 hours ago You're just buying the wrong stuff. Buy a whole cart load of little Debbie's and coke products. They'll find you in the parking lot permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 1 points 5 hours ago I be taking all the grapes sodaz next time yo! permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 6 hours ago You're just buying the wrong stuff. Buy a whole cart load of little Debbie's and coke products. They'll find you in the parking lot permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 1 points 5 hours ago I be taking all the grapes sodaz next time yo! permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 1 points 5 hours ago I be taking all the grapes sodaz next time yo! permalink parent award report block reply
TheFozz 2 points 14 hours ago LaQueefa and BonQueesha 'bout to "SNAP UP" all the high-calorie and Sugar Laden garbage for their 12 hungry niglets at home! permalink parent award report block reply GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply
GA_Logic 1 points 8 hours ago Kek. permalink parent award report block reply
Tokens_Worth 30 points 20 hours ago "Liberal Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson dissented. There was no opinion." lol permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 18 points 20 hours ago She did the usual downvote and block routine permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 6 points 15 hours ago No brain activity, either. permalink parent award report block reply TheFozz 2 points 14 hours ago The Sole CHIMP VOTE on the SCOTUS, permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 18 points 20 hours ago She did the usual downvote and block routine permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 6 points 15 hours ago No brain activity, either. permalink parent award report block reply
TheFozz 2 points 14 hours ago The Sole CHIMP VOTE on the SCOTUS, permalink parent award report block reply
Scot 21 points 21 hours ago Some unelected lower court judge would overrule them again - if the government wasn't about to open. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 19 points 20 hours ago Eat ramen you worthless fucking democrat titty suckers. permalink award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 10 points 20 hours ago I've seen MREs for sale for as little as $1.45/each. permalink parent award report block reply TheDespotofCartoons 5 points 20 hours ago Link, please?  😊 permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 8 points 19 hours ago https://armynavyoutdoors.com/24-mre-entree-sides-case-pack/ Gotta buy 2 cases for that price, otherwise they're just over $2 each. Need to go up to 3 cases for free shipping though. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 2 points 9 hours ago What's the record for surviving eating MRE's? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 15 hours ago Nice! Looks like I'll be increasing my stockpile. permalink parent award report block reply MJPalazzolo 2 points 17 hours ago MREs were developed by DARPA to air drop on the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply I_heart_blastbeats 2 points 13 hours ago I'm unemployed because Ukrainians took my job. I could really use the measly $177 right now. permalink parent award report block reply
POTUS_DonnieJ 10 points 20 hours ago I've seen MREs for sale for as little as $1.45/each. permalink parent award report block reply TheDespotofCartoons 5 points 20 hours ago Link, please?  😊 permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 8 points 19 hours ago https://armynavyoutdoors.com/24-mre-entree-sides-case-pack/ Gotta buy 2 cases for that price, otherwise they're just over $2 each. Need to go up to 3 cases for free shipping though. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 2 points 9 hours ago What's the record for surviving eating MRE's? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 15 hours ago Nice! Looks like I'll be increasing my stockpile. permalink parent award report block reply MJPalazzolo 2 points 17 hours ago MREs were developed by DARPA to air drop on the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply
TheDespotofCartoons 5 points 20 hours ago Link, please?  😊 permalink parent award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 8 points 19 hours ago https://armynavyoutdoors.com/24-mre-entree-sides-case-pack/ Gotta buy 2 cases for that price, otherwise they're just over $2 each. Need to go up to 3 cases for free shipping though. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 2 points 9 hours ago What's the record for surviving eating MRE's? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 15 hours ago Nice! Looks like I'll be increasing my stockpile. permalink parent award report block reply
POTUS_DonnieJ 8 points 19 hours ago https://armynavyoutdoors.com/24-mre-entree-sides-case-pack/ Gotta buy 2 cases for that price, otherwise they're just over $2 each. Need to go up to 3 cases for free shipping though. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 2 points 9 hours ago What's the record for surviving eating MRE's? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 15 hours ago Nice! Looks like I'll be increasing my stockpile. permalink parent award report block reply
tomthung 2 points 9 hours ago What's the record for surviving eating MRE's? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ConfusedAngryArmed 1 points 15 hours ago Nice! Looks like I'll be increasing my stockpile. permalink parent award report block reply
MJPalazzolo 2 points 17 hours ago MREs were developed by DARPA to air drop on the enemy. permalink parent award report block reply
I_heart_blastbeats 2 points 13 hours ago I'm unemployed because Ukrainians took my job. I could really use the measly $177 right now. permalink parent award report block reply
HeatherSwanson 8 points 20 hours ago Is this? Is this another win for Donald? permalink award report block reply trumpORbust 4 points 20 hours ago Our first permalink parent award report block reply saltyviewer123 4 points 20 hours ago America First! permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 4 points 20 hours ago Our first permalink parent award report block reply saltyviewer123 4 points 20 hours ago America First! permalink parent award report block reply
saltyviewer123 4 points 20 hours ago America First! permalink parent award report block reply
dres3 7 points 20 hours ago The order is extended until thursday. states must continue to process and load partial issuance files that reflect the 35 percent reduction of maximum allotments detailed in the November 5 guidance.  So its not as long as y'all would like it to be. permalink award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 7 points 19 hours ago MAKE THEM ALL REAPPLY! permalink award report block reply
tholinz 5 points 20 hours ago Well no shit. It's illegal to take money out of one bucket for another, for very good reason. permalink award report block reply
asiatrails 5 points 19 hours ago They should all have to reapply with documents showing their legal status in the country. No ILLEGAL ALIENS or individuals on non-immigrant visas should receive anything. The parents of every child being claimed must be identified. Any anchor babies should be immediately deported along with their parents and all family members.  The USG should continue payments to the child only. Any future fraud should result in the immediate termination of all benefits. permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 4 points 21 hours ago So don't order the Nespresso Pods yet? permalink award report block reply
Hoshi 2 points 17 hours ago "Liberal Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson dissented. There was no opinion." - Sounds about right permalink award report block reply
Jmricht 1 points 19 hours ago Fuck em permalink award report block reply
warlord30 0 points 20 hours ago Coolio manjoolio permalink award report block reply
ChinchillaCapitalism -1 points 20 hours ago One of the reasons for the wipeout last week was that we lost the messaging war on SNAP. The Dems somehow framed the GOP for the shutdown then let the classic "sociopath GOP wants people to starve" narrative come back to people's memories. Then, thanks to their superior organizational skills, organized a bunch of food drives to get good optics. If we want to win this and stop a disaster next year, we need to flip the messaging. A compassionate plan solves our problems: it appeals to empathy optics that moderate voters crave and motivates our side to turn out with an actual policy platform. How do we turn this around? Welfare should be reformed to focus on providing on-ramps to get off said program with a focus on personal responsibility (why should other people be taxed behind in life while you buy an extra pack of cigarettes). Meanwhile, charity should be encouraged in the name of Christian/American values and providing that helping hand-up to show we genuinely want everyone to succeed. Of course, this is highly idealistic, but that's what Trump specializes in and needs right now. permalink award report block reply Krat 6 points 20 hours ago Your mistake is believing that our country isn't willingly filled with commies who want nothing to do than to just mooch off the gibs... They see it as theirs to begin with... permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 2 points 20 hours ago Of course, but by framing it this way we maintain the moral high ground and keep public approval for increased restrictions on said commie moochers. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 19 hours ago Still worrying about the optics when our side will never get a “fair shake” in the media they’ll just lie. End all welfare and let the snappers starve.  Fuck it permalink parent award report block reply SalteenCracker 2 points 18 hours ago Okay, doomer permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 6 hours ago Yes the dems successfully framed the GOP as the culprit in deep blue states. If those same elections were held in red states the dems would've taken the blame. 99% of people have chosen a side. Persuasion is nearly dead. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 20 hours ago Its the same shit as the Abortion thing. We get play because we try the stupidest shit at the worst possible time. It just feels like sometimes we are just throwing the game permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 3 points 20 hours ago No one is coming to save us. No one is going to win this fight for us. Everything is going to be hard fought and hard earned from here on out. permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 1 points 8 hours ago Yup,  going hard anti-abortion is a fruitless endeavor until you can repeal the 19th permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 6 points 20 hours ago Your mistake is believing that our country isn't willingly filled with commies who want nothing to do than to just mooch off the gibs... They see it as theirs to begin with... permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 2 points 20 hours ago Of course, but by framing it this way we maintain the moral high ground and keep public approval for increased restrictions on said commie moochers. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 19 hours ago Still worrying about the optics when our side will never get a “fair shake” in the media they’ll just lie. End all welfare and let the snappers starve.  Fuck it permalink parent award report block reply
ChinchillaCapitalism 2 points 20 hours ago Of course, but by framing it this way we maintain the moral high ground and keep public approval for increased restrictions on said commie moochers. permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 19 hours ago Still worrying about the optics when our side will never get a “fair shake” in the media they’ll just lie. End all welfare and let the snappers starve.  Fuck it permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 19 hours ago Still worrying about the optics when our side will never get a “fair shake” in the media they’ll just lie. End all welfare and let the snappers starve.  Fuck it permalink parent award report block reply
SalteenCracker 2 points 18 hours ago Okay, doomer permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 6 hours ago Yes the dems successfully framed the GOP as the culprit in deep blue states. If those same elections were held in red states the dems would've taken the blame. 99% of people have chosen a side. Persuasion is nearly dead. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 20 hours ago Its the same shit as the Abortion thing. We get play because we try the stupidest shit at the worst possible time. It just feels like sometimes we are just throwing the game permalink parent award report block reply ChinchillaCapitalism 3 points 20 hours ago No one is coming to save us. No one is going to win this fight for us. Everything is going to be hard fought and hard earned from here on out. permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 1 points 8 hours ago Yup,  going hard anti-abortion is a fruitless endeavor until you can repeal the 19th permalink parent award report block reply
ChinchillaCapitalism 3 points 20 hours ago No one is coming to save us. No one is going to win this fight for us. Everything is going to be hard fought and hard earned from here on out. permalink parent award report block reply
Froynlavenfroynlaven 1 points 8 hours ago Yup,  going hard anti-abortion is a fruitless endeavor until you can repeal the 19th permalink parent award report block reply