255 💾 Just In: The Trump administration is reportedly BLOCKING Nvidia from selling its scaled-back AI chips to China... 🖕   FUCK  CHINA   🖕 posted 6 days ago by TheRedPilledArtist 11 comments award share download report block
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno benjovikenobi 4 points 5 days ago Can't wait until people understand "dual use", we do something about all the Chinese industrial espionage and IP theft, and prosecute suppliers under ITAR. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago If AI can be used in weapons systems (It can, look at Anduril), then it's just as important to protect as Space X. Space X can't hire foreign nationals because of ITAR, even if they're naturalized. So I think nVidia would be up shit creek if they were suddenly subject to ITAR. Their CEO is a fucking chink. permalink parent award report block reply benjovikenobi 1 points 4 days ago Imagine if we actually enforced our own laws and put America First. So many problems that would never have become problems in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 4 points 6 days ago Sorry, Charlie permalink award report block reply Knowbody 4 points 6 days ago They'll try to get cards in the hands of black market traders, who sell them to China. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 6 days ago Those sweet sweet Trojan Horse cards.... permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago We actually need to fight back like that. China is full of turmoil and anti-Government sentiment. It'll just take a few small sparks. A few cracks in the foundation. And one of those huge cracks could be digital infrastructure collapse caused by trojan horse AI chips. And we have enough programmers do to it, seeing as how a bunch of Indians have taken their jobs before they ever even graduated school. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 4 points 6 days ago Good. Just to be clear and on point if those scaled back versions if enough is connected can still match even the newer more powerful versions. All those scaled down versions could have been sold for cheap towards any business in America which would make the business more effective. permalink award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist OP 3 points 6 days ago SOURCE: https://x.com/MarioNawfal/status/1986620872539410646 permalink award report block reply SalteenCracker 2 points 6 days ago That's not "just in." permalink award report block reply shadypollster 1 points 6 days ago This is a capital burning scam. permalink award report block reply
benjovikenobi 4 points 5 days ago Can't wait until people understand "dual use", we do something about all the Chinese industrial espionage and IP theft, and prosecute suppliers under ITAR. permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago If AI can be used in weapons systems (It can, look at Anduril), then it's just as important to protect as Space X. Space X can't hire foreign nationals because of ITAR, even if they're naturalized. So I think nVidia would be up shit creek if they were suddenly subject to ITAR. Their CEO is a fucking chink. permalink parent award report block reply benjovikenobi 1 points 4 days ago Imagine if we actually enforced our own laws and put America First. So many problems that would never have become problems in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago If AI can be used in weapons systems (It can, look at Anduril), then it's just as important to protect as Space X. Space X can't hire foreign nationals because of ITAR, even if they're naturalized. So I think nVidia would be up shit creek if they were suddenly subject to ITAR. Their CEO is a fucking chink. permalink parent award report block reply benjovikenobi 1 points 4 days ago Imagine if we actually enforced our own laws and put America First. So many problems that would never have become problems in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply
benjovikenobi 1 points 4 days ago Imagine if we actually enforced our own laws and put America First. So many problems that would never have become problems in the first place. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 4 points 6 days ago Sorry, Charlie permalink award report block reply
Knowbody 4 points 6 days ago They'll try to get cards in the hands of black market traders, who sell them to China. permalink award report block reply shadypollster 2 points 6 days ago Those sweet sweet Trojan Horse cards.... permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago We actually need to fight back like that. China is full of turmoil and anti-Government sentiment. It'll just take a few small sparks. A few cracks in the foundation. And one of those huge cracks could be digital infrastructure collapse caused by trojan horse AI chips. And we have enough programmers do to it, seeing as how a bunch of Indians have taken their jobs before they ever even graduated school. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 2 points 6 days ago Those sweet sweet Trojan Horse cards.... permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago We actually need to fight back like that. China is full of turmoil and anti-Government sentiment. It'll just take a few small sparks. A few cracks in the foundation. And one of those huge cracks could be digital infrastructure collapse caused by trojan horse AI chips. And we have enough programmers do to it, seeing as how a bunch of Indians have taken their jobs before they ever even graduated school. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 2 points 5 days ago We actually need to fight back like that. China is full of turmoil and anti-Government sentiment. It'll just take a few small sparks. A few cracks in the foundation. And one of those huge cracks could be digital infrastructure collapse caused by trojan horse AI chips. And we have enough programmers do to it, seeing as how a bunch of Indians have taken their jobs before they ever even graduated school. permalink parent award report block reply
Aambrick 4 points 6 days ago Good. Just to be clear and on point if those scaled back versions if enough is connected can still match even the newer more powerful versions. All those scaled down versions could have been sold for cheap towards any business in America which would make the business more effective. permalink award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist OP 3 points 6 days ago SOURCE: https://x.com/MarioNawfal/status/1986620872539410646 permalink award report block reply
SalteenCracker 2 points 6 days ago That's not "just in." permalink award report block reply
shadypollster 1 points 6 days ago This is a capital burning scam. permalink award report block reply