10 Noticing a lot of SHILLING for admin today! posted 2 hours ago by Trooph-Hurts 4 comments award share report block Must be the tech bros
4 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save lostmyoldpassword 1 points 39 minutes ago The lack of traffic makes it nigh impossible to not see.  Also it's the root cause of the low traffic.  Funny, innit? permalink award report block reply Roadpower 1 points 2 hours ago Tech bros or people who just have a hard time coming to terms with being sold out after being all in for nine years. Thank goodness I'm a life long registered independent. That one choice when I was 18 years old has had a profound impact on my ability to discern reality from bullshit. permalink award report block reply starjello 2 points 41 minutes ago I've been no party affiliation for most of my voting life. The only problem is I can't vote in the primaries and I get propaganda mail from both political parties. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts OP 2 points 1 hour ago Yup,,,,, it’s an observation glad some one else recognizes it too! permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 46 minutes ago Independent is the only way to be political parties shouldn't exist so voters would be forced to vet their candidates instead of just voting for a color. permalink parent award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 1 points 39 minutes ago The lack of traffic makes it nigh impossible to not see.  Also it's the root cause of the low traffic.  Funny, innit? permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 1 points 2 hours ago Tech bros or people who just have a hard time coming to terms with being sold out after being all in for nine years. Thank goodness I'm a life long registered independent. That one choice when I was 18 years old has had a profound impact on my ability to discern reality from bullshit. permalink award report block reply starjello 2 points 41 minutes ago I've been no party affiliation for most of my voting life. The only problem is I can't vote in the primaries and I get propaganda mail from both political parties. permalink parent award report block reply Trooph-Hurts OP 2 points 1 hour ago Yup,,,,, it’s an observation glad some one else recognizes it too! permalink parent award report block reply BannedAccount 1 points 46 minutes ago Independent is the only way to be political parties shouldn't exist so voters would be forced to vet their candidates instead of just voting for a color. permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 2 points 41 minutes ago I've been no party affiliation for most of my voting life. The only problem is I can't vote in the primaries and I get propaganda mail from both political parties. permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts OP 2 points 1 hour ago Yup,,,,, it’s an observation glad some one else recognizes it too! permalink parent award report block reply
BannedAccount 1 points 46 minutes ago Independent is the only way to be political parties shouldn't exist so voters would be forced to vet their candidates instead of just voting for a color. permalink parent award report block reply