18 Keep trashing Trump and this is one of the many wonderful things we will get. (gatewayhispanic.com) posted 9 hours ago by SpaceWizard 11 comments award share report block The European Union Imposes Draconian Cash Limits and Monitors All Cryptocurrencies: Towards a Supervised Digital Euro and the Lo... The European Union has announced a measure that will dramatically impact the financial lives of its citizens.Cash transactions exceeding €10,000 will be gatewayhispanic.com
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Maganifice7 12 points 9 hours ago Tell Trump to stop making retarded decisions. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard OP -5 points 9 hours ago We can't get everything we want all at once. I can't believe how short sighted people are here. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 3 points 8 hours ago His messaging sucks then. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard OP 0 points 8 hours ago Right now ya. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 2 points 8 hours ago This is dumb. If your side is making a mistake, make sure they hear about it. Make it so loud they are forced to fix it or you will lose the average voter. I can understand that Trump isn't always right while also recognizing he was the best option we've had in decades. When he is doing well, make sure he knows it and when he does stupid things, makes sure he knows it. Allowing stupid policies go unchallenged leads us to losing elections and getting worse policy from the other side. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard OP 1 points 7 hours ago What's going on is beyond mere criticism. People need to look at the big picture. I don't agree with what's he's doing recently, but there must be a good reason. He needs to come out and explain what's going on right now. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 2 points 5 hours ago It's always more complicated, but I think the vast majority is people speaking their disagreement. People are hyperbolic when things are good and bad. I agree if you mean people need to keep some sense of reality. Trump has been so much better than Kamala would have been. It also has to be said that it wouldn't be nearly as bad if he was doing the things we wanted and those things were failing to make it through. It's more about direction than distance. permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 2 points 8 hours ago No they're saving that for JDs term obviously permalink award report block reply JBlaze056 0 points 8 hours ago Almost the entire Trump family has their own meme coins and cryptocurrencies they have profited from at the expense of gullible morons.  They are pro crypto already and setting us down the very path you are saying you are against. permalink award report block reply Be_The_Change 2 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard OP -3 points 9 hours ago No. We can stop it. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Maganifice7 12 points 9 hours ago Tell Trump to stop making retarded decisions. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard OP -5 points 9 hours ago We can't get everything we want all at once. I can't believe how short sighted people are here. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 3 points 8 hours ago His messaging sucks then. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard OP 0 points 8 hours ago Right now ya. permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard OP -5 points 9 hours ago We can't get everything we want all at once. I can't believe how short sighted people are here. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 3 points 8 hours ago His messaging sucks then. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard OP 0 points 8 hours ago Right now ya. permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 3 points 8 hours ago His messaging sucks then. permalink parent award report block reply SpaceWizard OP 0 points 8 hours ago Right now ya. permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard OP 0 points 8 hours ago Right now ya. permalink parent award report block reply
dems_be_crazy 2 points 8 hours ago This is dumb. If your side is making a mistake, make sure they hear about it. Make it so loud they are forced to fix it or you will lose the average voter. I can understand that Trump isn't always right while also recognizing he was the best option we've had in decades. When he is doing well, make sure he knows it and when he does stupid things, makes sure he knows it. Allowing stupid policies go unchallenged leads us to losing elections and getting worse policy from the other side. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard OP 1 points 7 hours ago What's going on is beyond mere criticism. People need to look at the big picture. I don't agree with what's he's doing recently, but there must be a good reason. He needs to come out and explain what's going on right now. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 2 points 5 hours ago It's always more complicated, but I think the vast majority is people speaking their disagreement. People are hyperbolic when things are good and bad. I agree if you mean people need to keep some sense of reality. Trump has been so much better than Kamala would have been. It also has to be said that it wouldn't be nearly as bad if he was doing the things we wanted and those things were failing to make it through. It's more about direction than distance. permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard OP 1 points 7 hours ago What's going on is beyond mere criticism. People need to look at the big picture. I don't agree with what's he's doing recently, but there must be a good reason. He needs to come out and explain what's going on right now. permalink parent award report block reply dems_be_crazy 2 points 5 hours ago It's always more complicated, but I think the vast majority is people speaking their disagreement. People are hyperbolic when things are good and bad. I agree if you mean people need to keep some sense of reality. Trump has been so much better than Kamala would have been. It also has to be said that it wouldn't be nearly as bad if he was doing the things we wanted and those things were failing to make it through. It's more about direction than distance. permalink parent award report block reply
dems_be_crazy 2 points 5 hours ago It's always more complicated, but I think the vast majority is people speaking their disagreement. People are hyperbolic when things are good and bad. I agree if you mean people need to keep some sense of reality. Trump has been so much better than Kamala would have been. It also has to be said that it wouldn't be nearly as bad if he was doing the things we wanted and those things were failing to make it through. It's more about direction than distance. permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 2 points 8 hours ago No they're saving that for JDs term obviously permalink award report block reply
JBlaze056 0 points 8 hours ago Almost the entire Trump family has their own meme coins and cryptocurrencies they have profited from at the expense of gullible morons.  They are pro crypto already and setting us down the very path you are saying you are against. permalink award report block reply
Be_The_Change 2 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard OP -3 points 9 hours ago No. We can stop it. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
SpaceWizard OP -3 points 9 hours ago No. We can stop it. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply