116 "If H-1B visas were about bringing the best talent on the planet, it wouldn’t be 71% from India. 

There would be tons of Germans, Polish and Russians receiving the H-1B visas each year. 

H-1B is a scam for cheap slave labor." posted 1 hour ago by bleeje 12 comments award share report block Wall Street Mav @WallStreetMav • 14h If H-1B visas were about bringing the best talent on the planet, it wouldn’t be 71% from India. There would be tons of Germans, Polish and Russians receiving the H-1B visas each year. H-1B is a scam for cheap slave labor.
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save FusionBlack 13 points 1 hour ago Bingo. permalink award report block reply Awakened 9 points 48 minutes ago H1b Visa is a scam and Trump needs to change course quickly. He seems to forget he use to call it a scam himself. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 19 minutes ago He used to call Epstein a child trafficker also. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 9 minutes ago Nobody ever said that he wasn't. It just doesn't mean what you think it means. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 6 minutes ago Yes please, let's believe he only watched porn with kids and acted alone trafficking kids to himself. All the cameras in his houses only recorded himself and all the evidence the FBI took was only implicating himself. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 5 minutes ago Don't particularly care what you believe. That's the case that the DOJ made against him and it's laughable to think that the far left SDNY, Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, etc., filled the files with evidence against people that they had no intentions of prosecuting. Especially after they allegedly killed him to cover up their crimes. permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 6 points 30 minutes ago H1B is legal invasion. None of these jeets assimilate and they use ethnic nepotism to game the system to displace Americans. I wish people could see the existential threat they pose to this country. permalink award report block reply ancillasedet 5 points 56 minutes ago Problem is that Indians are cheaper, even than Eastern Europeans as they can easily go to Western Europe.  Britain was having a problem with "Polish", read white Eastern European, plumbers a few years ago.  They fixed it to make way for the inflatable boat people by setting up deportation channels to Eastern Europe.  They do have deportation channels to Eastern Europe, not to France, so much.  France is where the boat people come from. permalink award report block reply Realassman 4 points 1 hour ago 💯. Now they are moving shops offshore permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 3 points 10 minutes ago Maybe because the naval-gazing Eurofags think their farts smell don't stink. You're better off getting H-1B's from humble neighborhoods and villages than woke cityfags who think they're superior than everyone else. permalink award report block reply NdNcenti 1 points 13 minutes ago 💯 permalink award report block reply Dirk_Diggler 1 points 8 minutes ago Well, that's what an O-1 visa is for. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 13 points 1 hour ago Bingo. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 9 points 48 minutes ago H1b Visa is a scam and Trump needs to change course quickly. He seems to forget he use to call it a scam himself. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 19 minutes ago He used to call Epstein a child trafficker also. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 9 minutes ago Nobody ever said that he wasn't. It just doesn't mean what you think it means. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 6 minutes ago Yes please, let's believe he only watched porn with kids and acted alone trafficking kids to himself. All the cameras in his houses only recorded himself and all the evidence the FBI took was only implicating himself. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 5 minutes ago Don't particularly care what you believe. That's the case that the DOJ made against him and it's laughable to think that the far left SDNY, Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, etc., filled the files with evidence against people that they had no intentions of prosecuting. Especially after they allegedly killed him to cover up their crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 19 minutes ago He used to call Epstein a child trafficker also. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 9 minutes ago Nobody ever said that he wasn't. It just doesn't mean what you think it means. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 6 minutes ago Yes please, let's believe he only watched porn with kids and acted alone trafficking kids to himself. All the cameras in his houses only recorded himself and all the evidence the FBI took was only implicating himself. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 5 minutes ago Don't particularly care what you believe. That's the case that the DOJ made against him and it's laughable to think that the far left SDNY, Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, etc., filled the files with evidence against people that they had no intentions of prosecuting. Especially after they allegedly killed him to cover up their crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 9 minutes ago Nobody ever said that he wasn't. It just doesn't mean what you think it means. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 6 minutes ago Yes please, let's believe he only watched porn with kids and acted alone trafficking kids to himself. All the cameras in his houses only recorded himself and all the evidence the FBI took was only implicating himself. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 5 minutes ago Don't particularly care what you believe. That's the case that the DOJ made against him and it's laughable to think that the far left SDNY, Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, etc., filled the files with evidence against people that they had no intentions of prosecuting. Especially after they allegedly killed him to cover up their crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 1 points 6 minutes ago Yes please, let's believe he only watched porn with kids and acted alone trafficking kids to himself. All the cameras in his houses only recorded himself and all the evidence the FBI took was only implicating himself. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 5 minutes ago Don't particularly care what you believe. That's the case that the DOJ made against him and it's laughable to think that the far left SDNY, Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, etc., filled the files with evidence against people that they had no intentions of prosecuting. Especially after they allegedly killed him to cover up their crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 5 minutes ago Don't particularly care what you believe. That's the case that the DOJ made against him and it's laughable to think that the far left SDNY, Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, etc., filled the files with evidence against people that they had no intentions of prosecuting. Especially after they allegedly killed him to cover up their crimes. permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 6 points 30 minutes ago H1B is legal invasion. None of these jeets assimilate and they use ethnic nepotism to game the system to displace Americans. I wish people could see the existential threat they pose to this country. permalink award report block reply
ancillasedet 5 points 56 minutes ago Problem is that Indians are cheaper, even than Eastern Europeans as they can easily go to Western Europe.  Britain was having a problem with "Polish", read white Eastern European, plumbers a few years ago.  They fixed it to make way for the inflatable boat people by setting up deportation channels to Eastern Europe.  They do have deportation channels to Eastern Europe, not to France, so much.  France is where the boat people come from. permalink award report block reply
Realassman 4 points 1 hour ago 💯. Now they are moving shops offshore permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 3 points 10 minutes ago Maybe because the naval-gazing Eurofags think their farts smell don't stink. You're better off getting H-1B's from humble neighborhoods and villages than woke cityfags who think they're superior than everyone else. permalink award report block reply
NdNcenti 1 points 13 minutes ago 💯 permalink award report block reply
Dirk_Diggler 1 points 8 minutes ago Well, that's what an O-1 visa is for. permalink award report block reply