24 This dude survived 2 assassination attempts and being arrested, but brings down his own presidency with H1Bs, Chinese students, and Epstein. Impressive posted 6 hours ago by BidenSniffsLittleKid 12 comments award share download report block
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save skuts 7 points 5 hours ago The best thing that could happen in this country right now would be the eruption of Yellowstone Volcano. permalink award report block reply go_pound_salt 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t give the administration any ideas. permalink parent award report block reply mmasquer 5 points 6 hours ago Big dollar corporate donors are fighting to keep their slave workforces. Farm belt RINOS (Grassley for example) doing the same. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago If they are replacing you with "slaves" what does that make you? And since when do slaves get imported from the 3rd world into the 1st world and given 200k engineering jobs and apartments at the expense of the native population? Is this some kind of new age definition of "slave" I've never heard of? News flash pal. YOURE THE SLAVE. not the illegal brown foreigner parasite who was given your shit at your expense. Stop with this bullshit language. Illegals are not fucking slaves. We are. permalink parent award report block reply Crucible 5 points 6 hours ago That was the deal he made with Satan. This is not 2015 Trump. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 6 points 5 hours ago I am starting to think you may be right. permalink parent award report block reply happyfave -1 points 5 hours ago You guys are really fucking sad.  Turn on trump over very little things.  Kind of pathetic.  The guy is pro business, he always has been. permalink parent award report block reply happyfave 3 points 5 hours ago Deport permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago It's 2050. Every corporation and institution is Indian. You dont even hear english anymore. In the dark annals of the internet, a faint voice calls - "but what about the epstein files!" permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 1 points 5 hours ago Fuck him. I hope he is impeached and goes to prison permalink award report block reply machilec21 1 points 5 hours ago How about publicized trial ? permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago JD is not capable of saying this isn't India. He's just not. permalink parent award report block reply
skuts 7 points 5 hours ago The best thing that could happen in this country right now would be the eruption of Yellowstone Volcano. permalink award report block reply go_pound_salt 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t give the administration any ideas. permalink parent award report block reply
go_pound_salt 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t give the administration any ideas. permalink parent award report block reply
mmasquer 5 points 6 hours ago Big dollar corporate donors are fighting to keep their slave workforces. Farm belt RINOS (Grassley for example) doing the same. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago If they are replacing you with "slaves" what does that make you? And since when do slaves get imported from the 3rd world into the 1st world and given 200k engineering jobs and apartments at the expense of the native population? Is this some kind of new age definition of "slave" I've never heard of? News flash pal. YOURE THE SLAVE. not the illegal brown foreigner parasite who was given your shit at your expense. Stop with this bullshit language. Illegals are not fucking slaves. We are. permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago If they are replacing you with "slaves" what does that make you? And since when do slaves get imported from the 3rd world into the 1st world and given 200k engineering jobs and apartments at the expense of the native population? Is this some kind of new age definition of "slave" I've never heard of? News flash pal. YOURE THE SLAVE. not the illegal brown foreigner parasite who was given your shit at your expense. Stop with this bullshit language. Illegals are not fucking slaves. We are. permalink parent award report block reply
Crucible 5 points 6 hours ago That was the deal he made with Satan. This is not 2015 Trump. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 6 points 5 hours ago I am starting to think you may be right. permalink parent award report block reply happyfave -1 points 5 hours ago You guys are really fucking sad.  Turn on trump over very little things.  Kind of pathetic.  The guy is pro business, he always has been. permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 6 points 5 hours ago I am starting to think you may be right. permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave -1 points 5 hours ago You guys are really fucking sad.  Turn on trump over very little things.  Kind of pathetic.  The guy is pro business, he always has been. permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave 3 points 5 hours ago Deport permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago It's 2050. Every corporation and institution is Indian. You dont even hear english anymore. In the dark annals of the internet, a faint voice calls - "but what about the epstein files!" permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 1 points 5 hours ago Fuck him. I hope he is impeached and goes to prison permalink award report block reply machilec21 1 points 5 hours ago How about publicized trial ? permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago JD is not capable of saying this isn't India. He's just not. permalink parent award report block reply
machilec21 1 points 5 hours ago How about publicized trial ? permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 1 points 3 hours ago JD is not capable of saying this isn't India. He's just not. permalink parent award report block reply