65 Trump: Come Back TO THE PEOPLE…or you’re going to LOSE IT ALL!! AMERICA        FIRST posted 10 hours ago by Bruno 11 comments award share report block The Artist known as Jess @ElofsonJess • 17h This is not the message I want to send out. This is the message #trump is forcing me to put out. The truth is the truth and hopes and dreams can't change facts on the ground. If we have to weld plate on bulldozers so be it, I won't be ruled over by socialist libtards. President
11 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save snakeoil 6 points 10 hours ago Not wrong permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 3 points 8 hours ago Came here to say this. I know they want to divide us. I know they are all saying MAGA is dead. I know this is what they want. Trump has to hear this. He has to figure out who the f is lying to him. Again. permalink parent award report block reply Wildwind 6 points 8 hours ago He not doing the Americans right. I voted for him twice and the last 3 months he is showing just what he is. I'll  never vote republican  again. The only time ill vote if someone like JFK ran. Otherwise, if the people here dont like it tough shit. Your so blind about MAGA. On Fox he just announced  600 thousand  Chinese are going to be attending colleges on visa. Stating that Americans can not even build batteries. That Americans doesn't  know about high tech. That americans are on unemployment because they wont go to work.  It was white Americans that build this country. He also pardon that returd over in Israel. Stay out of Israel  courts and start worrying about the judges in America courts. Add the fact that your deportation numbers are not even making a dent in the illegal Aliens.  Trump your not MAGA. Its the people of America  that are MAGA. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 4 points 8 hours ago If he stays on this path, America will fall, Trump, his family and most of his supporters will be arrested and/or killed!  His legacy will go down in flames and he will be HATED BY ALL SIDES! permalink award report block reply Nonyer 2 points 4 hours ago All I can think is Trump is pushing so hard to get the filibuster terminated. Trump has always risked his based when it could pay off big for the USA as a whole. Lets hope we can get the filibuster killed off and get the MAGA agenda passed. So many more fundamental safe guards where removed in the early 1900's to pretend that this one safeguard is so much more important then the others. We are no longer 2 pro American parties. We are split 3 ways, Tranny commies, corrupt rinos, and patriots. permalink award report block reply Maga305_47 1 points 3 hours ago 1.Stop the Nobel Peace Prize bullshit immediately
2. Arrest someone!
3. Deport, deport, deport, need to hit 20M before the end midterms. permalink award report block reply UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 5 hours ago Dick. He is making you give him a mandate.
Stop being whiny bitches because the President isn’t doing All of the heavy lifting for you soft c**ks.
Get active in you local council and State government. permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue -1 points 9 hours ago HELLO FELLOW TRUMP SUPPORTERS, WE SHOULD ACTUALLY ALL START HATING TRUMP, DON'T  YOU THINK?  TRUMP SUCKS, RIGHT GUYS!?!? t. OP ywnbaw permalink award report block reply eclectic22 -1 points 9 hours ago Funny how he hits all the anti-Trump shill points, as if following a script. permalink parent award report block reply eclectic22 -2 points 10 hours ago Retarded. permalink award report block reply CucumberExtract 2 points 10 hours ago CucumberExtract. permalink parent award report block reply
snakeoil 6 points 10 hours ago Not wrong permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 3 points 8 hours ago Came here to say this. I know they want to divide us. I know they are all saying MAGA is dead. I know this is what they want. Trump has to hear this. He has to figure out who the f is lying to him. Again. permalink parent award report block reply
freedom-thinker 3 points 8 hours ago Came here to say this. I know they want to divide us. I know they are all saying MAGA is dead. I know this is what they want. Trump has to hear this. He has to figure out who the f is lying to him. Again. permalink parent award report block reply
Wildwind 6 points 8 hours ago He not doing the Americans right. I voted for him twice and the last 3 months he is showing just what he is. I'll  never vote republican  again. The only time ill vote if someone like JFK ran. Otherwise, if the people here dont like it tough shit. Your so blind about MAGA. On Fox he just announced  600 thousand  Chinese are going to be attending colleges on visa. Stating that Americans can not even build batteries. That Americans doesn't  know about high tech. That americans are on unemployment because they wont go to work.  It was white Americans that build this country. He also pardon that returd over in Israel. Stay out of Israel  courts and start worrying about the judges in America courts. Add the fact that your deportation numbers are not even making a dent in the illegal Aliens.  Trump your not MAGA. Its the people of America  that are MAGA. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 4 points 8 hours ago If he stays on this path, America will fall, Trump, his family and most of his supporters will be arrested and/or killed!  His legacy will go down in flames and he will be HATED BY ALL SIDES! permalink award report block reply
Nonyer 2 points 4 hours ago All I can think is Trump is pushing so hard to get the filibuster terminated. Trump has always risked his based when it could pay off big for the USA as a whole. Lets hope we can get the filibuster killed off and get the MAGA agenda passed. So many more fundamental safe guards where removed in the early 1900's to pretend that this one safeguard is so much more important then the others. We are no longer 2 pro American parties. We are split 3 ways, Tranny commies, corrupt rinos, and patriots. permalink award report block reply
Maga305_47 1 points 3 hours ago 1.Stop the Nobel Peace Prize bullshit immediately
2. Arrest someone!
3. Deport, deport, deport, need to hit 20M before the end midterms. permalink award report block reply
UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 5 hours ago Dick. He is making you give him a mandate.
Stop being whiny bitches because the President isn’t doing All of the heavy lifting for you soft c**ks.
Get active in you local council and State government. permalink award report block reply
RINO_fatigue -1 points 9 hours ago HELLO FELLOW TRUMP SUPPORTERS, WE SHOULD ACTUALLY ALL START HATING TRUMP, DON'T  YOU THINK?  TRUMP SUCKS, RIGHT GUYS!?!? t. OP ywnbaw permalink award report block reply eclectic22 -1 points 9 hours ago Funny how he hits all the anti-Trump shill points, as if following a script. permalink parent award report block reply
eclectic22 -1 points 9 hours ago Funny how he hits all the anti-Trump shill points, as if following a script. permalink parent award report block reply
eclectic22 -2 points 10 hours ago Retarded. permalink award report block reply CucumberExtract 2 points 10 hours ago CucumberExtract. permalink parent award report block reply
CucumberExtract 2 points 10 hours ago CucumberExtract. permalink parent award report block reply