61 Utica, NY, :  A black student comes from behind and tries to murder an Asian kid using a knife. The Asian successfully defends himself while waiting for help. The second teacher arrives, they throw the Asian kid to the ground, and tell the murderous black kid to get out of there. posted 15 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 7 comments award share report block Dane @UltraDane • 1d 🇺🇸  Utica, NY, USA:  A black student comes from behind and tries to murder an Asian kid using a knife. The Asian successfully defends himself, while waiting for help. The black kid's friends are all recording the attempted murder, and offer no help. When a teacher sees the Asian
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save airborne3502 7 points 15 hours ago This happened two years ago. The black kid got charged with assault and possession of a weapon. This was two teachers, not school security, breaking up a fight. I don't think there was any favoritism. Pulling two kids that are fighting apart isn't always neat and clean. permalink award report block reply ElevenMile 6 points 15 hours ago The black kid got charged with assault and position of a weapon. In my town you stab someone multiple times with a knife that's attempted murder permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 14 hours ago As it should be. permalink parent award report block reply ElevenMile 4 points 15 hours ago Somalians are fucking garbage permalink award report block reply jcd_007 4 points 15 hours ago I don’t remember this kind of stuff happening when I was in high school. Which wasn’t that long ago. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 1 points 15 hours ago What were the demographics of your high school? permalink parent award report block reply Shaffro 3 points 13 hours ago These thugs do not belong in America. I know where we can send them permalink award report block reply Trump454748 2 points 11 hours ago Worst case of white supremacy I’ve seen in quite a while. permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 7 points 15 hours ago This happened two years ago. The black kid got charged with assault and possession of a weapon. This was two teachers, not school security, breaking up a fight. I don't think there was any favoritism. Pulling two kids that are fighting apart isn't always neat and clean. permalink award report block reply ElevenMile 6 points 15 hours ago The black kid got charged with assault and position of a weapon. In my town you stab someone multiple times with a knife that's attempted murder permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 14 hours ago As it should be. permalink parent award report block reply
ElevenMile 6 points 15 hours ago The black kid got charged with assault and position of a weapon. In my town you stab someone multiple times with a knife that's attempted murder permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 14 hours ago As it should be. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 3 points 14 hours ago As it should be. permalink parent award report block reply
ElevenMile 4 points 15 hours ago Somalians are fucking garbage permalink award report block reply
jcd_007 4 points 15 hours ago I don’t remember this kind of stuff happening when I was in high school. Which wasn’t that long ago. permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 1 points 15 hours ago What were the demographics of your high school? permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 1 points 15 hours ago What were the demographics of your high school? permalink parent award report block reply
Shaffro 3 points 13 hours ago These thugs do not belong in America. I know where we can send them permalink award report block reply
Trump454748 2 points 11 hours ago Worst case of white supremacy I’ve seen in quite a while. permalink award report block reply