28 Posts criticizing the H1B decision are being deleted? What is the difference between this place and r/politics? posted 55 minutes ago by ChristiansAreIsrael 16 comments award share report block You don't have to agree with everything someone does. Being a yes man is being a stupid sheep. How is someone supposed to correct their course if you just blindly accept everything they do? Now im seeing posts criticizing it being deleted for being "trolls." How is this any different than r/politics deleting someones post who criticized obama??? I'm taking a break from this place and will wait for this place to chill the fuck out.
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Cville123 4 points 54 minutes ago What?????? permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 2 points 39 minutes ago You have attracted the bluehair's attention. State your objections in a calm, respectful, logical manner that promotes vigorous conversation.  Who knows?  One of Trump's minions might be reading. You could make a difference. permalink award report block reply BerettaStroker 1 points 10 minutes ago Because you can "report" any post and we got some real bitches that hang out here that bleed out of their "whatever" if you have an option that makes them rub their 2 brian cells together and doesn't praise Trump as the master of the universe. permalink award report block reply lostmyoldpassword 1 points 51 minutes ago We get all these neat scripps articles in the form of breaking news posts every 5-10 mins, that's something I guess. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 0 points 48 minutes ago Are they? permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 0 points 47 minutes ago Depends on if they are a person with an opinion or part of an organized campaign to cause division in MAGA. It's looking like it is the latter around here in the past week or so. permalink award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 5 points 45 minutes ago It isn't Maga to sell out the American citizen. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 0 points 38 minutes ago I agree. But when you see the exact same video posted 850 times when it's been pinned and everything else, it starts looking like an organized campaign. Whether it's about H1B or 50 year mortgages or the epstein files, you aren't adding to the conversation by reposting the exact same shit all day long. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 3 points 35 minutes ago People are enraged and rightfully so. We dont have a leader who notices, understands how to utilize, or even frankly cares about that rage. The end road of this is apathy and death for our people if we dont find a leader who does. And God help us if its the first person off the rack who happens to be more extreme than me. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 23 minutes ago Completely untrue. This is the first administration in my lifetime that is directly responsive to the American Citizens in real time. It might take a minute for it to reach him but you can contact DJT Jr, Eric, JD or anyone else in his cabinet and something gets done. It happened with Warp Speed and many other things. Trump has pivoted many times on unpopular decisions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... bleeje 1 points 40 minutes ago How do you define such an organized campaign? What does it look like? permalink parent award report block reply Hambonemcgee 0 points 47 minutes ago I have never had a comment deleted, granted I am more a commenter, rather than a poster but I am not universally supportive of the President if he does things that don't seem America First. permalink award report block reply bleeje 2 points 41 minutes ago Look at the comments below you, dude. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 3 points 44 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply NateHiggers68 2 points 39 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
Cville123 4 points 54 minutes ago What?????? permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 2 points 39 minutes ago You have attracted the bluehair's attention. State your objections in a calm, respectful, logical manner that promotes vigorous conversation.  Who knows?  One of Trump's minions might be reading. You could make a difference. permalink award report block reply
BerettaStroker 1 points 10 minutes ago Because you can "report" any post and we got some real bitches that hang out here that bleed out of their "whatever" if you have an option that makes them rub their 2 brian cells together and doesn't praise Trump as the master of the universe. permalink award report block reply
lostmyoldpassword 1 points 51 minutes ago We get all these neat scripps articles in the form of breaking news posts every 5-10 mins, that's something I guess. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 0 points 48 minutes ago Are they? permalink award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 0 points 47 minutes ago Depends on if they are a person with an opinion or part of an organized campaign to cause division in MAGA. It's looking like it is the latter around here in the past week or so. permalink award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 5 points 45 minutes ago It isn't Maga to sell out the American citizen. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 0 points 38 minutes ago I agree. But when you see the exact same video posted 850 times when it's been pinned and everything else, it starts looking like an organized campaign. Whether it's about H1B or 50 year mortgages or the epstein files, you aren't adding to the conversation by reposting the exact same shit all day long. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 3 points 35 minutes ago People are enraged and rightfully so. We dont have a leader who notices, understands how to utilize, or even frankly cares about that rage. The end road of this is apathy and death for our people if we dont find a leader who does. And God help us if its the first person off the rack who happens to be more extreme than me. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 23 minutes ago Completely untrue. This is the first administration in my lifetime that is directly responsive to the American Citizens in real time. It might take a minute for it to reach him but you can contact DJT Jr, Eric, JD or anyone else in his cabinet and something gets done. It happened with Warp Speed and many other things. Trump has pivoted many times on unpopular decisions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... bleeje 1 points 40 minutes ago How do you define such an organized campaign? What does it look like? permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 5 points 45 minutes ago It isn't Maga to sell out the American citizen. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 0 points 38 minutes ago I agree. But when you see the exact same video posted 850 times when it's been pinned and everything else, it starts looking like an organized campaign. Whether it's about H1B or 50 year mortgages or the epstein files, you aren't adding to the conversation by reposting the exact same shit all day long. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 3 points 35 minutes ago People are enraged and rightfully so. We dont have a leader who notices, understands how to utilize, or even frankly cares about that rage. The end road of this is apathy and death for our people if we dont find a leader who does. And God help us if its the first person off the rack who happens to be more extreme than me. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 23 minutes ago Completely untrue. This is the first administration in my lifetime that is directly responsive to the American Citizens in real time. It might take a minute for it to reach him but you can contact DJT Jr, Eric, JD or anyone else in his cabinet and something gets done. It happened with Warp Speed and many other things. Trump has pivoted many times on unpopular decisions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Apersonofinterest 0 points 38 minutes ago I agree. But when you see the exact same video posted 850 times when it's been pinned and everything else, it starts looking like an organized campaign. Whether it's about H1B or 50 year mortgages or the epstein files, you aren't adding to the conversation by reposting the exact same shit all day long. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 3 points 35 minutes ago People are enraged and rightfully so. We dont have a leader who notices, understands how to utilize, or even frankly cares about that rage. The end road of this is apathy and death for our people if we dont find a leader who does. And God help us if its the first person off the rack who happens to be more extreme than me. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 23 minutes ago Completely untrue. This is the first administration in my lifetime that is directly responsive to the American Citizens in real time. It might take a minute for it to reach him but you can contact DJT Jr, Eric, JD or anyone else in his cabinet and something gets done. It happened with Warp Speed and many other things. Trump has pivoted many times on unpopular decisions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Glory-Unto-God 3 points 35 minutes ago People are enraged and rightfully so. We dont have a leader who notices, understands how to utilize, or even frankly cares about that rage. The end road of this is apathy and death for our people if we dont find a leader who does. And God help us if its the first person off the rack who happens to be more extreme than me. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 1 points 23 minutes ago Completely untrue. This is the first administration in my lifetime that is directly responsive to the American Citizens in real time. It might take a minute for it to reach him but you can contact DJT Jr, Eric, JD or anyone else in his cabinet and something gets done. It happened with Warp Speed and many other things. Trump has pivoted many times on unpopular decisions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Apersonofinterest 1 points 23 minutes ago Completely untrue. This is the first administration in my lifetime that is directly responsive to the American Citizens in real time. It might take a minute for it to reach him but you can contact DJT Jr, Eric, JD or anyone else in his cabinet and something gets done. It happened with Warp Speed and many other things. Trump has pivoted many times on unpopular decisions. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
bleeje 1 points 40 minutes ago How do you define such an organized campaign? What does it look like? permalink parent award report block reply
Hambonemcgee 0 points 47 minutes ago I have never had a comment deleted, granted I am more a commenter, rather than a poster but I am not universally supportive of the President if he does things that don't seem America First. permalink award report block reply bleeje 2 points 41 minutes ago Look at the comments below you, dude. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje 2 points 41 minutes ago Look at the comments below you, dude. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 3 points 44 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
NateHiggers68 2 points 39 minutes ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply