1171 WITH RESPECT, HONOR AND GRATITUDE 🇺🇸 Thank you veterans 🇺🇸Taps plays at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery posted 1 day ago by grannylovestrump 23 comments award share report block VeBee🇺🇸✝️ @VeBo1991 • 1d WITH RESPECT, HONOR AND GRATITUDE 🇺🇸 Thank you veterans 🇺🇸Taps plays at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery 👇👇👇
23 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Trump-16-20-24-28-32 18 points 1 day ago Trumpet player here.  I've played Taps many times for all sorts of things... funerals, memorials, etc.  I've played at a baseball stadium in front of tens of thousands of people... I've played for famous political advocates (Jesse Jackson back in 2008 for an Obama fund raiser, sorry all, but I did get paid for it so at least I took some money from the event that would have gone to his campaign)... Taps is the most difficult song I've played... it's easy, you hold done one valve, but it's hard in that you can't just play it... it needs to be played perfectly.  It needs to be somber.  It needs to be the right speed, not to long, not to slow... your tone must be perfect, and the entire point is that everybody within an earshot is listening to every millisecond because there is nothing else happening.  The pressure to play it is immense... But it is also incredibly satisfying.  When you play it right, it's magical. I played it for a dedication my city did, a Veterans Park, and it was the opening ceremony.  What was cool is that the band I played in was playing for the opening ceremony which ended up being down the road where I lived at the time.  So, I was happy to volunteer to be the Taps player.  I nailed it... the mayor came up to me and said it was the best Taps he's ever heard. So next time you hear somebody playing Taps, give them a nod and let them know they did well (if they did well). Also, if they mess it up, crack a note, or whatever... forgive them because it is a very difficult song to play correctly. permalink award report block reply Indefatigable_Winner 14 points 24 hours ago I was there today. This player killed it in just above freezing weather. Amazing. permalink parent award report block reply USMC1234O10 9 points 24 hours ago I watched it while pumping iron in the gymnasium. It was an honor to watch. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 4 points 24 hours ago They do it every single day, and they are the best players in the world (see my comment above). permalink parent award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago That makes it even harder. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 1 points 24 hours ago That's awesome. I'd love to be in DC for veterans day next year. Arlington cemetery is amazing. Last time and only time I visited it was 95 out, so I didn't get to take my time as much as I'd like. Still was lots of fun to see. permalink parent award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 6 points 1 day ago Seems like an elaborate way to blow your own horn 😉 permalink parent award report block reply acoder 6 points 1 day ago Thank you. I just got a secondhand trumpet, and am excited to learn. permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 5 points 1 day ago fellow musician here. taps on brass is light years more difficult than the national anthem on guitar. good on you. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus -1 points 24 hours ago I’m an intermediate guitar player and can confirm the National Anthem was easier to learn than I thought it would be.  Learned to play it by ear.  Just know your major/minor scales and basic chord shapes and it’s easy to feel out. Edit: Who would downvote something like this?  I don’t even care about the fake internet points but lately I’ve gotten downvoted for some really benign comments.  I either have a bot following me or a hate follower (which would be kind of funny to be honest - have at it lol). permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 14 hours ago Meh, might’ve said something about fa 6 g ot ni66 er j ew 5 or something in a different thread and hurt someone’s fee fees. Who knows? permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 4 points 1 day ago that is a very interesting story! Thank you for sharing... permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... dahdahdah_dahditdah 10 points 1 day ago Why do we sticky memorials for the fallen on Veteran's Day, and then sticky tributes to living veterans on Memorial Day? Why is this so hard? Why are our mods so retarded? Ah well, we love 'em anyway, retardation and all. permalink award report block reply MagaJay02 3 points 24 hours ago Right. Veterans day is for the living. I'm not sure on the history, but I'm gonna go out on a limb and think it was a result of how mistreated Vietnam vets were by leftists, so they made a point to show nationwide appreciation to them? Could be totally wrong, I'm 30, so I wasn't around then obviously. Memorial day is for the dead veterans. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 3 points 20 hours ago Veterans Day was originally Armistice Day to celebrate the end of WWI.  The Armistice went into effect on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month. It was later changed to a celebration for all veterans of every war and the name was changed to Veterans Day in 1954 permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 0 points 19 hours ago My grandpa educated me on this tonight. Thanks for the comment friend. My mom took a video of him showing some pics of him in the Korean war. I'll try to lodt them and show to you guys. My grandpa's a badass. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 6 points 24 hours ago That’s what I did for the military-- I was in a Presidential band in DC.  Most active duty members don’t even know about this unit, bc it’s so incredibly hard to get in that they have to invite players from all around the country who are good enough, and then audition them.  When you’re in a Presidential band, you are assigned to the President of the United States and that is your permanent duty. and these  were the ceremonies we played for every day of the week.  Arlington  Cemetery is basically the Presidential Bands’ second home.  We play for funerals there of officers who died that rank high enough to have a band play at their funeral.  The trumpet players work more than anyone else bc if the guy didn’t rank high enough for a band, he gets a  trumpet player to play taps. Pretty sure that’s not the branch of service I was in, playing taps- the service I was in, the Presidnetial band trumpet players have a different style when they play taps. They’re happy today (the band members) bc the weather isn’t too cold or too hot. And vets- don’t come along and say to me “Man, I should have gone for the band!” bc I guarantee you probably wouldn’t have wanted to out in the years and years of isolation in a practice room.  Every Pres band member is so good that they can read, perfectly, any piece of music out in front of them (that’s called “sight reading.”  And most members have at least a bachelors degree in music performance- most, like me, have Master’s and many have doctorates. permalink award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago To remain anonymous, I won't share names... but I'm friends with a member of the President's Own, he has been a part of that band for a long time, so you probably know him. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 2 points 24 hours ago Wow what an impressive resume! permalink parent award report block reply TNgirl4Trump 6 points 23 hours ago My daughter was chosen to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier a few years ago on a school trip to D.C. It was one of my proudest moments as a parent. She had to undergo inspection beforehand to make sure she was dressed appropriately and that’s when her name was recorded in the register for posterity. A truly beautiful experience and honor! permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 5 points 23 hours ago Wow how cool is that. Yes, you must have been very proud! permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 2 points 1 day ago https://x.com/VeBo1991/status/1988294171317465110 permalink award report block reply MKhammett 1 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Trump-16-20-24-28-32 18 points 1 day ago Trumpet player here.  I've played Taps many times for all sorts of things... funerals, memorials, etc.  I've played at a baseball stadium in front of tens of thousands of people... I've played for famous political advocates (Jesse Jackson back in 2008 for an Obama fund raiser, sorry all, but I did get paid for it so at least I took some money from the event that would have gone to his campaign)... Taps is the most difficult song I've played... it's easy, you hold done one valve, but it's hard in that you can't just play it... it needs to be played perfectly.  It needs to be somber.  It needs to be the right speed, not to long, not to slow... your tone must be perfect, and the entire point is that everybody within an earshot is listening to every millisecond because there is nothing else happening.  The pressure to play it is immense... But it is also incredibly satisfying.  When you play it right, it's magical. I played it for a dedication my city did, a Veterans Park, and it was the opening ceremony.  What was cool is that the band I played in was playing for the opening ceremony which ended up being down the road where I lived at the time.  So, I was happy to volunteer to be the Taps player.  I nailed it... the mayor came up to me and said it was the best Taps he's ever heard. So next time you hear somebody playing Taps, give them a nod and let them know they did well (if they did well). Also, if they mess it up, crack a note, or whatever... forgive them because it is a very difficult song to play correctly. permalink award report block reply Indefatigable_Winner 14 points 24 hours ago I was there today. This player killed it in just above freezing weather. Amazing. permalink parent award report block reply USMC1234O10 9 points 24 hours ago I watched it while pumping iron in the gymnasium. It was an honor to watch. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 4 points 24 hours ago They do it every single day, and they are the best players in the world (see my comment above). permalink parent award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago That makes it even harder. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 1 points 24 hours ago That's awesome. I'd love to be in DC for veterans day next year. Arlington cemetery is amazing. Last time and only time I visited it was 95 out, so I didn't get to take my time as much as I'd like. Still was lots of fun to see. permalink parent award report block reply Kraken_V_Algorithm 6 points 1 day ago Seems like an elaborate way to blow your own horn 😉 permalink parent award report block reply acoder 6 points 1 day ago Thank you. I just got a secondhand trumpet, and am excited to learn. permalink parent award report block reply bearhugprolapse 5 points 1 day ago fellow musician here. taps on brass is light years more difficult than the national anthem on guitar. good on you. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus -1 points 24 hours ago I’m an intermediate guitar player and can confirm the National Anthem was easier to learn than I thought it would be.  Learned to play it by ear.  Just know your major/minor scales and basic chord shapes and it’s easy to feel out. Edit: Who would downvote something like this?  I don’t even care about the fake internet points but lately I’ve gotten downvoted for some really benign comments.  I either have a bot following me or a hate follower (which would be kind of funny to be honest - have at it lol). permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 14 hours ago Meh, might’ve said something about fa 6 g ot ni66 er j ew 5 or something in a different thread and hurt someone’s fee fees. Who knows? permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 4 points 1 day ago that is a very interesting story! Thank you for sharing... permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
Indefatigable_Winner 14 points 24 hours ago I was there today. This player killed it in just above freezing weather. Amazing. permalink parent award report block reply USMC1234O10 9 points 24 hours ago I watched it while pumping iron in the gymnasium. It was an honor to watch. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyTitties4 4 points 24 hours ago They do it every single day, and they are the best players in the world (see my comment above). permalink parent award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago That makes it even harder. permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 1 points 24 hours ago That's awesome. I'd love to be in DC for veterans day next year. Arlington cemetery is amazing. Last time and only time I visited it was 95 out, so I didn't get to take my time as much as I'd like. Still was lots of fun to see. permalink parent award report block reply
USMC1234O10 9 points 24 hours ago I watched it while pumping iron in the gymnasium. It was an honor to watch. permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 4 points 24 hours ago They do it every single day, and they are the best players in the world (see my comment above). permalink parent award report block reply
Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago That makes it even harder. permalink parent award report block reply
MagaJay02 1 points 24 hours ago That's awesome. I'd love to be in DC for veterans day next year. Arlington cemetery is amazing. Last time and only time I visited it was 95 out, so I didn't get to take my time as much as I'd like. Still was lots of fun to see. permalink parent award report block reply
Kraken_V_Algorithm 6 points 1 day ago Seems like an elaborate way to blow your own horn 😉 permalink parent award report block reply
acoder 6 points 1 day ago Thank you. I just got a secondhand trumpet, and am excited to learn. permalink parent award report block reply
bearhugprolapse 5 points 1 day ago fellow musician here. taps on brass is light years more difficult than the national anthem on guitar. good on you. permalink parent award report block reply Tele_Plus -1 points 24 hours ago I’m an intermediate guitar player and can confirm the National Anthem was easier to learn than I thought it would be.  Learned to play it by ear.  Just know your major/minor scales and basic chord shapes and it’s easy to feel out. Edit: Who would downvote something like this?  I don’t even care about the fake internet points but lately I’ve gotten downvoted for some really benign comments.  I either have a bot following me or a hate follower (which would be kind of funny to be honest - have at it lol). permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 14 hours ago Meh, might’ve said something about fa 6 g ot ni66 er j ew 5 or something in a different thread and hurt someone’s fee fees. Who knows? permalink parent award report block reply
Tele_Plus -1 points 24 hours ago I’m an intermediate guitar player and can confirm the National Anthem was easier to learn than I thought it would be.  Learned to play it by ear.  Just know your major/minor scales and basic chord shapes and it’s easy to feel out. Edit: Who would downvote something like this?  I don’t even care about the fake internet points but lately I’ve gotten downvoted for some really benign comments.  I either have a bot following me or a hate follower (which would be kind of funny to be honest - have at it lol). permalink parent award report block reply Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 14 hours ago Meh, might’ve said something about fa 6 g ot ni66 er j ew 5 or something in a different thread and hurt someone’s fee fees. Who knows? permalink parent award report block reply
Sugz_Da_Feefth 1 points 14 hours ago Meh, might’ve said something about fa 6 g ot ni66 er j ew 5 or something in a different thread and hurt someone’s fee fees. Who knows? permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 4 points 1 day ago that is a very interesting story! Thank you for sharing... permalink parent award report block reply
dahdahdah_dahditdah 10 points 1 day ago Why do we sticky memorials for the fallen on Veteran's Day, and then sticky tributes to living veterans on Memorial Day? Why is this so hard? Why are our mods so retarded? Ah well, we love 'em anyway, retardation and all. permalink award report block reply MagaJay02 3 points 24 hours ago Right. Veterans day is for the living. I'm not sure on the history, but I'm gonna go out on a limb and think it was a result of how mistreated Vietnam vets were by leftists, so they made a point to show nationwide appreciation to them? Could be totally wrong, I'm 30, so I wasn't around then obviously. Memorial day is for the dead veterans. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 3 points 20 hours ago Veterans Day was originally Armistice Day to celebrate the end of WWI.  The Armistice went into effect on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month. It was later changed to a celebration for all veterans of every war and the name was changed to Veterans Day in 1954 permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 0 points 19 hours ago My grandpa educated me on this tonight. Thanks for the comment friend. My mom took a video of him showing some pics of him in the Korean war. I'll try to lodt them and show to you guys. My grandpa's a badass. permalink parent award report block reply
MagaJay02 3 points 24 hours ago Right. Veterans day is for the living. I'm not sure on the history, but I'm gonna go out on a limb and think it was a result of how mistreated Vietnam vets were by leftists, so they made a point to show nationwide appreciation to them? Could be totally wrong, I'm 30, so I wasn't around then obviously. Memorial day is for the dead veterans. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 3 points 20 hours ago Veterans Day was originally Armistice Day to celebrate the end of WWI.  The Armistice went into effect on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month. It was later changed to a celebration for all veterans of every war and the name was changed to Veterans Day in 1954 permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 0 points 19 hours ago My grandpa educated me on this tonight. Thanks for the comment friend. My mom took a video of him showing some pics of him in the Korean war. I'll try to lodt them and show to you guys. My grandpa's a badass. permalink parent award report block reply
CharlieMike 3 points 20 hours ago Veterans Day was originally Armistice Day to celebrate the end of WWI.  The Armistice went into effect on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month. It was later changed to a celebration for all veterans of every war and the name was changed to Veterans Day in 1954 permalink parent award report block reply MagaJay02 0 points 19 hours ago My grandpa educated me on this tonight. Thanks for the comment friend. My mom took a video of him showing some pics of him in the Korean war. I'll try to lodt them and show to you guys. My grandpa's a badass. permalink parent award report block reply
MagaJay02 0 points 19 hours ago My grandpa educated me on this tonight. Thanks for the comment friend. My mom took a video of him showing some pics of him in the Korean war. I'll try to lodt them and show to you guys. My grandpa's a badass. permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyTitties4 6 points 24 hours ago That’s what I did for the military-- I was in a Presidential band in DC.  Most active duty members don’t even know about this unit, bc it’s so incredibly hard to get in that they have to invite players from all around the country who are good enough, and then audition them.  When you’re in a Presidential band, you are assigned to the President of the United States and that is your permanent duty. and these  were the ceremonies we played for every day of the week.  Arlington  Cemetery is basically the Presidential Bands’ second home.  We play for funerals there of officers who died that rank high enough to have a band play at their funeral.  The trumpet players work more than anyone else bc if the guy didn’t rank high enough for a band, he gets a  trumpet player to play taps. Pretty sure that’s not the branch of service I was in, playing taps- the service I was in, the Presidnetial band trumpet players have a different style when they play taps. They’re happy today (the band members) bc the weather isn’t too cold or too hot. And vets- don’t come along and say to me “Man, I should have gone for the band!” bc I guarantee you probably wouldn’t have wanted to out in the years and years of isolation in a practice room.  Every Pres band member is so good that they can read, perfectly, any piece of music out in front of them (that’s called “sight reading.”  And most members have at least a bachelors degree in music performance- most, like me, have Master’s and many have doctorates. permalink award report block reply Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago To remain anonymous, I won't share names... but I'm friends with a member of the President's Own, he has been a part of that band for a long time, so you probably know him. permalink parent award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 2 points 24 hours ago Wow what an impressive resume! permalink parent award report block reply
Trump-16-20-24-28-32 3 points 24 hours ago To remain anonymous, I won't share names... but I'm friends with a member of the President's Own, he has been a part of that band for a long time, so you probably know him. permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 2 points 24 hours ago Wow what an impressive resume! permalink parent award report block reply
TNgirl4Trump 6 points 23 hours ago My daughter was chosen to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier a few years ago on a school trip to D.C. It was one of my proudest moments as a parent. She had to undergo inspection beforehand to make sure she was dressed appropriately and that’s when her name was recorded in the register for posterity. A truly beautiful experience and honor! permalink award report block reply grannylovestrump OP 5 points 23 hours ago Wow how cool is that. Yes, you must have been very proud! permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 5 points 23 hours ago Wow how cool is that. Yes, you must have been very proud! permalink parent award report block reply
grannylovestrump OP 2 points 1 day ago https://x.com/VeBo1991/status/1988294171317465110 permalink award report block reply
MKhammett 1 points 23 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply