473 Repeal the 19th is trending posted 7 days ago by CyanScales 45 comments award share report block Dale Partridge @dalepartridge • 7d Repeal the 19th Amendment and restore the household vote.
45 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style LookFatty 26 points 7 days ago Mic-Drop. Nailed it. I've been saying this for years. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 7 points 7 days ago how in the fuck could you repeal it? permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco 10 points 7 days ago NBA vs WNBA tournament. Winner gets the vote. Then when men win they will cry that it's not fair since men are stronger, faster, and better at athletics. We'll say "exactly and that's one of the many things you supported with your vote so now it's gone" permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 8 points 7 days ago Tie it in with student loan debt forgiveness and welfare, the trick to getting what you want from women is to lead them by their own flaws, if they're self centered then fluff their ego, if they're materialistic they can be bought... permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 1 points 5 days ago Ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply 711WasAPartTimeJob 7 points 6 days ago You don’t. You just take it away. If men collectively decided women couldn’t vote anymore, what would anybody do to stop it? permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 6 days ago Maybe we could have separate voting booths for women, and just make them like the play kitchen sets we give children?  They can fill out the ballot, press buttons, get an 'I Voted!' sticker they can wear, but their 'votes' won't count? permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 6 days ago Offer it up as a vote on the basis women will never pay taxes again if it passes. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago never get drafted permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... ESAsher 20 points 7 days ago Unfortunately a logical argument is the last thing that will convince the people we need to convince, namely women. permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 9 points 7 days ago We have to figure out how to make women associate being a traditional housewife with social status, because thats what young women care about their place in the pecking order. All the most powerful women in conservatism need to be traditional married women with children, the virtuous virgin needs to be the most attractive female archetype. Everything goes back to restoring Christianity as the foundations of American society. permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 7 points 7 days ago Agreed.  The fact that feminism managed to convince women that being a Proverbs 31 wife was worse than being a corporate wage slave is proof it can be done. permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden -1 points 7 days ago Yeah, most people don’t like their rights being taken away from them. Most people also don’t like the rights of their loved ones being taken away, such as my wife and daughters. I’d rather them be able to have the same rights as you and me. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 6 points 7 days ago You say you're worried about the rights of women being taken away, and I believe you, but women voting is one of the main reasons their rights are at risk of being taken away. You've seen the chart of what the country would be like if only men voted, right? permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 6 days ago Here’s the thing, I get what you’re saying. I really do. What I’m saying is if women’s right to vote is taken away that makes them lesser than us. I don’t want to live in a country where laws about women are being made and my wife and daughters have no voice in the matter. I don’t want to live in a country where my sons grow up feeling as if they’re better than their mama or their sisters because they have more rights than them. That’s where I’m coming from. Also thanks for being the only reply that actually had an argument. I appreciate that. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 1 points 6 days ago I'm not sure it makes women lesser. It just acknowledges that we're different. But one thing I keep realizing about life is, we don't get to make the choices we would like to make. In this case we may have a choice between going back to the US before the 19th amendment, or going back to the 7th century in the Middle East. But actually we probably don't even get to make that choice. The nation may just collapse because we keep electing criminals. I have to lay some of the blame on women voting, because it looks like we'd be in a lot better shape if they didn't. permalink parent award report block reply VoldemarBGuerta 5 points 7 days ago Tell them to stop voting for leftist retards that want us all dead, then. permalink parent award report block reply Bouldabassed 4 points 6 days ago So virtuous that you'd rather they live in a shithole versus a society with a fighting chance as long as they can vote or some shit. Something 90% of people throughout all of history could never do. permalink parent award report block reply Pickles76 2 points 6 days ago As a woman this issue is a difficult one.  I appreciate and respect your view of equality when it comes to citizen rights.  Some here have suggested a payoff to women, maybe they aren’t drafted, maybe they get to stay on welfare.  I think we should go back to founding principles- only natural citizens who are land owners/tax payers.  If a woman owns property, pays taxes, perhaps this could reduce a large number of liberals, albeit not all. I agree with this video wholeheartedly- liberal woman are too subjective to make difficult, rational, logical decisions.  I don’t think women should hold political offices, even conservative women. The problem I have as a woman is this: there are men in this world who do not represent my beliefs, my values, and I do not want them deciding for me what is best for me and my family.  Look what is happening in NY, those Muslim men will decide for me??  Look where I live in CA.  Are our “elected officials” deciding what is best for me??  For my son??  For my white husband??  The problem is bigger than women voting.  This country is a mess.  And until we remove the parasites, usurpers, terrorists, etc, I’d like to hold on to my vote.  If we could truly return America to a Christian nation where I feel the men in my country can properly speak for me, then I’d be willing to appeal the 19th. And I will finish by saying this: liberal women are a major contributor to the destruction of our country, but conservative women are working very hard to promote God, country and family.  Very few on this site acknowledge that, we are simply lumped in with liberal women and told we should have our voice silenced because of the misdeeds of others.  So should men lose their right to vote because of beta liberal men who vote for anti-American policies? permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 1 points 7 days ago luckily right now everything is a right so... if you're going to do a constitutional convention- this is the time. Especially after you cut food stamps. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 15 points 7 days ago The founders knew what they were doing by not allowing it. Should have NEVER been made legal. permalink award report block reply medicpatriot 11 points 7 days ago 100% repeal permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 10 points 7 days ago The quickest most efficient way to take the vote away from women is to make it a requirement for eligibility to be a net tax payer, only a small percentage of women contribute more than they take out of the system. This is probably the only realistic way of getting it done. permalink award report block reply VoteThing 9 points 7 days ago I don't think we'll ever get this, but it's basically right. permalink award report block reply Hangemh1gh 9 points 7 days ago The problem is that the toothpaste has already been squeezed. There's no putting it back without draconian measures permalink award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco 8 points 7 days ago Only those eligible for the draft should be able to vote. Give women the choice and they will suddenly become Sandwich artists. permalink award report block reply TheChillingEffect 7 points 7 days ago Inquiring minds think alike. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK0UbLuL/on-the-bright-side-the-19th-amen/c permalink award report block reply SpeekFreely 6 points 7 days ago They won’t be voting once the Muslims and Sharia Law take over./s permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 3 points 7 days ago I’m not sure I agree with getting rid of the 19th amendment. However, he makes an excellent point.   For the last 20 years by town in a deep blue state has been republican lead. Six years ago, it flipped to the Democrat Democrats and was an absolute disaster with the largest tax increase in town history.  Then they lost in spectacular fashion. This cycle, thanks to lots of gullible women voters, the Democrats won again. It is kind of scary the way they think. They’re killing me up with all sorts of amazing ideas they think might work, like have the facilities department track equipment they own, scheduled repairs, major repairs that will be needed in the future, have talent administrators, talk to employee employees to make sure they have what they need to do their job.  They just can’t grasp that this already happens and is tracked and is a massive driver of how they create budgets for things like maintenance. It’s all about feelings. permalink award report block reply indigo_truther 2 points 6 days ago Most of my friends would just hand their ballot to their wives to fill out while they watch football. permalink award report block reply Beardholder 1 points 6 days ago The Bible says very clearly You'll know when your nation is a cursed when women and children lead. We are here. Our nation is cursed and we allow the murderer , the false prophets, the wicked, the sexually perverted , the Corrupt and the haters of Christ lead and rule . And we Americans haven't killed and hung on a rope any of them.
We are to enact justice and judgement against the wicked every day.
Yet we do nothing. The duty and honor of the saints is judgement and punishment to wicked Men and women. Psalm 149 5-9 permalink award report block reply TexasBrowncoat 1 points 6 days ago When the Muslims are in power, the women will lose ALL their rights and not be able to cause trouble. Of course, the rest of us will be fucked... permalink award report block reply budgsxr 1 points 6 days ago Well women are voting for their own destruction. They’re that stupid. Let them vote for Islam and then they’ll get that sharia law they so desperately want then all their so called rights will vanish. They won’t be able to vote or much less speak. They’re fucking idiots. permalink award report block reply ReturnOfSmarm 1 points 6 days ago Toothpaste is out of the tube.  Good luck. permalink award report block reply Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 6 days ago Just make it illegal for women to own cats. The degree of "Suicidal Empathy" is directly related to how many cats a woman owns. permalink award report block reply milpede0306 -1 points 7 days ago Why, no my good man. Tis not good women can vote in America. permalink award report block reply PastorCharles -1 points 7 days ago Oh, cool, another self-important edgelord who crawled out from underneath the Stone Choir. permalink award report block reply Conspiracytheorist -3 points 7 days ago While us here do agree to with this thinking, unfortunately it'll never change. Men need to get the fuck up and vote more than women is honestly the only real solution going forward. permalink award report block reply TrumpRideorDie74 4 points 7 days ago Ya "let's vote harder" because that's been a big win over the past few decades. permalink parent award report block reply Conspiracytheorist 0 points 6 days ago The moment they say women can’t vote we might as well be throwing a burka on them. Let’s be grounded in reality. It won’t happen. permalink parent award report block reply Greenhills -3 points 7 days ago Eye roll. permalink award report block reply _Liberty_Prime_ -9 points 7 days ago Repeal the 19th is Shariah. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 12 points 7 days ago Not in the slightest. It encourages marriage and strong family values. It also gives men more responsibility by representing their household. Look at voter turnout.  Its always sub 50%. The women that do vote are single and vote to murder their own children. Men that own property should be the only voters. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 7 days ago FatigueIsReal 3 points 7 days ago I would say far too impressionable as well. permalink parent award report block reply
LookFatty 26 points 7 days ago Mic-Drop. Nailed it. I've been saying this for years. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 7 points 7 days ago how in the fuck could you repeal it? permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco 10 points 7 days ago NBA vs WNBA tournament. Winner gets the vote. Then when men win they will cry that it's not fair since men are stronger, faster, and better at athletics. We'll say "exactly and that's one of the many things you supported with your vote so now it's gone" permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 8 points 7 days ago Tie it in with student loan debt forgiveness and welfare, the trick to getting what you want from women is to lead them by their own flaws, if they're self centered then fluff their ego, if they're materialistic they can be bought... permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 1 points 5 days ago Ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply 711WasAPartTimeJob 7 points 6 days ago You don’t. You just take it away. If men collectively decided women couldn’t vote anymore, what would anybody do to stop it? permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 6 days ago Maybe we could have separate voting booths for women, and just make them like the play kitchen sets we give children?  They can fill out the ballot, press buttons, get an 'I Voted!' sticker they can wear, but their 'votes' won't count? permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 6 days ago Offer it up as a vote on the basis women will never pay taxes again if it passes. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago never get drafted permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
cyberrigger 7 points 7 days ago how in the fuck could you repeal it? permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco 10 points 7 days ago NBA vs WNBA tournament. Winner gets the vote. Then when men win they will cry that it's not fair since men are stronger, faster, and better at athletics. We'll say "exactly and that's one of the many things you supported with your vote so now it's gone" permalink parent award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 8 points 7 days ago Tie it in with student loan debt forgiveness and welfare, the trick to getting what you want from women is to lead them by their own flaws, if they're self centered then fluff their ego, if they're materialistic they can be bought... permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 1 points 5 days ago Ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply 711WasAPartTimeJob 7 points 6 days ago You don’t. You just take it away. If men collectively decided women couldn’t vote anymore, what would anybody do to stop it? permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 3 points 6 days ago Maybe we could have separate voting booths for women, and just make them like the play kitchen sets we give children?  They can fill out the ballot, press buttons, get an 'I Voted!' sticker they can wear, but their 'votes' won't count? permalink parent award report block reply Millie1234 2 points 6 days ago Offer it up as a vote on the basis women will never pay taxes again if it passes. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago never get drafted permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
DemPanicAtTheDisco 10 points 7 days ago NBA vs WNBA tournament. Winner gets the vote. Then when men win they will cry that it's not fair since men are stronger, faster, and better at athletics. We'll say "exactly and that's one of the many things you supported with your vote so now it's gone" permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 8 points 7 days ago Tie it in with student loan debt forgiveness and welfare, the trick to getting what you want from women is to lead them by their own flaws, if they're self centered then fluff their ego, if they're materialistic they can be bought... permalink parent award report block reply 45ichooseu 1 points 5 days ago Ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply
45ichooseu 1 points 5 days ago Ding ding ding permalink parent award report block reply
711WasAPartTimeJob 7 points 6 days ago You don’t. You just take it away. If men collectively decided women couldn’t vote anymore, what would anybody do to stop it? permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 3 points 6 days ago Maybe we could have separate voting booths for women, and just make them like the play kitchen sets we give children?  They can fill out the ballot, press buttons, get an 'I Voted!' sticker they can wear, but their 'votes' won't count? permalink parent award report block reply
Millie1234 2 points 6 days ago Offer it up as a vote on the basis women will never pay taxes again if it passes. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago never get drafted permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 2 points 6 days ago never get drafted permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 20 points 7 days ago Unfortunately a logical argument is the last thing that will convince the people we need to convince, namely women. permalink award report block reply RedPillosopher1776 9 points 7 days ago We have to figure out how to make women associate being a traditional housewife with social status, because thats what young women care about their place in the pecking order. All the most powerful women in conservatism need to be traditional married women with children, the virtuous virgin needs to be the most attractive female archetype. Everything goes back to restoring Christianity as the foundations of American society. permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 7 points 7 days ago Agreed.  The fact that feminism managed to convince women that being a Proverbs 31 wife was worse than being a corporate wage slave is proof it can be done. permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden -1 points 7 days ago Yeah, most people don’t like their rights being taken away from them. Most people also don’t like the rights of their loved ones being taken away, such as my wife and daughters. I’d rather them be able to have the same rights as you and me. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 6 points 7 days ago You say you're worried about the rights of women being taken away, and I believe you, but women voting is one of the main reasons their rights are at risk of being taken away. You've seen the chart of what the country would be like if only men voted, right? permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 6 days ago Here’s the thing, I get what you’re saying. I really do. What I’m saying is if women’s right to vote is taken away that makes them lesser than us. I don’t want to live in a country where laws about women are being made and my wife and daughters have no voice in the matter. I don’t want to live in a country where my sons grow up feeling as if they’re better than their mama or their sisters because they have more rights than them. That’s where I’m coming from. Also thanks for being the only reply that actually had an argument. I appreciate that. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 1 points 6 days ago I'm not sure it makes women lesser. It just acknowledges that we're different. But one thing I keep realizing about life is, we don't get to make the choices we would like to make. In this case we may have a choice between going back to the US before the 19th amendment, or going back to the 7th century in the Middle East. But actually we probably don't even get to make that choice. The nation may just collapse because we keep electing criminals. I have to lay some of the blame on women voting, because it looks like we'd be in a lot better shape if they didn't. permalink parent award report block reply VoldemarBGuerta 5 points 7 days ago Tell them to stop voting for leftist retards that want us all dead, then. permalink parent award report block reply Bouldabassed 4 points 6 days ago So virtuous that you'd rather they live in a shithole versus a society with a fighting chance as long as they can vote or some shit. Something 90% of people throughout all of history could never do. permalink parent award report block reply Pickles76 2 points 6 days ago As a woman this issue is a difficult one.  I appreciate and respect your view of equality when it comes to citizen rights.  Some here have suggested a payoff to women, maybe they aren’t drafted, maybe they get to stay on welfare.  I think we should go back to founding principles- only natural citizens who are land owners/tax payers.  If a woman owns property, pays taxes, perhaps this could reduce a large number of liberals, albeit not all. I agree with this video wholeheartedly- liberal woman are too subjective to make difficult, rational, logical decisions.  I don’t think women should hold political offices, even conservative women. The problem I have as a woman is this: there are men in this world who do not represent my beliefs, my values, and I do not want them deciding for me what is best for me and my family.  Look what is happening in NY, those Muslim men will decide for me??  Look where I live in CA.  Are our “elected officials” deciding what is best for me??  For my son??  For my white husband??  The problem is bigger than women voting.  This country is a mess.  And until we remove the parasites, usurpers, terrorists, etc, I’d like to hold on to my vote.  If we could truly return America to a Christian nation where I feel the men in my country can properly speak for me, then I’d be willing to appeal the 19th. And I will finish by saying this: liberal women are a major contributor to the destruction of our country, but conservative women are working very hard to promote God, country and family.  Very few on this site acknowledge that, we are simply lumped in with liberal women and told we should have our voice silenced because of the misdeeds of others.  So should men lose their right to vote because of beta liberal men who vote for anti-American policies? permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 1 points 7 days ago luckily right now everything is a right so... if you're going to do a constitutional convention- this is the time. Especially after you cut food stamps. permalink parent award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 9 points 7 days ago We have to figure out how to make women associate being a traditional housewife with social status, because thats what young women care about their place in the pecking order. All the most powerful women in conservatism need to be traditional married women with children, the virtuous virgin needs to be the most attractive female archetype. Everything goes back to restoring Christianity as the foundations of American society. permalink parent award report block reply ESAsher 7 points 7 days ago Agreed.  The fact that feminism managed to convince women that being a Proverbs 31 wife was worse than being a corporate wage slave is proof it can be done. permalink parent award report block reply
ESAsher 7 points 7 days ago Agreed.  The fact that feminism managed to convince women that being a Proverbs 31 wife was worse than being a corporate wage slave is proof it can be done. permalink parent award report block reply
AliceCooperBiden -1 points 7 days ago Yeah, most people don’t like their rights being taken away from them. Most people also don’t like the rights of their loved ones being taken away, such as my wife and daughters. I’d rather them be able to have the same rights as you and me. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 6 points 7 days ago You say you're worried about the rights of women being taken away, and I believe you, but women voting is one of the main reasons their rights are at risk of being taken away. You've seen the chart of what the country would be like if only men voted, right? permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 6 days ago Here’s the thing, I get what you’re saying. I really do. What I’m saying is if women’s right to vote is taken away that makes them lesser than us. I don’t want to live in a country where laws about women are being made and my wife and daughters have no voice in the matter. I don’t want to live in a country where my sons grow up feeling as if they’re better than their mama or their sisters because they have more rights than them. That’s where I’m coming from. Also thanks for being the only reply that actually had an argument. I appreciate that. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 1 points 6 days ago I'm not sure it makes women lesser. It just acknowledges that we're different. But one thing I keep realizing about life is, we don't get to make the choices we would like to make. In this case we may have a choice between going back to the US before the 19th amendment, or going back to the 7th century in the Middle East. But actually we probably don't even get to make that choice. The nation may just collapse because we keep electing criminals. I have to lay some of the blame on women voting, because it looks like we'd be in a lot better shape if they didn't. permalink parent award report block reply VoldemarBGuerta 5 points 7 days ago Tell them to stop voting for leftist retards that want us all dead, then. permalink parent award report block reply Bouldabassed 4 points 6 days ago So virtuous that you'd rather they live in a shithole versus a society with a fighting chance as long as they can vote or some shit. Something 90% of people throughout all of history could never do. permalink parent award report block reply Pickles76 2 points 6 days ago As a woman this issue is a difficult one.  I appreciate and respect your view of equality when it comes to citizen rights.  Some here have suggested a payoff to women, maybe they aren’t drafted, maybe they get to stay on welfare.  I think we should go back to founding principles- only natural citizens who are land owners/tax payers.  If a woman owns property, pays taxes, perhaps this could reduce a large number of liberals, albeit not all. I agree with this video wholeheartedly- liberal woman are too subjective to make difficult, rational, logical decisions.  I don’t think women should hold political offices, even conservative women. The problem I have as a woman is this: there are men in this world who do not represent my beliefs, my values, and I do not want them deciding for me what is best for me and my family.  Look what is happening in NY, those Muslim men will decide for me??  Look where I live in CA.  Are our “elected officials” deciding what is best for me??  For my son??  For my white husband??  The problem is bigger than women voting.  This country is a mess.  And until we remove the parasites, usurpers, terrorists, etc, I’d like to hold on to my vote.  If we could truly return America to a Christian nation where I feel the men in my country can properly speak for me, then I’d be willing to appeal the 19th. And I will finish by saying this: liberal women are a major contributor to the destruction of our country, but conservative women are working very hard to promote God, country and family.  Very few on this site acknowledge that, we are simply lumped in with liberal women and told we should have our voice silenced because of the misdeeds of others.  So should men lose their right to vote because of beta liberal men who vote for anti-American policies? permalink parent award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 1 points 7 days ago luckily right now everything is a right so... if you're going to do a constitutional convention- this is the time. Especially after you cut food stamps. permalink parent award report block reply
VoteThing 6 points 7 days ago You say you're worried about the rights of women being taken away, and I believe you, but women voting is one of the main reasons their rights are at risk of being taken away. You've seen the chart of what the country would be like if only men voted, right? permalink parent award report block reply AliceCooperBiden 3 points 6 days ago Here’s the thing, I get what you’re saying. I really do. What I’m saying is if women’s right to vote is taken away that makes them lesser than us. I don’t want to live in a country where laws about women are being made and my wife and daughters have no voice in the matter. I don’t want to live in a country where my sons grow up feeling as if they’re better than their mama or their sisters because they have more rights than them. That’s where I’m coming from. Also thanks for being the only reply that actually had an argument. I appreciate that. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 1 points 6 days ago I'm not sure it makes women lesser. It just acknowledges that we're different. But one thing I keep realizing about life is, we don't get to make the choices we would like to make. In this case we may have a choice between going back to the US before the 19th amendment, or going back to the 7th century in the Middle East. But actually we probably don't even get to make that choice. The nation may just collapse because we keep electing criminals. I have to lay some of the blame on women voting, because it looks like we'd be in a lot better shape if they didn't. permalink parent award report block reply
AliceCooperBiden 3 points 6 days ago Here’s the thing, I get what you’re saying. I really do. What I’m saying is if women’s right to vote is taken away that makes them lesser than us. I don’t want to live in a country where laws about women are being made and my wife and daughters have no voice in the matter. I don’t want to live in a country where my sons grow up feeling as if they’re better than their mama or their sisters because they have more rights than them. That’s where I’m coming from. Also thanks for being the only reply that actually had an argument. I appreciate that. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 1 points 6 days ago I'm not sure it makes women lesser. It just acknowledges that we're different. But one thing I keep realizing about life is, we don't get to make the choices we would like to make. In this case we may have a choice between going back to the US before the 19th amendment, or going back to the 7th century in the Middle East. But actually we probably don't even get to make that choice. The nation may just collapse because we keep electing criminals. I have to lay some of the blame on women voting, because it looks like we'd be in a lot better shape if they didn't. permalink parent award report block reply
VoteThing 1 points 6 days ago I'm not sure it makes women lesser. It just acknowledges that we're different. But one thing I keep realizing about life is, we don't get to make the choices we would like to make. In this case we may have a choice between going back to the US before the 19th amendment, or going back to the 7th century in the Middle East. But actually we probably don't even get to make that choice. The nation may just collapse because we keep electing criminals. I have to lay some of the blame on women voting, because it looks like we'd be in a lot better shape if they didn't. permalink parent award report block reply
VoldemarBGuerta 5 points 7 days ago Tell them to stop voting for leftist retards that want us all dead, then. permalink parent award report block reply
Bouldabassed 4 points 6 days ago So virtuous that you'd rather they live in a shithole versus a society with a fighting chance as long as they can vote or some shit. Something 90% of people throughout all of history could never do. permalink parent award report block reply
Pickles76 2 points 6 days ago As a woman this issue is a difficult one.  I appreciate and respect your view of equality when it comes to citizen rights.  Some here have suggested a payoff to women, maybe they aren’t drafted, maybe they get to stay on welfare.  I think we should go back to founding principles- only natural citizens who are land owners/tax payers.  If a woman owns property, pays taxes, perhaps this could reduce a large number of liberals, albeit not all. I agree with this video wholeheartedly- liberal woman are too subjective to make difficult, rational, logical decisions.  I don’t think women should hold political offices, even conservative women. The problem I have as a woman is this: there are men in this world who do not represent my beliefs, my values, and I do not want them deciding for me what is best for me and my family.  Look what is happening in NY, those Muslim men will decide for me??  Look where I live in CA.  Are our “elected officials” deciding what is best for me??  For my son??  For my white husband??  The problem is bigger than women voting.  This country is a mess.  And until we remove the parasites, usurpers, terrorists, etc, I’d like to hold on to my vote.  If we could truly return America to a Christian nation where I feel the men in my country can properly speak for me, then I’d be willing to appeal the 19th. And I will finish by saying this: liberal women are a major contributor to the destruction of our country, but conservative women are working very hard to promote God, country and family.  Very few on this site acknowledge that, we are simply lumped in with liberal women and told we should have our voice silenced because of the misdeeds of others.  So should men lose their right to vote because of beta liberal men who vote for anti-American policies? permalink parent award report block reply
Purebloodsupreme 1 points 7 days ago luckily right now everything is a right so... if you're going to do a constitutional convention- this is the time. Especially after you cut food stamps. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 15 points 7 days ago The founders knew what they were doing by not allowing it. Should have NEVER been made legal. permalink award report block reply
medicpatriot 11 points 7 days ago 100% repeal permalink award report block reply
RedPillosopher1776 10 points 7 days ago The quickest most efficient way to take the vote away from women is to make it a requirement for eligibility to be a net tax payer, only a small percentage of women contribute more than they take out of the system. This is probably the only realistic way of getting it done. permalink award report block reply
VoteThing 9 points 7 days ago I don't think we'll ever get this, but it's basically right. permalink award report block reply
Hangemh1gh 9 points 7 days ago The problem is that the toothpaste has already been squeezed. There's no putting it back without draconian measures permalink award report block reply
DemPanicAtTheDisco 8 points 7 days ago Only those eligible for the draft should be able to vote. Give women the choice and they will suddenly become Sandwich artists. permalink award report block reply
TheChillingEffect 7 points 7 days ago Inquiring minds think alike. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK0UbLuL/on-the-bright-side-the-19th-amen/c permalink award report block reply
SpeekFreely 6 points 7 days ago They won’t be voting once the Muslims and Sharia Law take over./s permalink award report block reply
thisisatestof2 3 points 7 days ago I’m not sure I agree with getting rid of the 19th amendment. However, he makes an excellent point.   For the last 20 years by town in a deep blue state has been republican lead. Six years ago, it flipped to the Democrat Democrats and was an absolute disaster with the largest tax increase in town history.  Then they lost in spectacular fashion. This cycle, thanks to lots of gullible women voters, the Democrats won again. It is kind of scary the way they think. They’re killing me up with all sorts of amazing ideas they think might work, like have the facilities department track equipment they own, scheduled repairs, major repairs that will be needed in the future, have talent administrators, talk to employee employees to make sure they have what they need to do their job.  They just can’t grasp that this already happens and is tracked and is a massive driver of how they create budgets for things like maintenance. It’s all about feelings. permalink award report block reply
indigo_truther 2 points 6 days ago Most of my friends would just hand their ballot to their wives to fill out while they watch football. permalink award report block reply
Beardholder 1 points 6 days ago The Bible says very clearly You'll know when your nation is a cursed when women and children lead. We are here. Our nation is cursed and we allow the murderer , the false prophets, the wicked, the sexually perverted , the Corrupt and the haters of Christ lead and rule . And we Americans haven't killed and hung on a rope any of them.
We are to enact justice and judgement against the wicked every day.
Yet we do nothing. The duty and honor of the saints is judgement and punishment to wicked Men and women. Psalm 149 5-9 permalink award report block reply
TexasBrowncoat 1 points 6 days ago When the Muslims are in power, the women will lose ALL their rights and not be able to cause trouble. Of course, the rest of us will be fucked... permalink award report block reply
budgsxr 1 points 6 days ago Well women are voting for their own destruction. They’re that stupid. Let them vote for Islam and then they’ll get that sharia law they so desperately want then all their so called rights will vanish. They won’t be able to vote or much less speak. They’re fucking idiots. permalink award report block reply
ReturnOfSmarm 1 points 6 days ago Toothpaste is out of the tube.  Good luck. permalink award report block reply
Pelosi_Halitosis 1 points 6 days ago Just make it illegal for women to own cats. The degree of "Suicidal Empathy" is directly related to how many cats a woman owns. permalink award report block reply
milpede0306 -1 points 7 days ago Why, no my good man. Tis not good women can vote in America. permalink award report block reply
PastorCharles -1 points 7 days ago Oh, cool, another self-important edgelord who crawled out from underneath the Stone Choir. permalink award report block reply
Conspiracytheorist -3 points 7 days ago While us here do agree to with this thinking, unfortunately it'll never change. Men need to get the fuck up and vote more than women is honestly the only real solution going forward. permalink award report block reply TrumpRideorDie74 4 points 7 days ago Ya "let's vote harder" because that's been a big win over the past few decades. permalink parent award report block reply Conspiracytheorist 0 points 6 days ago The moment they say women can’t vote we might as well be throwing a burka on them. Let’s be grounded in reality. It won’t happen. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpRideorDie74 4 points 7 days ago Ya "let's vote harder" because that's been a big win over the past few decades. permalink parent award report block reply Conspiracytheorist 0 points 6 days ago The moment they say women can’t vote we might as well be throwing a burka on them. Let’s be grounded in reality. It won’t happen. permalink parent award report block reply
Conspiracytheorist 0 points 6 days ago The moment they say women can’t vote we might as well be throwing a burka on them. Let’s be grounded in reality. It won’t happen. permalink parent award report block reply
Greenhills -3 points 7 days ago Eye roll. permalink award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ -9 points 7 days ago Repeal the 19th is Shariah. permalink award report block reply FatigueIsReal 12 points 7 days ago Not in the slightest. It encourages marriage and strong family values. It also gives men more responsibility by representing their household. Look at voter turnout.  Its always sub 50%. The women that do vote are single and vote to murder their own children. Men that own property should be the only voters. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 7 days ago FatigueIsReal 3 points 7 days ago I would say far too impressionable as well. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 12 points 7 days ago Not in the slightest. It encourages marriage and strong family values. It also gives men more responsibility by representing their household. Look at voter turnout.  Its always sub 50%. The women that do vote are single and vote to murder their own children. Men that own property should be the only voters. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 7 days ago FatigueIsReal 3 points 7 days ago I would say far too impressionable as well. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 6 points 7 days ago FatigueIsReal 3 points 7 days ago I would say far too impressionable as well. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 3 points 7 days ago I would say far too impressionable as well. permalink parent award report block reply