713 Rubio on the EU accusing Trump of violating "international law" by striking narco-terrorists: 

"...all these countries want us to SEND nuclear-capable Tomahawk missiles to DEFEND EUROPE. But when the US positions aircraft carriers in OUR hemisphere, where we live, somehow that's a PROBLEM!" COME AND TAKE IT posted 5 hours ago by blue5707 30 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 16h 🚨 HOLY CRAP! Sec. Marco Rubio DROPS THE MIC on the EU accusing President Trump of violating "international law" by striking narco-terrorists "I find it INTERESTING all these countries want us to send nuclear-capable Tomahawk missiles to defend Europe. But when the United States
30 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno ingrowntoenail 21 points 4 hours ago The more Europe acts like an entitled 12 year old brat, the less I feel inclined to keep protecting them. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 3 hours ago Most of them aren't even protecting themselves from suicidal empathy. If they want to use socialism to finance their own demographic replacement, why should we spend a penny propping them up with military protection. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 2 points 56 minutes ago I stopped caring about Europe when the EU was founded to compete against us economically while still begging for our money.  I still think we should close all our bases over there. permalink parent award report block reply YouHadMeAtGaming 14 points 5 hours ago They want us weak, perhaps dead. I would say “well who’s going to defend them if we’re gone?” But I remember they want themselves dead too. Crazy. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 9 points 4 hours ago They want a world wide liberal fascism where they control European civilization and the non-elected officials can be fabulously wealthy. permalink parent award report block reply jsphere256 7 points 5 hours ago Is narcoterrorism allowed by international law? permalink award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 4 points 4 hours ago Check where the precursors come from, or are going through. Germany is one of the places Central/South American cartels gets their (Chinese) chemicals. permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago Only if that's a part of your grift permalink parent award report block reply buckeyeminuteman 7 points 4 hours ago Rubio is 1000% better as SoS than the junior senator from Florida. This guy just might finally deserve his own shot at POTUS. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 5 points 4 hours ago No I don't think so- Rubio is a guy that can be heavily influenced. He's great in this role- perhaps one of the best SoS's we've had because of the influence Trump lays on him. If he's president he would be beaten into the ground, I think. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 3 hours ago He's a follower, not a leader. He needed a good leader to tell him what to do. permalink parent award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 10 minutes ago You’re probably right but he’s doing a great job as SOS. permalink parent award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 5 points 4 hours ago We voted for this! Trump said he'd start war with the drug runners, it's not like he sprung this on the American voter. permalink award report block reply JuicyfearsMAGA 5 points 4 hours ago Monroe doctrine, bitch permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 5 hours ago HOLY CRAP! that’s outrageous permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 3 points 2 hours ago Good job Marco Rubio !!! permalink award report block reply jiujiujiu 3 points 2 hours ago Western culture has such an insane aversion to what is deemed as “punching down” that it’s killing us. Don’t crush the venomous snake! It’s not fair! You are so much bigger! Just let it bite you… You can take it… Fucking demonic. permalink award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 9 minutes ago Moronic! permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 3 points 3 hours ago Rubio walks the walk permalink award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 1 hour ago Bring back the Monroe Doctrine. This is our hemisphere and Europe can get fucked. permalink award report block reply Bostonmassacre 2 points 54 minutes ago Lil Marco has been a pleasant surprise. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 2 points 2 hours ago "its his job to protect the United States". We provide billions of dollars of military aid to countries hundreds of years older than ours. Time to cut out the dead wood. Sink or swim. permalink award report block reply Prof_Smith 2 points 4 hours ago Half those drugs are going to Europe.  It’s as much to
Help the US as it is to fuck with the europs permalink award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 3 points 2 hours ago They want the drugs to keep flowing. permalink parent award report block reply MotherCoconuts 1 points 39 minutes ago Defend Europe from who?? permalink award report block reply orange_kek_great 1 points 4 hours ago I didn't know our tomahawks were nuclear capable. Crazy. permalink award report block reply Maga305_47 1 points 2 hours ago Paid Eric Daugherty. permalink award report block reply Sodak -6 points 2 hours ago Narcoterrorists? Wtf is this new word? drug dealers aren't terrorists. This reminds me of democrats making up language to fit their agenda. Terrorists commit violence for political or religious beliefs. permalink award report block reply Yaemz123 4 points 2 hours ago That word was created in the early 1980s. Not a new word. And drug cartels are orders of magnitude above drug dealers. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 3 points 1 hour ago Cartel's commit violence for political reasons. Mexico had like 40 political candidates killed by cartels in the last election. Cartel's are as military equipped as ISIS was or more. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 1 points 1 hour ago Check out the cult of Santa Muerte. permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 21 points 4 hours ago The more Europe acts like an entitled 12 year old brat, the less I feel inclined to keep protecting them. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 6 points 3 hours ago Most of them aren't even protecting themselves from suicidal empathy. If they want to use socialism to finance their own demographic replacement, why should we spend a penny propping them up with military protection. permalink parent award report block reply CharlieMike 2 points 56 minutes ago I stopped caring about Europe when the EU was founded to compete against us economically while still begging for our money.  I still think we should close all our bases over there. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 6 points 3 hours ago Most of them aren't even protecting themselves from suicidal empathy. If they want to use socialism to finance their own demographic replacement, why should we spend a penny propping them up with military protection. permalink parent award report block reply
CharlieMike 2 points 56 minutes ago I stopped caring about Europe when the EU was founded to compete against us economically while still begging for our money.  I still think we should close all our bases over there. permalink parent award report block reply
YouHadMeAtGaming 14 points 5 hours ago They want us weak, perhaps dead. I would say “well who’s going to defend them if we’re gone?” But I remember they want themselves dead too. Crazy. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 9 points 4 hours ago They want a world wide liberal fascism where they control European civilization and the non-elected officials can be fabulously wealthy. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 9 points 4 hours ago They want a world wide liberal fascism where they control European civilization and the non-elected officials can be fabulously wealthy. permalink parent award report block reply
jsphere256 7 points 5 hours ago Is narcoterrorism allowed by international law? permalink award report block reply DeepFrozenOcean 4 points 4 hours ago Check where the precursors come from, or are going through. Germany is one of the places Central/South American cartels gets their (Chinese) chemicals. permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago Only if that's a part of your grift permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 4 points 4 hours ago Check where the precursors come from, or are going through. Germany is one of the places Central/South American cartels gets their (Chinese) chemicals. permalink parent award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago Only if that's a part of your grift permalink parent award report block reply
buckeyeminuteman 7 points 4 hours ago Rubio is 1000% better as SoS than the junior senator from Florida. This guy just might finally deserve his own shot at POTUS. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 5 points 4 hours ago No I don't think so- Rubio is a guy that can be heavily influenced. He's great in this role- perhaps one of the best SoS's we've had because of the influence Trump lays on him. If he's president he would be beaten into the ground, I think. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 3 hours ago He's a follower, not a leader. He needed a good leader to tell him what to do. permalink parent award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 10 minutes ago You’re probably right but he’s doing a great job as SOS. permalink parent award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 5 points 4 hours ago No I don't think so- Rubio is a guy that can be heavily influenced. He's great in this role- perhaps one of the best SoS's we've had because of the influence Trump lays on him. If he's president he would be beaten into the ground, I think. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 3 hours ago He's a follower, not a leader. He needed a good leader to tell him what to do. permalink parent award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 10 minutes ago You’re probably right but he’s doing a great job as SOS. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 3 hours ago He's a follower, not a leader. He needed a good leader to tell him what to do. permalink parent award report block reply
Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 10 minutes ago You’re probably right but he’s doing a great job as SOS. permalink parent award report block reply
DeepFrozenOcean 5 points 4 hours ago We voted for this! Trump said he'd start war with the drug runners, it's not like he sprung this on the American voter. permalink award report block reply
JuicyfearsMAGA 5 points 4 hours ago Monroe doctrine, bitch permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 3 points 5 hours ago HOLY CRAP! that’s outrageous permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 3 points 2 hours ago Good job Marco Rubio !!! permalink award report block reply
jiujiujiu 3 points 2 hours ago Western culture has such an insane aversion to what is deemed as “punching down” that it’s killing us. Don’t crush the venomous snake! It’s not fair! You are so much bigger! Just let it bite you… You can take it… Fucking demonic. permalink award report block reply Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 9 minutes ago Moronic! permalink parent award report block reply
Fuck_commies_2024 1 points 9 minutes ago Moronic! permalink parent award report block reply
infinitysupreme 3 points 3 hours ago Rubio walks the walk permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 2 points 1 hour ago Bring back the Monroe Doctrine. This is our hemisphere and Europe can get fucked. permalink award report block reply
Bostonmassacre 2 points 54 minutes ago Lil Marco has been a pleasant surprise. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 2 points 2 hours ago "its his job to protect the United States". We provide billions of dollars of military aid to countries hundreds of years older than ours. Time to cut out the dead wood. Sink or swim. permalink award report block reply
Prof_Smith 2 points 4 hours ago Half those drugs are going to Europe.  It’s as much to
Help the US as it is to fuck with the europs permalink award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 3 points 2 hours ago They want the drugs to keep flowing. permalink parent award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 3 points 2 hours ago They want the drugs to keep flowing. permalink parent award report block reply
MotherCoconuts 1 points 39 minutes ago Defend Europe from who?? permalink award report block reply
orange_kek_great 1 points 4 hours ago I didn't know our tomahawks were nuclear capable. Crazy. permalink award report block reply
Maga305_47 1 points 2 hours ago Paid Eric Daugherty. permalink award report block reply
Sodak -6 points 2 hours ago Narcoterrorists? Wtf is this new word? drug dealers aren't terrorists. This reminds me of democrats making up language to fit their agenda. Terrorists commit violence for political or religious beliefs. permalink award report block reply Yaemz123 4 points 2 hours ago That word was created in the early 1980s. Not a new word. And drug cartels are orders of magnitude above drug dealers. permalink parent award report block reply TakingCoatsWIN 3 points 1 hour ago Cartel's commit violence for political reasons. Mexico had like 40 political candidates killed by cartels in the last election. Cartel's are as military equipped as ISIS was or more. permalink parent award report block reply SteveRogers42 1 points 1 hour ago Check out the cult of Santa Muerte. permalink parent award report block reply
Yaemz123 4 points 2 hours ago That word was created in the early 1980s. Not a new word. And drug cartels are orders of magnitude above drug dealers. permalink parent award report block reply
TakingCoatsWIN 3 points 1 hour ago Cartel's commit violence for political reasons. Mexico had like 40 political candidates killed by cartels in the last election. Cartel's are as military equipped as ISIS was or more. permalink parent award report block reply
SteveRogers42 1 points 1 hour ago Check out the cult of Santa Muerte. permalink parent award report block reply