832 Mernin’, frens! posted 8 hours ago by One-Man_Riot 29 comments award share download report block
29 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Salt Lake City's Hair Growth Method Breaks All Records! HaloGrow GA_Logic 14 points 8 hours ago Mornin frens! God Bless the USA. permalink award report block reply MissingTrump 6 points 7 hours ago Amen. permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 12 points 8 hours ago Good morning from the Czech republic, frens! May the God Emperor's light shines upon you like the sun does here right now! permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 3 points 7 hours ago You in Prague, I had a fren who had a bar there, his name - Augustine pretty goth permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 5 hours ago No, not in Prague, in Budweis, the home of the Budweiser beer permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 hours ago "When you say Budweiser, you've said it all." Da, da, da, da... permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Budweiser is good, especially the original pale lager or pale lager with added cultures of yeast, but this one is only available in a few selected pubs with installed stainless steel tanks, because the beer doesn't last "perfect" for long time and requires constant temperature. And let me tell you, 3 or 4 half-liter glasses and woohoo you're there xD The morning is usually rough, but the experience is worth it. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 hours ago Ah nice 100k population nice climate (for me) permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, we're a small "provincial" city, surrounded by lakes and forests, but there's a good connection to capital city. Climate is fine, although the last decade is rather on the dry side, not much snow in the winter and reasonably hot summers, definitely not "southern California hot" though. Pub is on every corner, we like guns, hate commies and our women are rather conservative. And often hot! And more and more people tend to speak english :) permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Hanging_Chad 9 points 8 hours ago GM! 🌅𓆏 permalink award report block reply Antiluminati 7 points 8 hours ago Kek of the morning to yah! permalink award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 7 hours ago Praise kek permalink parent award report block reply DudeNoOne 6 points 8 hours ago GM permalink award report block reply Donnyboy135 6 points 7 hours ago Gm from a southern trucker in Indie. Its fekkin cold fren. permalink award report block reply newestofnew 4 points 8 hours ago are we still all frens? alot of distasteful insults have been thrown around recently over disagreement, and that's not the way I disagree with friends. permalink award report block reply CzechForTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Frens even in the hardest of times or to the bitter end! permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 1 points 5 hours ago Frens always. Ignore the bots and trolls. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 8 hours ago we poast the forg permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 7 hours ago You ever look at the sun and think: that's a frozen explosion, kinda, like it's so big its gravity keeps the explosion in, but it's an explosion and you are seeing it 8 minutes and 30 seconds ago, cuz it's light takes that long, and then you think if it disappeared you'd have 8:30secs before it got dark.  And then you think holy shit it Is 8:30 am and I'm not even high on weed and talking weird to pdw permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 7 hours ago Thank you for that. That was awesome. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 1 points 5 hours ago Lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYbCPNBQJ4U permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 7 hours ago GM Sunshine!  I'm looking forward to the sunset this evening.  The rarely seen Aurora borealis lights appear again this evening from the sun flares recently.  Yesterday's sunset was Red and Pink skies. permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 7 hours ago GM! permalink award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 1 points 7 hours ago Gm permalink award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 1 points 7 hours ago Orange sun good permalink award report block reply anti_masker 1 points 7 hours ago Good morning Wednesday morning permalink award report block reply cordsandfords 1 points 6 hours ago Good morning, to all my "untalented" homegrown American frens. permalink award report block reply
GA_Logic 14 points 8 hours ago Mornin frens! God Bless the USA. permalink award report block reply MissingTrump 6 points 7 hours ago Amen. permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 6 points 7 hours ago Amen. permalink parent award report block reply
CzechForTrump 12 points 8 hours ago Good morning from the Czech republic, frens! May the God Emperor's light shines upon you like the sun does here right now! permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 3 points 7 hours ago You in Prague, I had a fren who had a bar there, his name - Augustine pretty goth permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 5 hours ago No, not in Prague, in Budweis, the home of the Budweiser beer permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 hours ago "When you say Budweiser, you've said it all." Da, da, da, da... permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Budweiser is good, especially the original pale lager or pale lager with added cultures of yeast, but this one is only available in a few selected pubs with installed stainless steel tanks, because the beer doesn't last "perfect" for long time and requires constant temperature. And let me tell you, 3 or 4 half-liter glasses and woohoo you're there xD The morning is usually rough, but the experience is worth it. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 hours ago Ah nice 100k population nice climate (for me) permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, we're a small "provincial" city, surrounded by lakes and forests, but there's a good connection to capital city. Climate is fine, although the last decade is rather on the dry side, not much snow in the winter and reasonably hot summers, definitely not "southern California hot" though. Pub is on every corner, we like guns, hate commies and our women are rather conservative. And often hot! And more and more people tend to speak english :) permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MAGALADON9 3 points 7 hours ago You in Prague, I had a fren who had a bar there, his name - Augustine pretty goth permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 5 hours ago No, not in Prague, in Budweis, the home of the Budweiser beer permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 hours ago "When you say Budweiser, you've said it all." Da, da, da, da... permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Budweiser is good, especially the original pale lager or pale lager with added cultures of yeast, but this one is only available in a few selected pubs with installed stainless steel tanks, because the beer doesn't last "perfect" for long time and requires constant temperature. And let me tell you, 3 or 4 half-liter glasses and woohoo you're there xD The morning is usually rough, but the experience is worth it. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 hours ago Ah nice 100k population nice climate (for me) permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, we're a small "provincial" city, surrounded by lakes and forests, but there's a good connection to capital city. Climate is fine, although the last decade is rather on the dry side, not much snow in the winter and reasonably hot summers, definitely not "southern California hot" though. Pub is on every corner, we like guns, hate commies and our women are rather conservative. And often hot! And more and more people tend to speak english :) permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
CzechForTrump 1 points 5 hours ago No, not in Prague, in Budweis, the home of the Budweiser beer permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 2 points 5 hours ago "When you say Budweiser, you've said it all." Da, da, da, da... permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Budweiser is good, especially the original pale lager or pale lager with added cultures of yeast, but this one is only available in a few selected pubs with installed stainless steel tanks, because the beer doesn't last "perfect" for long time and requires constant temperature. And let me tell you, 3 or 4 half-liter glasses and woohoo you're there xD The morning is usually rough, but the experience is worth it. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 4 hours ago Ah nice 100k population nice climate (for me) permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, we're a small "provincial" city, surrounded by lakes and forests, but there's a good connection to capital city. Climate is fine, although the last decade is rather on the dry side, not much snow in the winter and reasonably hot summers, definitely not "southern California hot" though. Pub is on every corner, we like guns, hate commies and our women are rather conservative. And often hot! And more and more people tend to speak english :) permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ActNow 2 points 5 hours ago "When you say Budweiser, you've said it all." Da, da, da, da... permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Budweiser is good, especially the original pale lager or pale lager with added cultures of yeast, but this one is only available in a few selected pubs with installed stainless steel tanks, because the beer doesn't last "perfect" for long time and requires constant temperature. And let me tell you, 3 or 4 half-liter glasses and woohoo you're there xD The morning is usually rough, but the experience is worth it. permalink parent award report block reply
CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Budweiser is good, especially the original pale lager or pale lager with added cultures of yeast, but this one is only available in a few selected pubs with installed stainless steel tanks, because the beer doesn't last "perfect" for long time and requires constant temperature. And let me tell you, 3 or 4 half-liter glasses and woohoo you're there xD The morning is usually rough, but the experience is worth it. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 4 hours ago Ah nice 100k population nice climate (for me) permalink parent award report block reply CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, we're a small "provincial" city, surrounded by lakes and forests, but there's a good connection to capital city. Climate is fine, although the last decade is rather on the dry side, not much snow in the winter and reasonably hot summers, definitely not "southern California hot" though. Pub is on every corner, we like guns, hate commies and our women are rather conservative. And often hot! And more and more people tend to speak english :) permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
CzechForTrump 1 points 3 hours ago Yeah, we're a small "provincial" city, surrounded by lakes and forests, but there's a good connection to capital city. Climate is fine, although the last decade is rather on the dry side, not much snow in the winter and reasonably hot summers, definitely not "southern California hot" though. Pub is on every corner, we like guns, hate commies and our women are rather conservative. And often hot! And more and more people tend to speak english :) permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Hanging_Chad 9 points 8 hours ago GM! 🌅𓆏 permalink award report block reply
Antiluminati 7 points 8 hours ago Kek of the morning to yah! permalink award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 7 hours ago Praise kek permalink parent award report block reply
UncleTrumpsBand 2 points 7 hours ago Praise kek permalink parent award report block reply
DudeNoOne 6 points 8 hours ago GM permalink award report block reply
Donnyboy135 6 points 7 hours ago Gm from a southern trucker in Indie. Its fekkin cold fren. permalink award report block reply
newestofnew 4 points 8 hours ago are we still all frens? alot of distasteful insults have been thrown around recently over disagreement, and that's not the way I disagree with friends. permalink award report block reply CzechForTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Frens even in the hardest of times or to the bitter end! permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 1 points 5 hours ago Frens always. Ignore the bots and trolls. permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
CzechForTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Frens even in the hardest of times or to the bitter end! permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 1 points 5 hours ago Frens always. Ignore the bots and trolls. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 8 hours ago we poast the forg permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 7 hours ago You ever look at the sun and think: that's a frozen explosion, kinda, like it's so big its gravity keeps the explosion in, but it's an explosion and you are seeing it 8 minutes and 30 seconds ago, cuz it's light takes that long, and then you think if it disappeared you'd have 8:30secs before it got dark.  And then you think holy shit it Is 8:30 am and I'm not even high on weed and talking weird to pdw permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 7 hours ago Thank you for that. That was awesome. permalink parent award report block reply ActNow 1 points 5 hours ago Lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYbCPNBQJ4U permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 7 hours ago Thank you for that. That was awesome. permalink parent award report block reply
ActNow 1 points 5 hours ago Lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYbCPNBQJ4U permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 7 hours ago GM Sunshine!  I'm looking forward to the sunset this evening.  The rarely seen Aurora borealis lights appear again this evening from the sun flares recently.  Yesterday's sunset was Red and Pink skies. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 7 hours ago GM! permalink award report block reply
UncleTrumpsBand 1 points 7 hours ago Gm permalink award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches 1 points 7 hours ago Orange sun good permalink award report block reply
anti_masker 1 points 7 hours ago Good morning Wednesday morning permalink award report block reply
cordsandfords 1 points 6 hours ago Good morning, to all my "untalented" homegrown American frens. permalink award report block reply