92 Black pills are for faggots posted 14 hours ago by PotatoJoe 14 comments award share download report block
14 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MAGA9428 18 points 13 hours ago Not interested in abuse. We'd better off just kicking all of them out. We need a mass exodus in order to cause a housing market crash. permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 12 hours ago 200 cases - but we gave TATA and TCS 20,000 new H1B's this year. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 hours ago The whole system is abuse. There are plenty of totally legal h1bs that are occupying American jobs that will never be investigated for abuse. This post is gay. And not for nothing, but ermeygawd 200 investigation! Wow, such efficiency. permalink parent award report block reply r_u_srs_srsly 10 points 13 hours ago If an American is ever told to train their replacement, that should be a 10 million dollar fine payable to the American and the company loses their visas The visas are for the smarter people, right!? permalink award report block reply DingDongDitch 8 points 12 hours ago downvote this. I want them gone. not investigated (ie nothing) permalink award report block reply BadBrainsBuzzcocks 7 points 12 hours ago What a fucking canard. Why is she now just deploying. Why hasn't an army been DEPLOYED and heads already rolling? 200 investigations is chicken shit. The entire program is a scam. End it. permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 7 points 12 hours ago We want them all gone. Just like the “muh violent criminals” bullshit. We want them ALL gone. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 6 points 12 hours ago I want zero immigrants, zero. permalink award report block reply bigmikesbulge 5 points 12 hours ago 200 fraud investigations? Is that a joke? permalink award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 4 points 12 hours ago living in delulu land is also for faggots permalink award report block reply Retardloserimsogay 3 points 13 hours ago Lol, nope this ain't it. permalink award report block reply MinisterOfSalt 2 points 6 hours ago The whole thing is an abuse to Americans permalink award report block reply Brandon1776 2 points 5 hours ago Oh boy another investigation that will be terminated by some judge and then...nothing. you're being lied too permalink award report block reply itsallascam6 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
MAGA9428 18 points 13 hours ago Not interested in abuse. We'd better off just kicking all of them out. We need a mass exodus in order to cause a housing market crash. permalink award report block reply BruddahIz 3 points 12 hours ago 200 cases - but we gave TATA and TCS 20,000 new H1B's this year. permalink parent award report block reply Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 hours ago The whole system is abuse. There are plenty of totally legal h1bs that are occupying American jobs that will never be investigated for abuse. This post is gay. And not for nothing, but ermeygawd 200 investigation! Wow, such efficiency. permalink parent award report block reply
BruddahIz 3 points 12 hours ago 200 cases - but we gave TATA and TCS 20,000 new H1B's this year. permalink parent award report block reply
Aisle-is-closed 1 points 3 hours ago The whole system is abuse. There are plenty of totally legal h1bs that are occupying American jobs that will never be investigated for abuse. This post is gay. And not for nothing, but ermeygawd 200 investigation! Wow, such efficiency. permalink parent award report block reply
r_u_srs_srsly 10 points 13 hours ago If an American is ever told to train their replacement, that should be a 10 million dollar fine payable to the American and the company loses their visas The visas are for the smarter people, right!? permalink award report block reply
DingDongDitch 8 points 12 hours ago downvote this. I want them gone. not investigated (ie nothing) permalink award report block reply
BadBrainsBuzzcocks 7 points 12 hours ago What a fucking canard. Why is she now just deploying. Why hasn't an army been DEPLOYED and heads already rolling? 200 investigations is chicken shit. The entire program is a scam. End it. permalink award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 7 points 12 hours ago We want them all gone. Just like the “muh violent criminals” bullshit. We want them ALL gone. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 6 points 12 hours ago I want zero immigrants, zero. permalink award report block reply
bigmikesbulge 5 points 12 hours ago 200 fraud investigations? Is that a joke? permalink award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 4 points 12 hours ago living in delulu land is also for faggots permalink award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay 3 points 13 hours ago Lol, nope this ain't it. permalink award report block reply
MinisterOfSalt 2 points 6 hours ago The whole thing is an abuse to Americans permalink award report block reply
Brandon1776 2 points 5 hours ago Oh boy another investigation that will be terminated by some judge and then...nothing. you're being lied too permalink award report block reply
itsallascam6 1 points 13 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply