2033 Drink up while you can NY, soon you'll be told that things like alcohol are haram (forbidden) posted 7 days ago by Pkvi_redeux 209 comments award share download report block
209 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Choppermagic 170 points 7 days ago I hope that he tries to institute a burka requirement just so the 72% of women who voted for that can feel the consequences. permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 67 points 7 days ago They deserve to finally get their comeuppance. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 31 points 7 days ago They won't see it that way permalink parent award report block reply crashdaddy 31 points 7 days ago ikr. Instagram will be flooded with GRWM! Unboxing my newest BURQA! videos overnight. permalink parent award report block reply ShotgunParade69x 7 points 7 days ago And they will
Be dragged permalink parent award report block reply HeftyAdministration8 2 points 7 days ago "Burqas are so empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad 3 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wrexxis780 11 points 7 days ago Yep.  They will still blame Trump and "white soopremes" But we won't care. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 8 points 7 days ago While wearing burkas permalink parent award report block reply Meatbank84 3 points 7 days ago WE ARE SHOWING SOLIDARITY WITH OTHER CULTURES permalink parent award report block reply DarkHighways2 1 points 7 days ago Suddenly they forget about cultural appropriation lol permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 3 points 7 days ago The nice thing about Islam is that women get to STFU permalink parent award report block reply Diana 2 points 7 days ago They'll still try to find a way to blame Trump and MAGA for it. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Aquamine-Amarine 42 points 7 days ago Stupid leftist bitches make us conservative women look bad. They deserve to suffer. They need to learn the hard way. Maybe then the red pill will go down. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 16 points 7 days ago Yes it sucks. I like great women! My wife is incredible! And there are so many great ladies out there. But the Woke are completely lost. A cult the size of a religion has hijacked their minds. They will follow it all the way to wearing a full burka if the left tells them that makes them good women. They do deserve it. But that will put all women in the West at risk. So it must be stopped entirely, no matter how much these women fight against us. They need to be dominated by their own people who want to protect them. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 6 points 7 days ago See also: nose ring permalink parent award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 7 days ago That's for the Dems to lead then around like cattle. I mean most of em weigh as much as cattle so I guess it fits. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 1 points 7 days ago So you're saying a return to patriarchy. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 1 points 7 days ago Enslavement. That's a leftist value. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply fu-greta 36 points 7 days ago Burka may not be coming, but what's real is that Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer.   A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore.  Sharia law, bitches! permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 16 points 7 days ago Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer. A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore. oh, wow, I didn't hear that one . . . that's right, husbands can do whatever they want with their livestock (I mean their wives.) Because under sharia law, there's no difference. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 5 points 7 days ago How on earth could a woman vote for this? permalink parent award report block reply KTGArtist 13 points 7 days ago Women, especially younger women, are very sick, and they don't realize it. permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 13 points 7 days ago The leftists are trying to appease the invaders by not antagonizing them - by not ever saying anything that might anger them and bring down punishment. That's how you know that they are not afraid of Trump. They hate him, but they're not afraid of him. They say horrible things to him and try their best to take him out. They are, however, scared to death of muslims, invaders, criminals, cartels, etc, and that's why they say and do everything possible to appease them. This response is also known as Stockholm Syndrome - when a captive appears to like and sympathize with their captor. It's really not sympathy. It's just appeasement out of fear of being hurt. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ZacPetkanas 6 points 7 days ago Feelings over logic. The 19th was a horrible mistake permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago because they don't know.  they don't read anything but price tags, they believe any lie of the left, and that's it.  they're barely smart enough to call "retarded" permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply LLchurch 5 points 7 days ago You have a link? I want to see that from the towel heads mouth because that sounds like a power he doesn't have. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago Lesbians are going to like that. permalink parent award report block reply artifex_mundi_x 6 points 7 days ago Yes please. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 6 points 7 days ago I bet many of them would gladly submit. permalink parent award report block reply load 18 more comments... Purple_Drank 55 points 7 days ago unfortunately these retards will start to move out of NY because of the results of the candidate that they voted for, and they will start seeping into our cities and voting the same way... permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 23 points 7 days ago Thats the plan. They've done this before. Most of the upper east was red. Purposefully high taxes pushed dem voters out into other states where they slowly corrupted small towns, up to cities, etc. Took a decade or so, but the dems work like a hive mind. They'll set something in motion now that won't come to fruition until 20 years later. permalink parent award report block reply FuckReddit4545 6 points 7 days ago The best time to plant a tree... Dems are many things, but they aren't stupid.. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 12 points 7 days ago They were never stupid. They were just completely insane, had a murder boner ad nauseam, and brainwashed to a degree that a fungus has a possibility of growing in that cavity. That was nearly 10 years ago. Its 2-3 times worse than that now. permalink parent award report block reply Isolated_Patriot 2 points 7 days ago They are stupid, they just work for the Devil, and that dude is pretty crafty. permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 2 points 7 days ago This.   We used to visit Milford, PA as a nice conservative walking town in PA.  Gays moved in.   Started gay businesses and magazines.   Now the mayor is a gay Democrat.   They just swarmed the place. permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 1 points 7 days ago I'd agree with this in the past, but I don't think it's going to take 20 years now. permalink parent award report block reply 556x45mm 6 points 7 days ago Cannot be stated enough My uncle moved to Nevada because California taxes, crime, high costs and regulation. Then proceded to vote blue as he always has. My aunt, a die hard lesbian dike liberal moved to Colorado in the early 2000s becuase her lesbian friend moved there. permalink parent award report block reply 559throw 38 points 7 days ago Hope he burns the entire fucking city to the ground so we can say TOLD YA SO permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 20 points 7 days ago I just don't want to have to pay to bail it out later, but that's what happens with all virtue signaling mayors in blue cities permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 3 points 7 days ago Hawaiian judge will force us to do the bailout permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 12 points 7 days ago You don't have to hope, my friend. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 7 days ago They still won’t listen permalink parent award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs 28 points 7 days ago By the time he gets to that stuff, most of the idiot white women who put him in office will have long since left the city, complaining about all the changes all the while, without a single nanosecond spent considering that they may have been part of the problem. permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 22 points 7 days ago They’ll say everything went to shit because greedy old white men ruined it permalink parent award report block reply 70thLike 5 points 7 days ago This reminds me of all the people complaining that San Francisco was ruined by capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 7 days ago They can never accurately determine cause and effect because they didn’t arrive at their worldview by critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply Meatbank84 12 points 7 days ago They will blame republicans. I live far outside of St Louis Missouri which is now a toxic dumpster waste land. It has been under control of dems for ages. They leave the city to the nice suburbs and they say "well this all the republicans fault" regarding the situation of the now uninhabitable city. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 7 points 7 days ago I am convinced the human race has always been a constant battle between the mentally void, and the smart ones permalink parent award report block reply MikesDong 4 points 7 days ago This is guaranteed, like all things they fuck up twist themselves into a pretzel blaming Trump and all the NPCs lap it up on the DNC controlled media. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 7 days ago I literally saw an article about this for Chicago. Libs were angry that Republicans were “not competitive in races, if they even ran at all” because the city was such a mismanaged shithole. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 7 days ago I would bet most women in NYC aren’t White anymore. I would also bet English isn’t even their first language. permalink parent award report block reply Hanrahan 20 points 7 days ago Aloha Cashbar permalink award report block reply IAmDisappoint 3 points 7 days ago underrated comment permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 19 points 7 days ago It baffles me how many people are fooled into the idea that you can get free anything or that it would be good even if you could. Nothing is free. Nothing. Everything comes at a price. Blood, sweat, tears, it doesn't matter how you pay for it, you will pay for it. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 10 points 7 days ago Oh with no hesitation he said he's go after White people with money. His victory speech stroked the egos of every group he could think of except Americans and White people permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 5 points 7 days ago They reap what they sow. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 7 days ago When White people become as tribal and violent as blacks, they will really regret what they’ve done permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 2 points 7 days ago It's free if you pay for it and I don't permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich -1 points 7 days ago Then that's not free, dumb ass. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago You have to get into the moocher/socialist mindset.  Whatever the government can squeeze out of you by force to give to me is free stuff. permalink parent award report block reply Karpus 1 points 7 days ago Retarded leftists have this idea that they’ll get to sit around all day drinking and discussing art, etc.  They have no idea that most of them, with their liberal arts degrees, will at best be sent to labor camps. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago At best. They have to survive the artificial famine first. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 7 days ago it doesn't matter the point to is tell the ruling class FUCK YOU same reason people voted for Trump permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 2 points 7 days ago It is. But that's not what they're doing here. They're just voting for one ruling class over another, because the first promises free shit. permalink parent award report block reply sully 15 points 7 days ago Cash bar is a weird form of socialism I’ve never heard of before permalink award report block reply npc_1234 13 points 7 days ago This reminds me of the meme with Bernie and AOC going out to dinner. permalink award report block reply EdBuck 12 points 7 days ago Haha permalink award report block reply Lurkermon 11 points 7 days ago Lock the Cash Bar Lock the Cash Bar You don't really, really need it. permalink award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 3 points 7 days ago Nice permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 7 days ago Weird Al should have covered that song. permalink parent award report block reply Exsultate 11 points 7 days ago Goats milk and goat fucking. permalink award report block reply minttea2 4 points 7 days ago Prego goat fucking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw5gHBND3ZQ https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/archive/haryana/gang-raped-pregnant-goat-dies-in-mewat-628148/ https://www.newindianexpress.com/states/kerala/2022/Mar/30/three-men-rape-kill-a-heavily-pregnant-goat-in-kerala-2435886.html https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/up-man-accused-of-raping-mother-arrested-for-sexually-assaulting-and-killing-pregnant-goat-report-101730358034042.html https://www.desiblitz.com/content/indian-man-arrested-for-raping-a-pregnant-goat permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 7 days ago Fermented goat milk was a delicacy in Mongolia. Probably not so much the goat fucking, though. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 7 days ago Kumis is normally horse milk not goat milk. They taste very different. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 7 days ago During the Conquest many Khans converted to Islam permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 10 points 7 days ago is it funnier when a supposed mohammedan has a booze up, or is it funnier when a supposed communist meets with the CEO of JPmorgan ? permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 10 points 7 days ago His campaign reminded me a bit of the person burning from middle school class president. Then campaign on extra recess or something like that, but in the end, it just made you feel good and was never gonna happen. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 9 points 7 days ago Free FAST buses. The busses aren't going to be any faster and they certainly aren't free. They won't be running on time that's for sure. There's going to be a yuge parking lot stacked with broken down metro busses that they don't have the budget to repair. permalink award report block reply NYRepublican72 7 points 7 days ago This asshole doesn't even control the MTA as mayor. He needs to convince the state to go along. Good luck with that. The surrounding suburban counties that pay the MTA tax won't be too thrilled to subsidize this bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply JLoonacy 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 6 points 7 days ago Is Mamdani a Muslim or a communist? Communism requires substance abuse, such as alcoholism. Muslims ban alcohol to prevent substance abuse. Gotta pick one. I expect that he's way more communist than Muslim, as he served alcohol at his victory party. permalink award report block reply popcycle 11 points 7 days ago neither a nor b. he's a total fraud.  goodness, can't you see it in his face? permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago Taqiyya allows him to drink if it furthers the dominance of Islam in the long run. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago Source? I'd like to use this to convince my Muslim neighbors to try some booze. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 6 days ago https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taqiyya Don't bother. The purpose of taqiyya is to allow them to trick you into either not knowing they're Muslims, or not knowing what having too many Muslims around leads to. They're not going to drink booze just because a non-Muslim suggested it, especially if they think Islam is in a strong position. They might drink if they sense danger if they refuse. Mamdani, being embedded in a group of drug-addicted fags, might sense danger from them. He could be trying to portray Islam as being compatible with leftist values like tolerance and degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply MemeLawd 5 points 7 days ago We need an accurate census so all these rats can be deported back into their shithole from red states they're taking refuge in permalink award report block reply drmrboy 5 points 7 days ago SOCIALISM IS FOR THE PEOPLE ... NOT THE SOCIALIST. 🤓 permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago "A good communist is always a good capitalist" permalink parent award report block reply jiminycricket1941 5 points 7 days ago I actually HOPE with every fiber of my being that this shit skin mayor accelerates NYC to Islamic sharia rule. I can’t fucking wait. permalink award report block reply Fren20 2 points 7 days ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 7 days ago I don't understand why didn't he just charge himself, a millionaire, a tax to make sure everyone could afford booze? permalink award report block reply 0care 4 points 7 days ago This whole NY thing is hilarious, but I fear new yorkers moving to my state and bringing their shit policy with them permalink award report block reply Fren20 1 points 7 days ago Hell no let's push for highy taxes on nyc people moving to another state permalink parent award report block reply PowerOfBlues -1 points 7 days ago I don't want to move to your shit State.....I prefer NYC.... despite it's shit policies..... because there's more to life than just policies....am I'm sure your GOP Senator is just another kid fucker like all the rest of them permalink parent award report block reply roflcopt0rz_returns 4 points 7 days ago Anyone who voted for mamdani should not be allowed to leave NYC for the rest of their lives. If you enjoy communism so much, put your money where your mouth is. permalink award report block reply anti_masker 4 points 7 days ago mamdani is a shithead but alcohol is for degenerates anyway permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 7 days ago Mamdani also claims to be Muslim, but here he is supplying alcohol. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 7 points 7 days ago I didn't drink much, maybe a six pack total across two weekends.  But now I don't drink at all and it feels so damn good! permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 4 points 7 days ago Same. Quit like 5 years ago and I'll never go back. Alcohol is trash permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 7 days ago It is, good for you! permalink parent award report block reply TX4TW 3 points 7 days ago Mushrooms are where it’s at permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 4 points 7 days ago I'd have to start drinking if I was in NY. permalink parent award report block reply KTGArtist 3 points 7 days ago I hope they ban dogs from parks and city streets.
I hope they require women to wear a head scarf. permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago More people should get pet pigs and walk them around permalink parent award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 3 points 7 days ago So alcohol is not allowed in the Islamic faith... Just saying. I think this prick is a genuinely Muslim as pelosi and Biden are Catholic. What he is is a scummy criminal loving welfare pandering commie shitbag permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago Again: (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply Dev404 3 points 7 days ago All those women who voted for that commie shitbag will be getting culturally enriched before long. Good job, feminists. You imported rape culture and then put it in charge. permalink award report block reply Fren20 1 points 7 days ago The bitches are so stupid,let's push for burquas in nyc permalink parent award report block reply MAGA-2028 3 points 7 days ago lol that’s not happening. Who comes up with this shit? permalink award report block reply Basedpeda 3 points 7 days ago Yikes that is wild permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 7 days ago In NY he will be using their money. permalink award report block reply tired-of-crap 2 points 7 days ago Wait until he finds out how much taxes he's going to lose if he stops the city from drinking. permalink award report block reply Ikewin32 2 points 7 days ago The funny part is having a cash bar sounds like a fiscally responsible and reasonable position. permalink award report block reply American-Free-Man 2 points 7 days ago Jimmy's got this one wrong. Even though Mamdani is a socialist he believes in capitalism for himself (cash bar). The free food and buses are going to come from other peoples money (socialism) until it runs out. (communism) permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago They all (D)o permalink parent award report block reply 6iggu56icku5 2 points 7 days ago He's probably Mossad... permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago That makes a lot of sense permalink parent award report block reply COnDEMnED 2 points 7 days ago Alcohol is allowed in dirka dirka? permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago What about bakka lakka permalink parent award report block reply Nephrum 2 points 7 days ago Wait till they start banning dogs everywhere. permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 7 days ago But they will have a public goat fucking 🐐 permalink award report block reply presticus 2 points 7 days ago Socialism: it's only free when someone else pays for it. permalink award report block reply infinitysupreme 2 points 7 days ago In Muslim lands, alcohol is forbidden, except for the ultra rich who get the best alcohol in the world permalink award report block reply 4886Battery 2 points 7 days ago In the UK alcohol is greatly appreciated by the Muslim population, the men anyway, I mean it's quite a useful tool in getting female children to be rape slaves and for the girls' families to pretend their kids aren't being destroyed.  "Drink up, NYC!" permalink award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 2 points 7 days ago Nah there will be free buses.  Taxpayers pay for that.  The bar?  He'd have to pay for it.  The surest way to get a free drink from a Democrat is to stick your finger down their throats. permalink award report block reply RealRedneck 2 points 7 days ago I really want to see the mafia make a resurgence. permalink award report block reply texas4ever 2 points 7 days ago Won't be that direct. I just see more of the same decline, soft on crime and more taxes and rules to slow the economy. permalink award report block reply Whozat 1 points 7 days ago They are not going to start changing NY to muslim.
They need to wait until the get more muslims in charge. permalink award report block reply Fren20 1 points 7 days ago Oh yeah just wait permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 1 points 7 days ago Wow, the zionist are enraged. So he's not going to kiss the wall, why do you care? permalink award report block reply Bboop 1 points 7 days ago And dogs permalink award report block reply Constitution_1788 1 points 7 days ago Hahahahahahahaha permalink award report block reply Oodles 1 points 7 days ago Nothing free for the Kāfir permalink award report block reply OTher55 1 points 6 days ago Can't wait to see what happens when Mamdani declares weed to be haram, too. THAT'S what his low IQ voters REALLY care about. That and having the option to be sluts and abort their babies. permalink award report block reply ConRep1818 1 points 6 days ago Cash bar?  I thought he was a Muslim?? permalink award report block reply TexasBrowncoat 1 points 6 days ago How about training a bunch of Texas "Hogzillas" to run into mosques and crap all over the place? Hog Team Six! permalink award report block reply PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 4 days ago Breaking news! NYC declares 1000% tax on all pork products. I'm kidding but I wouldn't be shocked if it happened under muzzie Mamdani. permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 1 points 7 days ago Communism for them, "capitalism" for you. permalink award report block reply TedWLieu 1 points 7 days ago he had a cash bar and to get a drink, you had to show your 2024 tax return. If you were in the top 1% of earners, you had to pay 20% more for your drink. He's trying to condition residents for what's coming. permalink award report block reply barronwin 1 points 7 days ago i highly doubt that will happen to alcohol permalink award report block reply And_Im_Kenny_Rogers 1 points 7 days ago It’s never going to be that extreme , and that’s the problem. If it were that in your face even the legacy media couldn’t cover. But instead it will be little incursions on freedom and capitalism here and there. permalink award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 7 days ago mamdani isn't the fucking taliban he's a libshit who's new cabinet is all libshit white broads all this muslim hysterics are retarded and don't lead to actually solving any problems permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 7 days ago Fun fact:  Muslims can eat kosher food but Jews can't eat halal food.  Because the Jews require a rabbi to certify it while Muslims only care that the supplier attested to its provenance.  Meanwhile here in the "land of the free", we have to ask our government's permission to be allowed to eat or drink any particular thing.  I'll let the reader decide which of these three retarded things are the most retarded. permalink award report block reply 74lampshades 1 points 7 days ago That's a stupid take. There's enough to criticize without going into some 'cash bar' at a party. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 1 points 7 days ago Enjoy the 0500 wake up calls every morning permalink award report block reply doomerglowie2 1 points 6 days ago He will give free food and buses, so long as its not his money. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 7 days ago They don't move that fast it would tip too many people off, London has been occupied for like a decade and they still have alcohol. permalink award report block reply bluewhiteandred 1 points 7 days ago they will gladly give up alcohol to stick it to Trump tbh alcohol consumption rates have been declining, they could spin this as a "health measure" anyway some crunchy libs are anti-alcohol entirely permalink award report block reply jsphere256 1 points 7 days ago Cash bar is more than haram, it's verboten permalink award report block reply Liberats 1 points 6 days ago I think he will set out to bankrupt the City permalink award report block reply BirthHole 1 points 7 days ago worried about NYC becoming islam-ified while Congress is literally owned by AIPAC. permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 1 points 7 days ago Blacks will kill muslims over a 40 ounce. Muslims are in for some shit that they cannot understand. permalink award report block reply VanillaCupCake 1 points 7 days ago the islamic takeover of NYC has begun... look at Detroit. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 7 days ago LOL permalink award report block reply BuSpocky 1 points 7 days ago Cheat harder next time permalink award report block reply Mintap 1 points 7 days ago Trump doesn't drink because it is good for him, not because he has to. And Trump won't force others to not drink. permalink award report block reply Philhelm 1 points 7 days ago Nah, it will probably be secular commie bullshit at this stage. permalink award report block reply LWGII 1 points 7 days ago No more Wine O'Clock, Ladies. permalink award report block reply Aoikaze2000 1 points 7 days ago All the NYC peeps: Learn to grill pork and do it nightly. Make those fuckers want what they can't have. permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 1 points 7 days ago Honestly, I don't think that will happen... But I agree with the snark. permalink award report block reply Chungus53 1 points 7 days ago Oh, FFS. He's not a secret traditionalist religious fundamentalist, he's exactly what he looks like. A red diaper baby with no sincere beliefs who grew up learning that whining about Whitey was the way to be comfortable in life. permalink award report block reply CharlesWilliams 1 points 7 days ago I’d almost like to see robed “morality police” walking the sidewalks of NYC with sticks chastising miscreants. permalink award report block reply Than0sIII 1 points 7 days ago No refunds. permalink award report block reply America101 1 points 7 days ago New Yorker thought things were bad, it is really going to start getting really bad. All the freebies comes with a price tab. You would think after 9/11 means something or now it is probably over run with illegals that don't give a shit about American culture. New York would be like Minnesota and Michigan a Muslin run state. Muslims are gaining their territory. permalink award report block reply 26magarat 1 points 7 days ago I feel sorry for the dogs, too. permalink award report block reply petra77 1 points 6 days ago And keep an eye on your dogs!! permalink award report block reply Sup101 1 points 7 days ago And tits..
Sadiq khan took advertising titties away permalink award report block reply VinnysMagicGrits 1 points 7 days ago How much money did this guy raise in his campaign?  Surely he can use  around $20k of those funds for an open bar.  It would be a drop in the bucket compared to the entire campaign funds. permalink award report block reply JediDwag 1 points 6 days ago I worked with a young guy who was smart and a good programmer, but was a self identified socialist. I just couldn't understand why any intelligent rational person would think socialism was a good thing, since most people who advocate socialism are not that bright. I very slowly Socratic methoded him over a few hours while we were working on a project, and eventually I got him to admit that socialism would probably require at least 24 hours of compelled labor a week. Aka slavery. I don't think he had ever actually thought about these things or how it would actually work. It's sad because he probably coming at it from a place of empathy without understanding the outcome, which is compelled labor under threat of violence. I don't think I sufficiently dissuaded him, but I did at least convince him that he could join a socialist conclave without forcing society to adopt socialism. Which of you keep an extremely strict membership requirements is one way it could probably work on a small scale. I wonder if he ever tried. I doubt it. tldr: Socialism works, we just need to bring back slavery. permalink award report block reply Shinydenim 0 points 7 days ago Last time I checked I couldn’t drink prepositions permalink award report block reply canada_is_communist -2 points 7 days ago Good. Alcohol is evil antway permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply BillyBobJimmyJoe 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators, pending further review. permalink award report block reply new_guy2 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 170 points 7 days ago I hope that he tries to institute a burka requirement just so the 72% of women who voted for that can feel the consequences. permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 67 points 7 days ago They deserve to finally get their comeuppance. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 31 points 7 days ago They won't see it that way permalink parent award report block reply crashdaddy 31 points 7 days ago ikr. Instagram will be flooded with GRWM! Unboxing my newest BURQA! videos overnight. permalink parent award report block reply ShotgunParade69x 7 points 7 days ago And they will
Be dragged permalink parent award report block reply HeftyAdministration8 2 points 7 days ago "Burqas are so empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad 3 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wrexxis780 11 points 7 days ago Yep.  They will still blame Trump and "white soopremes" But we won't care. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 8 points 7 days ago While wearing burkas permalink parent award report block reply Meatbank84 3 points 7 days ago WE ARE SHOWING SOLIDARITY WITH OTHER CULTURES permalink parent award report block reply DarkHighways2 1 points 7 days ago Suddenly they forget about cultural appropriation lol permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 3 points 7 days ago The nice thing about Islam is that women get to STFU permalink parent award report block reply Diana 2 points 7 days ago They'll still try to find a way to blame Trump and MAGA for it. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Aquamine-Amarine 42 points 7 days ago Stupid leftist bitches make us conservative women look bad. They deserve to suffer. They need to learn the hard way. Maybe then the red pill will go down. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 16 points 7 days ago Yes it sucks. I like great women! My wife is incredible! And there are so many great ladies out there. But the Woke are completely lost. A cult the size of a religion has hijacked their minds. They will follow it all the way to wearing a full burka if the left tells them that makes them good women. They do deserve it. But that will put all women in the West at risk. So it must be stopped entirely, no matter how much these women fight against us. They need to be dominated by their own people who want to protect them. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 6 points 7 days ago See also: nose ring permalink parent award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 7 days ago That's for the Dems to lead then around like cattle. I mean most of em weigh as much as cattle so I guess it fits. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 1 points 7 days ago So you're saying a return to patriarchy. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 1 points 7 days ago Enslavement. That's a leftist value. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply fu-greta 36 points 7 days ago Burka may not be coming, but what's real is that Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer.   A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore.  Sharia law, bitches! permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 16 points 7 days ago Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer. A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore. oh, wow, I didn't hear that one . . . that's right, husbands can do whatever they want with their livestock (I mean their wives.) Because under sharia law, there's no difference. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 5 points 7 days ago How on earth could a woman vote for this? permalink parent award report block reply KTGArtist 13 points 7 days ago Women, especially younger women, are very sick, and they don't realize it. permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 13 points 7 days ago The leftists are trying to appease the invaders by not antagonizing them - by not ever saying anything that might anger them and bring down punishment. That's how you know that they are not afraid of Trump. They hate him, but they're not afraid of him. They say horrible things to him and try their best to take him out. They are, however, scared to death of muslims, invaders, criminals, cartels, etc, and that's why they say and do everything possible to appease them. This response is also known as Stockholm Syndrome - when a captive appears to like and sympathize with their captor. It's really not sympathy. It's just appeasement out of fear of being hurt. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ZacPetkanas 6 points 7 days ago Feelings over logic. The 19th was a horrible mistake permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago because they don't know.  they don't read anything but price tags, they believe any lie of the left, and that's it.  they're barely smart enough to call "retarded" permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply LLchurch 5 points 7 days ago You have a link? I want to see that from the towel heads mouth because that sounds like a power he doesn't have. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago Lesbians are going to like that. permalink parent award report block reply artifex_mundi_x 6 points 7 days ago Yes please. permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 6 points 7 days ago I bet many of them would gladly submit. permalink parent award report block reply load 18 more comments...
Wrexxis780 67 points 7 days ago They deserve to finally get their comeuppance. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 31 points 7 days ago They won't see it that way permalink parent award report block reply crashdaddy 31 points 7 days ago ikr. Instagram will be flooded with GRWM! Unboxing my newest BURQA! videos overnight. permalink parent award report block reply ShotgunParade69x 7 points 7 days ago And they will
Be dragged permalink parent award report block reply HeftyAdministration8 2 points 7 days ago "Burqas are so empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad 3 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wrexxis780 11 points 7 days ago Yep.  They will still blame Trump and "white soopremes" But we won't care. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 8 points 7 days ago While wearing burkas permalink parent award report block reply Meatbank84 3 points 7 days ago WE ARE SHOWING SOLIDARITY WITH OTHER CULTURES permalink parent award report block reply DarkHighways2 1 points 7 days ago Suddenly they forget about cultural appropriation lol permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 3 points 7 days ago The nice thing about Islam is that women get to STFU permalink parent award report block reply Diana 2 points 7 days ago They'll still try to find a way to blame Trump and MAGA for it. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
STONKATRUCK 31 points 7 days ago They won't see it that way permalink parent award report block reply crashdaddy 31 points 7 days ago ikr. Instagram will be flooded with GRWM! Unboxing my newest BURQA! videos overnight. permalink parent award report block reply ShotgunParade69x 7 points 7 days ago And they will
Be dragged permalink parent award report block reply HeftyAdministration8 2 points 7 days ago "Burqas are so empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad 3 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Wrexxis780 11 points 7 days ago Yep.  They will still blame Trump and "white soopremes" But we won't care. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 8 points 7 days ago While wearing burkas permalink parent award report block reply Meatbank84 3 points 7 days ago WE ARE SHOWING SOLIDARITY WITH OTHER CULTURES permalink parent award report block reply DarkHighways2 1 points 7 days ago Suddenly they forget about cultural appropriation lol permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 3 points 7 days ago The nice thing about Islam is that women get to STFU permalink parent award report block reply Diana 2 points 7 days ago They'll still try to find a way to blame Trump and MAGA for it. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
crashdaddy 31 points 7 days ago ikr. Instagram will be flooded with GRWM! Unboxing my newest BURQA! videos overnight. permalink parent award report block reply ShotgunParade69x 7 points 7 days ago And they will
Be dragged permalink parent award report block reply HeftyAdministration8 2 points 7 days ago "Burqas are so empowering." permalink parent award report block reply Govtizbad 3 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ShotgunParade69x 7 points 7 days ago And they will
Be dragged permalink parent award report block reply
HeftyAdministration8 2 points 7 days ago "Burqas are so empowering." permalink parent award report block reply
Govtizbad 3 points 7 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Wrexxis780 11 points 7 days ago Yep.  They will still blame Trump and "white soopremes" But we won't care. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 8 points 7 days ago While wearing burkas permalink parent award report block reply
STONKATRUCK 8 points 7 days ago While wearing burkas permalink parent award report block reply
Meatbank84 3 points 7 days ago WE ARE SHOWING SOLIDARITY WITH OTHER CULTURES permalink parent award report block reply DarkHighways2 1 points 7 days ago Suddenly they forget about cultural appropriation lol permalink parent award report block reply
DarkHighways2 1 points 7 days ago Suddenly they forget about cultural appropriation lol permalink parent award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 3 points 7 days ago The nice thing about Islam is that women get to STFU permalink parent award report block reply
Diana 2 points 7 days ago They'll still try to find a way to blame Trump and MAGA for it. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 42 points 7 days ago Stupid leftist bitches make us conservative women look bad. They deserve to suffer. They need to learn the hard way. Maybe then the red pill will go down. permalink parent award report block reply Yheymos 16 points 7 days ago Yes it sucks. I like great women! My wife is incredible! And there are so many great ladies out there. But the Woke are completely lost. A cult the size of a religion has hijacked their minds. They will follow it all the way to wearing a full burka if the left tells them that makes them good women. They do deserve it. But that will put all women in the West at risk. So it must be stopped entirely, no matter how much these women fight against us. They need to be dominated by their own people who want to protect them. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 6 points 7 days ago See also: nose ring permalink parent award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 7 days ago That's for the Dems to lead then around like cattle. I mean most of em weigh as much as cattle so I guess it fits. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 1 points 7 days ago So you're saying a return to patriarchy. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 1 points 7 days ago Enslavement. That's a leftist value. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Yheymos 16 points 7 days ago Yes it sucks. I like great women! My wife is incredible! And there are so many great ladies out there. But the Woke are completely lost. A cult the size of a religion has hijacked their minds. They will follow it all the way to wearing a full burka if the left tells them that makes them good women. They do deserve it. But that will put all women in the West at risk. So it must be stopped entirely, no matter how much these women fight against us. They need to be dominated by their own people who want to protect them. permalink parent award report block reply Bendadick_Arnold 6 points 7 days ago See also: nose ring permalink parent award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 7 days ago That's for the Dems to lead then around like cattle. I mean most of em weigh as much as cattle so I guess it fits. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 1 points 7 days ago So you're saying a return to patriarchy. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 1 points 7 days ago Enslavement. That's a leftist value. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Bendadick_Arnold 6 points 7 days ago See also: nose ring permalink parent award report block reply Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 7 days ago That's for the Dems to lead then around like cattle. I mean most of em weigh as much as cattle so I guess it fits. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Pnw4gotpwd 2 points 7 days ago That's for the Dems to lead then around like cattle. I mean most of em weigh as much as cattle so I guess it fits. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Friendly_B 1 points 7 days ago So you're saying a return to patriarchy. permalink parent award report block reply Anon1970 1 points 7 days ago Enslavement. That's a leftist value. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Anon1970 1 points 7 days ago Enslavement. That's a leftist value. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
fu-greta 36 points 7 days ago Burka may not be coming, but what's real is that Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer.   A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore.  Sharia law, bitches! permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 16 points 7 days ago Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer. A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore. oh, wow, I didn't hear that one . . . that's right, husbands can do whatever they want with their livestock (I mean their wives.) Because under sharia law, there's no difference. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 5 points 7 days ago How on earth could a woman vote for this? permalink parent award report block reply KTGArtist 13 points 7 days ago Women, especially younger women, are very sick, and they don't realize it. permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 13 points 7 days ago The leftists are trying to appease the invaders by not antagonizing them - by not ever saying anything that might anger them and bring down punishment. That's how you know that they are not afraid of Trump. They hate him, but they're not afraid of him. They say horrible things to him and try their best to take him out. They are, however, scared to death of muslims, invaders, criminals, cartels, etc, and that's why they say and do everything possible to appease them. This response is also known as Stockholm Syndrome - when a captive appears to like and sympathize with their captor. It's really not sympathy. It's just appeasement out of fear of being hurt. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ZacPetkanas 6 points 7 days ago Feelings over logic. The 19th was a horrible mistake permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago because they don't know.  they don't read anything but price tags, they believe any lie of the left, and that's it.  they're barely smart enough to call "retarded" permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply LLchurch 5 points 7 days ago You have a link? I want to see that from the towel heads mouth because that sounds like a power he doesn't have. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago Lesbians are going to like that. permalink parent award report block reply
Cuetardian 16 points 7 days ago Mamdani said the police is not going to respond to domestic disputes any longer. A lot of women are in for a rude awakening when they realize that domestic violence is not a crime anymore. oh, wow, I didn't hear that one . . . that's right, husbands can do whatever they want with their livestock (I mean their wives.) Because under sharia law, there's no difference. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 5 points 7 days ago How on earth could a woman vote for this? permalink parent award report block reply KTGArtist 13 points 7 days ago Women, especially younger women, are very sick, and they don't realize it. permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 13 points 7 days ago The leftists are trying to appease the invaders by not antagonizing them - by not ever saying anything that might anger them and bring down punishment. That's how you know that they are not afraid of Trump. They hate him, but they're not afraid of him. They say horrible things to him and try their best to take him out. They are, however, scared to death of muslims, invaders, criminals, cartels, etc, and that's why they say and do everything possible to appease them. This response is also known as Stockholm Syndrome - when a captive appears to like and sympathize with their captor. It's really not sympathy. It's just appeasement out of fear of being hurt. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ZacPetkanas 6 points 7 days ago Feelings over logic. The 19th was a horrible mistake permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago because they don't know.  they don't read anything but price tags, they believe any lie of the left, and that's it.  they're barely smart enough to call "retarded" permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 5 points 7 days ago How on earth could a woman vote for this? permalink parent award report block reply KTGArtist 13 points 7 days ago Women, especially younger women, are very sick, and they don't realize it. permalink parent award report block reply Cuetardian 13 points 7 days ago The leftists are trying to appease the invaders by not antagonizing them - by not ever saying anything that might anger them and bring down punishment. That's how you know that they are not afraid of Trump. They hate him, but they're not afraid of him. They say horrible things to him and try their best to take him out. They are, however, scared to death of muslims, invaders, criminals, cartels, etc, and that's why they say and do everything possible to appease them. This response is also known as Stockholm Syndrome - when a captive appears to like and sympathize with their captor. It's really not sympathy. It's just appeasement out of fear of being hurt. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... ZacPetkanas 6 points 7 days ago Feelings over logic. The 19th was a horrible mistake permalink parent award report block reply Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago because they don't know.  they don't read anything but price tags, they believe any lie of the left, and that's it.  they're barely smart enough to call "retarded" permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
KTGArtist 13 points 7 days ago Women, especially younger women, are very sick, and they don't realize it. permalink parent award report block reply
Cuetardian 13 points 7 days ago The leftists are trying to appease the invaders by not antagonizing them - by not ever saying anything that might anger them and bring down punishment. That's how you know that they are not afraid of Trump. They hate him, but they're not afraid of him. They say horrible things to him and try their best to take him out. They are, however, scared to death of muslims, invaders, criminals, cartels, etc, and that's why they say and do everything possible to appease them. This response is also known as Stockholm Syndrome - when a captive appears to like and sympathize with their captor. It's really not sympathy. It's just appeasement out of fear of being hurt. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
ZacPetkanas 6 points 7 days ago Feelings over logic. The 19th was a horrible mistake permalink parent award report block reply
Covidrrhea 2 points 7 days ago because they don't know.  they don't read anything but price tags, they believe any lie of the left, and that's it.  they're barely smart enough to call "retarded" permalink parent award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
LLchurch 5 points 7 days ago You have a link? I want to see that from the towel heads mouth because that sounds like a power he doesn't have. permalink parent award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago Lesbians are going to like that. permalink parent award report block reply
artifex_mundi_x 6 points 7 days ago Yes please. permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 6 points 7 days ago I bet many of them would gladly submit. permalink parent award report block reply
Purple_Drank 55 points 7 days ago unfortunately these retards will start to move out of NY because of the results of the candidate that they voted for, and they will start seeping into our cities and voting the same way... permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 23 points 7 days ago Thats the plan. They've done this before. Most of the upper east was red. Purposefully high taxes pushed dem voters out into other states where they slowly corrupted small towns, up to cities, etc. Took a decade or so, but the dems work like a hive mind. They'll set something in motion now that won't come to fruition until 20 years later. permalink parent award report block reply FuckReddit4545 6 points 7 days ago The best time to plant a tree... Dems are many things, but they aren't stupid.. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 12 points 7 days ago They were never stupid. They were just completely insane, had a murder boner ad nauseam, and brainwashed to a degree that a fungus has a possibility of growing in that cavity. That was nearly 10 years ago. Its 2-3 times worse than that now. permalink parent award report block reply Isolated_Patriot 2 points 7 days ago They are stupid, they just work for the Devil, and that dude is pretty crafty. permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 2 points 7 days ago This.   We used to visit Milford, PA as a nice conservative walking town in PA.  Gays moved in.   Started gay businesses and magazines.   Now the mayor is a gay Democrat.   They just swarmed the place. permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 1 points 7 days ago I'd agree with this in the past, but I don't think it's going to take 20 years now. permalink parent award report block reply 556x45mm 6 points 7 days ago Cannot be stated enough My uncle moved to Nevada because California taxes, crime, high costs and regulation. Then proceded to vote blue as he always has. My aunt, a die hard lesbian dike liberal moved to Colorado in the early 2000s becuase her lesbian friend moved there. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 23 points 7 days ago Thats the plan. They've done this before. Most of the upper east was red. Purposefully high taxes pushed dem voters out into other states where they slowly corrupted small towns, up to cities, etc. Took a decade or so, but the dems work like a hive mind. They'll set something in motion now that won't come to fruition until 20 years later. permalink parent award report block reply FuckReddit4545 6 points 7 days ago The best time to plant a tree... Dems are many things, but they aren't stupid.. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 12 points 7 days ago They were never stupid. They were just completely insane, had a murder boner ad nauseam, and brainwashed to a degree that a fungus has a possibility of growing in that cavity. That was nearly 10 years ago. Its 2-3 times worse than that now. permalink parent award report block reply Isolated_Patriot 2 points 7 days ago They are stupid, they just work for the Devil, and that dude is pretty crafty. permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 2 points 7 days ago This.   We used to visit Milford, PA as a nice conservative walking town in PA.  Gays moved in.   Started gay businesses and magazines.   Now the mayor is a gay Democrat.   They just swarmed the place. permalink parent award report block reply terribletwos 1 points 7 days ago I'd agree with this in the past, but I don't think it's going to take 20 years now. permalink parent award report block reply
FuckReddit4545 6 points 7 days ago The best time to plant a tree... Dems are many things, but they aren't stupid.. permalink parent award report block reply Aambrick 12 points 7 days ago They were never stupid. They were just completely insane, had a murder boner ad nauseam, and brainwashed to a degree that a fungus has a possibility of growing in that cavity. That was nearly 10 years ago. Its 2-3 times worse than that now. permalink parent award report block reply Isolated_Patriot 2 points 7 days ago They are stupid, they just work for the Devil, and that dude is pretty crafty. permalink parent award report block reply
Aambrick 12 points 7 days ago They were never stupid. They were just completely insane, had a murder boner ad nauseam, and brainwashed to a degree that a fungus has a possibility of growing in that cavity. That was nearly 10 years ago. Its 2-3 times worse than that now. permalink parent award report block reply
Isolated_Patriot 2 points 7 days ago They are stupid, they just work for the Devil, and that dude is pretty crafty. permalink parent award report block reply
infinitysupreme 2 points 7 days ago This.   We used to visit Milford, PA as a nice conservative walking town in PA.  Gays moved in.   Started gay businesses and magazines.   Now the mayor is a gay Democrat.   They just swarmed the place. permalink parent award report block reply
terribletwos 1 points 7 days ago I'd agree with this in the past, but I don't think it's going to take 20 years now. permalink parent award report block reply
556x45mm 6 points 7 days ago Cannot be stated enough My uncle moved to Nevada because California taxes, crime, high costs and regulation. Then proceded to vote blue as he always has. My aunt, a die hard lesbian dike liberal moved to Colorado in the early 2000s becuase her lesbian friend moved there. permalink parent award report block reply
559throw 38 points 7 days ago Hope he burns the entire fucking city to the ground so we can say TOLD YA SO permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 20 points 7 days ago I just don't want to have to pay to bail it out later, but that's what happens with all virtue signaling mayors in blue cities permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 3 points 7 days ago Hawaiian judge will force us to do the bailout permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 12 points 7 days ago You don't have to hope, my friend. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 2 points 7 days ago They still won’t listen permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 20 points 7 days ago I just don't want to have to pay to bail it out later, but that's what happens with all virtue signaling mayors in blue cities permalink parent award report block reply infinitysupreme 3 points 7 days ago Hawaiian judge will force us to do the bailout permalink parent award report block reply
infinitysupreme 3 points 7 days ago Hawaiian judge will force us to do the bailout permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 12 points 7 days ago You don't have to hope, my friend. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 2 points 7 days ago They still won’t listen permalink parent award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs 28 points 7 days ago By the time he gets to that stuff, most of the idiot white women who put him in office will have long since left the city, complaining about all the changes all the while, without a single nanosecond spent considering that they may have been part of the problem. permalink award report block reply wharfthrowaway 22 points 7 days ago They’ll say everything went to shit because greedy old white men ruined it permalink parent award report block reply 70thLike 5 points 7 days ago This reminds me of all the people complaining that San Francisco was ruined by capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 7 days ago They can never accurately determine cause and effect because they didn’t arrive at their worldview by critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply Meatbank84 12 points 7 days ago They will blame republicans. I live far outside of St Louis Missouri which is now a toxic dumpster waste land. It has been under control of dems for ages. They leave the city to the nice suburbs and they say "well this all the republicans fault" regarding the situation of the now uninhabitable city. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 7 points 7 days ago I am convinced the human race has always been a constant battle between the mentally void, and the smart ones permalink parent award report block reply MikesDong 4 points 7 days ago This is guaranteed, like all things they fuck up twist themselves into a pretzel blaming Trump and all the NPCs lap it up on the DNC controlled media. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 7 days ago I literally saw an article about this for Chicago. Libs were angry that Republicans were “not competitive in races, if they even ran at all” because the city was such a mismanaged shithole. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 7 days ago I would bet most women in NYC aren’t White anymore. I would also bet English isn’t even their first language. permalink parent award report block reply
wharfthrowaway 22 points 7 days ago They’ll say everything went to shit because greedy old white men ruined it permalink parent award report block reply 70thLike 5 points 7 days ago This reminds me of all the people complaining that San Francisco was ruined by capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 7 days ago They can never accurately determine cause and effect because they didn’t arrive at their worldview by critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply
70thLike 5 points 7 days ago This reminds me of all the people complaining that San Francisco was ruined by capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 7 days ago They can never accurately determine cause and effect because they didn’t arrive at their worldview by critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 7 days ago They can never accurately determine cause and effect because they didn’t arrive at their worldview by critical thinking permalink parent award report block reply
Meatbank84 12 points 7 days ago They will blame republicans. I live far outside of St Louis Missouri which is now a toxic dumpster waste land. It has been under control of dems for ages. They leave the city to the nice suburbs and they say "well this all the republicans fault" regarding the situation of the now uninhabitable city. permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 7 points 7 days ago I am convinced the human race has always been a constant battle between the mentally void, and the smart ones permalink parent award report block reply MikesDong 4 points 7 days ago This is guaranteed, like all things they fuck up twist themselves into a pretzel blaming Trump and all the NPCs lap it up on the DNC controlled media. permalink parent award report block reply covok48 2 points 7 days ago I literally saw an article about this for Chicago. Libs were angry that Republicans were “not competitive in races, if they even ran at all” because the city was such a mismanaged shithole. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 7 points 7 days ago I am convinced the human race has always been a constant battle between the mentally void, and the smart ones permalink parent award report block reply
MikesDong 4 points 7 days ago This is guaranteed, like all things they fuck up twist themselves into a pretzel blaming Trump and all the NPCs lap it up on the DNC controlled media. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 2 points 7 days ago I literally saw an article about this for Chicago. Libs were angry that Republicans were “not competitive in races, if they even ran at all” because the city was such a mismanaged shithole. permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 7 days ago I would bet most women in NYC aren’t White anymore. I would also bet English isn’t even their first language. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanrahan 20 points 7 days ago Aloha Cashbar permalink award report block reply IAmDisappoint 3 points 7 days ago underrated comment permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
IAmDisappoint 3 points 7 days ago underrated comment permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 19 points 7 days ago It baffles me how many people are fooled into the idea that you can get free anything or that it would be good even if you could. Nothing is free. Nothing. Everything comes at a price. Blood, sweat, tears, it doesn't matter how you pay for it, you will pay for it. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 10 points 7 days ago Oh with no hesitation he said he's go after White people with money. His victory speech stroked the egos of every group he could think of except Americans and White people permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 5 points 7 days ago They reap what they sow. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 7 days ago When White people become as tribal and violent as blacks, they will really regret what they’ve done permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 2 points 7 days ago It's free if you pay for it and I don't permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich -1 points 7 days ago Then that's not free, dumb ass. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago You have to get into the moocher/socialist mindset.  Whatever the government can squeeze out of you by force to give to me is free stuff. permalink parent award report block reply Karpus 1 points 7 days ago Retarded leftists have this idea that they’ll get to sit around all day drinking and discussing art, etc.  They have no idea that most of them, with their liberal arts degrees, will at best be sent to labor camps. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago At best. They have to survive the artificial famine first. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 7 days ago it doesn't matter the point to is tell the ruling class FUCK YOU same reason people voted for Trump permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 2 points 7 days ago It is. But that's not what they're doing here. They're just voting for one ruling class over another, because the first promises free shit. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 10 points 7 days ago Oh with no hesitation he said he's go after White people with money. His victory speech stroked the egos of every group he could think of except Americans and White people permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 5 points 7 days ago They reap what they sow. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 7 days ago When White people become as tribal and violent as blacks, they will really regret what they’ve done permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 5 points 7 days ago They reap what they sow. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 7 days ago When White people become as tribal and violent as blacks, they will really regret what they’ve done permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 7 days ago When White people become as tribal and violent as blacks, they will really regret what they’ve done permalink parent award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 2 points 7 days ago It's free if you pay for it and I don't permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich -1 points 7 days ago Then that's not free, dumb ass. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago You have to get into the moocher/socialist mindset.  Whatever the government can squeeze out of you by force to give to me is free stuff. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich -1 points 7 days ago Then that's not free, dumb ass. permalink parent award report block reply Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago You have to get into the moocher/socialist mindset.  Whatever the government can squeeze out of you by force to give to me is free stuff. permalink parent award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 1 points 7 days ago You have to get into the moocher/socialist mindset.  Whatever the government can squeeze out of you by force to give to me is free stuff. permalink parent award report block reply
Karpus 1 points 7 days ago Retarded leftists have this idea that they’ll get to sit around all day drinking and discussing art, etc.  They have no idea that most of them, with their liberal arts degrees, will at best be sent to labor camps. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago At best. They have to survive the artificial famine first. permalink parent award report block reply
SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago At best. They have to survive the artificial famine first. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 7 days ago it doesn't matter the point to is tell the ruling class FUCK YOU same reason people voted for Trump permalink parent award report block reply Rydanovich 2 points 7 days ago It is. But that's not what they're doing here. They're just voting for one ruling class over another, because the first promises free shit. permalink parent award report block reply
Rydanovich 2 points 7 days ago It is. But that's not what they're doing here. They're just voting for one ruling class over another, because the first promises free shit. permalink parent award report block reply
sully 15 points 7 days ago Cash bar is a weird form of socialism I’ve never heard of before permalink award report block reply
npc_1234 13 points 7 days ago This reminds me of the meme with Bernie and AOC going out to dinner. permalink award report block reply
EdBuck 12 points 7 days ago Haha permalink award report block reply
Lurkermon 11 points 7 days ago Lock the Cash Bar Lock the Cash Bar You don't really, really need it. permalink award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 3 points 7 days ago Nice permalink parent award report block reply covok48 1 points 7 days ago Weird Al should have covered that song. permalink parent award report block reply
sod_off_shotgun 3 points 7 days ago Nice permalink parent award report block reply
covok48 1 points 7 days ago Weird Al should have covered that song. permalink parent award report block reply
Exsultate 11 points 7 days ago Goats milk and goat fucking. permalink award report block reply minttea2 4 points 7 days ago Prego goat fucking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw5gHBND3ZQ https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/archive/haryana/gang-raped-pregnant-goat-dies-in-mewat-628148/ https://www.newindianexpress.com/states/kerala/2022/Mar/30/three-men-rape-kill-a-heavily-pregnant-goat-in-kerala-2435886.html https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/up-man-accused-of-raping-mother-arrested-for-sexually-assaulting-and-killing-pregnant-goat-report-101730358034042.html https://www.desiblitz.com/content/indian-man-arrested-for-raping-a-pregnant-goat permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 3 points 7 days ago Fermented goat milk was a delicacy in Mongolia. Probably not so much the goat fucking, though. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 7 days ago Kumis is normally horse milk not goat milk. They taste very different. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 7 days ago During the Conquest many Khans converted to Islam permalink parent award report block reply
minttea2 4 points 7 days ago Prego goat fucking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw5gHBND3ZQ https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/archive/haryana/gang-raped-pregnant-goat-dies-in-mewat-628148/ https://www.newindianexpress.com/states/kerala/2022/Mar/30/three-men-rape-kill-a-heavily-pregnant-goat-in-kerala-2435886.html https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/up-man-accused-of-raping-mother-arrested-for-sexually-assaulting-and-killing-pregnant-goat-report-101730358034042.html https://www.desiblitz.com/content/indian-man-arrested-for-raping-a-pregnant-goat permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 3 points 7 days ago Fermented goat milk was a delicacy in Mongolia. Probably not so much the goat fucking, though. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 7 days ago Kumis is normally horse milk not goat milk. They taste very different. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 7 days ago During the Conquest many Khans converted to Islam permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 7 days ago Kumis is normally horse milk not goat milk. They taste very different. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 7 days ago During the Conquest many Khans converted to Islam permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 10 points 7 days ago is it funnier when a supposed mohammedan has a booze up, or is it funnier when a supposed communist meets with the CEO of JPmorgan ? permalink award report block reply
thisisatestof2 10 points 7 days ago His campaign reminded me a bit of the person burning from middle school class president. Then campaign on extra recess or something like that, but in the end, it just made you feel good and was never gonna happen. permalink award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 9 points 7 days ago Free FAST buses. The busses aren't going to be any faster and they certainly aren't free. They won't be running on time that's for sure. There's going to be a yuge parking lot stacked with broken down metro busses that they don't have the budget to repair. permalink award report block reply NYRepublican72 7 points 7 days ago This asshole doesn't even control the MTA as mayor. He needs to convince the state to go along. Good luck with that. The surrounding suburban counties that pay the MTA tax won't be too thrilled to subsidize this bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply JLoonacy 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
NYRepublican72 7 points 7 days ago This asshole doesn't even control the MTA as mayor. He needs to convince the state to go along. Good luck with that. The surrounding suburban counties that pay the MTA tax won't be too thrilled to subsidize this bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply JLoonacy 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
JLoonacy 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 6 points 7 days ago Is Mamdani a Muslim or a communist? Communism requires substance abuse, such as alcoholism. Muslims ban alcohol to prevent substance abuse. Gotta pick one. I expect that he's way more communist than Muslim, as he served alcohol at his victory party. permalink award report block reply popcycle 11 points 7 days ago neither a nor b. he's a total fraud.  goodness, can't you see it in his face? permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago Taqiyya allows him to drink if it furthers the dominance of Islam in the long run. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago Source? I'd like to use this to convince my Muslim neighbors to try some booze. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 6 days ago https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taqiyya Don't bother. The purpose of taqiyya is to allow them to trick you into either not knowing they're Muslims, or not knowing what having too many Muslims around leads to. They're not going to drink booze just because a non-Muslim suggested it, especially if they think Islam is in a strong position. They might drink if they sense danger if they refuse. Mamdani, being embedded in a group of drug-addicted fags, might sense danger from them. He could be trying to portray Islam as being compatible with leftist values like tolerance and degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 11 points 7 days ago neither a nor b. he's a total fraud.  goodness, can't you see it in his face? permalink parent award report block reply Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply
SicilianOmega 1 points 7 days ago Taqiyya allows him to drink if it furthers the dominance of Islam in the long run. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago Source? I'd like to use this to convince my Muslim neighbors to try some booze. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 6 days ago https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taqiyya Don't bother. The purpose of taqiyya is to allow them to trick you into either not knowing they're Muslims, or not knowing what having too many Muslims around leads to. They're not going to drink booze just because a non-Muslim suggested it, especially if they think Islam is in a strong position. They might drink if they sense danger if they refuse. Mamdani, being embedded in a group of drug-addicted fags, might sense danger from them. He could be trying to portray Islam as being compatible with leftist values like tolerance and degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 6 days ago Source? I'd like to use this to convince my Muslim neighbors to try some booze. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 6 days ago https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taqiyya Don't bother. The purpose of taqiyya is to allow them to trick you into either not knowing they're Muslims, or not knowing what having too many Muslims around leads to. They're not going to drink booze just because a non-Muslim suggested it, especially if they think Islam is in a strong position. They might drink if they sense danger if they refuse. Mamdani, being embedded in a group of drug-addicted fags, might sense danger from them. He could be trying to portray Islam as being compatible with leftist values like tolerance and degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply
SicilianOmega 1 points 6 days ago https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taqiyya Don't bother. The purpose of taqiyya is to allow them to trick you into either not knowing they're Muslims, or not knowing what having too many Muslims around leads to. They're not going to drink booze just because a non-Muslim suggested it, especially if they think Islam is in a strong position. They might drink if they sense danger if they refuse. Mamdani, being embedded in a group of drug-addicted fags, might sense danger from them. He could be trying to portray Islam as being compatible with leftist values like tolerance and degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply
MemeLawd 5 points 7 days ago We need an accurate census so all these rats can be deported back into their shithole from red states they're taking refuge in permalink award report block reply
drmrboy 5 points 7 days ago SOCIALISM IS FOR THE PEOPLE ... NOT THE SOCIALIST. 🤓 permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago "A good communist is always a good capitalist" permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 1 points 7 days ago "A good communist is always a good capitalist" permalink parent award report block reply
jiminycricket1941 5 points 7 days ago I actually HOPE with every fiber of my being that this shit skin mayor accelerates NYC to Islamic sharia rule. I can’t fucking wait. permalink award report block reply Fren20 2 points 7 days ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply
Fren20 2 points 7 days ago Exactly permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 5 points 7 days ago I don't understand why didn't he just charge himself, a millionaire, a tax to make sure everyone could afford booze? permalink award report block reply
0care 4 points 7 days ago This whole NY thing is hilarious, but I fear new yorkers moving to my state and bringing their shit policy with them permalink award report block reply Fren20 1 points 7 days ago Hell no let's push for highy taxes on nyc people moving to another state permalink parent award report block reply PowerOfBlues -1 points 7 days ago I don't want to move to your shit State.....I prefer NYC.... despite it's shit policies..... because there's more to life than just policies....am I'm sure your GOP Senator is just another kid fucker like all the rest of them permalink parent award report block reply
Fren20 1 points 7 days ago Hell no let's push for highy taxes on nyc people moving to another state permalink parent award report block reply
PowerOfBlues -1 points 7 days ago I don't want to move to your shit State.....I prefer NYC.... despite it's shit policies..... because there's more to life than just policies....am I'm sure your GOP Senator is just another kid fucker like all the rest of them permalink parent award report block reply
roflcopt0rz_returns 4 points 7 days ago Anyone who voted for mamdani should not be allowed to leave NYC for the rest of their lives. If you enjoy communism so much, put your money where your mouth is. permalink award report block reply
anti_masker 4 points 7 days ago mamdani is a shithead but alcohol is for degenerates anyway permalink award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 7 days ago Mamdani also claims to be Muslim, but here he is supplying alcohol. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 7 points 7 days ago I didn't drink much, maybe a six pack total across two weekends.  But now I don't drink at all and it feels so damn good! permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 4 points 7 days ago Same. Quit like 5 years ago and I'll never go back. Alcohol is trash permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 7 days ago It is, good for you! permalink parent award report block reply TX4TW 3 points 7 days ago Mushrooms are where it’s at permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 4 points 7 days ago I'd have to start drinking if I was in NY. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 7 points 7 days ago Mamdani also claims to be Muslim, but here he is supplying alcohol. permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 7 points 7 days ago I didn't drink much, maybe a six pack total across two weekends.  But now I don't drink at all and it feels so damn good! permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 4 points 7 days ago Same. Quit like 5 years ago and I'll never go back. Alcohol is trash permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 7 days ago It is, good for you! permalink parent award report block reply TX4TW 3 points 7 days ago Mushrooms are where it’s at permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 4 points 7 days ago I'd have to start drinking if I was in NY. permalink parent award report block reply
anti_masker 4 points 7 days ago Same. Quit like 5 years ago and I'll never go back. Alcohol is trash permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 7 days ago It is, good for you! permalink parent award report block reply TX4TW 3 points 7 days ago Mushrooms are where it’s at permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 6 points 7 days ago It is, good for you! permalink parent award report block reply
TX4TW 3 points 7 days ago Mushrooms are where it’s at permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 4 points 7 days ago I'd have to start drinking if I was in NY. permalink parent award report block reply
KTGArtist 3 points 7 days ago I hope they ban dogs from parks and city streets.
I hope they require women to wear a head scarf. permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago More people should get pet pigs and walk them around permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago More people should get pet pigs and walk them around permalink parent award report block reply
Pnw4gotpwd 3 points 7 days ago So alcohol is not allowed in the Islamic faith... Just saying. I think this prick is a genuinely Muslim as pelosi and Biden are Catholic. What he is is a scummy criminal loving welfare pandering commie shitbag permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago Again: (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago Again: (D)o you really think he gives one single goat fuck ? permalink parent award report block reply
Dev404 3 points 7 days ago All those women who voted for that commie shitbag will be getting culturally enriched before long. Good job, feminists. You imported rape culture and then put it in charge. permalink award report block reply Fren20 1 points 7 days ago The bitches are so stupid,let's push for burquas in nyc permalink parent award report block reply
Fren20 1 points 7 days ago The bitches are so stupid,let's push for burquas in nyc permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA-2028 3 points 7 days ago lol that’s not happening. Who comes up with this shit? permalink award report block reply
Basedpeda 3 points 7 days ago Yikes that is wild permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 2 points 7 days ago In NY he will be using their money. permalink award report block reply
tired-of-crap 2 points 7 days ago Wait until he finds out how much taxes he's going to lose if he stops the city from drinking. permalink award report block reply
Ikewin32 2 points 7 days ago The funny part is having a cash bar sounds like a fiscally responsible and reasonable position. permalink award report block reply
American-Free-Man 2 points 7 days ago Jimmy's got this one wrong. Even though Mamdani is a socialist he believes in capitalism for himself (cash bar). The free food and buses are going to come from other peoples money (socialism) until it runs out. (communism) permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago They all (D)o permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago They all (D)o permalink parent award report block reply
6iggu56icku5 2 points 7 days ago He's probably Mossad... permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago That makes a lot of sense permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago That makes a lot of sense permalink parent award report block reply
COnDEMnED 2 points 7 days ago Alcohol is allowed in dirka dirka? permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago What about bakka lakka permalink parent award report block reply
Justlooking250 2 points 7 days ago What about bakka lakka permalink parent award report block reply
Nephrum 2 points 7 days ago Wait till they start banning dogs everywhere. permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 7 days ago But they will have a public goat fucking 🐐 permalink award report block reply
presticus 2 points 7 days ago Socialism: it's only free when someone else pays for it. permalink award report block reply
infinitysupreme 2 points 7 days ago In Muslim lands, alcohol is forbidden, except for the ultra rich who get the best alcohol in the world permalink award report block reply
4886Battery 2 points 7 days ago In the UK alcohol is greatly appreciated by the Muslim population, the men anyway, I mean it's quite a useful tool in getting female children to be rape slaves and for the girls' families to pretend their kids aren't being destroyed.  "Drink up, NYC!" permalink award report block reply
Pappy_Gunn 2 points 7 days ago Nah there will be free buses.  Taxpayers pay for that.  The bar?  He'd have to pay for it.  The surest way to get a free drink from a Democrat is to stick your finger down their throats. permalink award report block reply
RealRedneck 2 points 7 days ago I really want to see the mafia make a resurgence. permalink award report block reply
texas4ever 2 points 7 days ago Won't be that direct. I just see more of the same decline, soft on crime and more taxes and rules to slow the economy. permalink award report block reply
Whozat 1 points 7 days ago They are not going to start changing NY to muslim.
They need to wait until the get more muslims in charge. permalink award report block reply Fren20 1 points 7 days ago Oh yeah just wait permalink parent award report block reply
Fren20 1 points 7 days ago Oh yeah just wait permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 1 points 7 days ago Wow, the zionist are enraged. So he's not going to kiss the wall, why do you care? permalink award report block reply
Bboop 1 points 7 days ago And dogs permalink award report block reply
Constitution_1788 1 points 7 days ago Hahahahahahahaha permalink award report block reply
Oodles 1 points 7 days ago Nothing free for the Kāfir permalink award report block reply
OTher55 1 points 6 days ago Can't wait to see what happens when Mamdani declares weed to be haram, too. THAT'S what his low IQ voters REALLY care about. That and having the option to be sluts and abort their babies. permalink award report block reply
ConRep1818 1 points 6 days ago Cash bar?  I thought he was a Muslim?? permalink award report block reply
TexasBrowncoat 1 points 6 days ago How about training a bunch of Texas "Hogzillas" to run into mosques and crap all over the place? Hog Team Six! permalink award report block reply
PepesJusticeBoner 1 points 4 days ago Breaking news! NYC declares 1000% tax on all pork products. I'm kidding but I wouldn't be shocked if it happened under muzzie Mamdani. permalink award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 1 points 7 days ago Communism for them, "capitalism" for you. permalink award report block reply
TedWLieu 1 points 7 days ago he had a cash bar and to get a drink, you had to show your 2024 tax return. If you were in the top 1% of earners, you had to pay 20% more for your drink. He's trying to condition residents for what's coming. permalink award report block reply
barronwin 1 points 7 days ago i highly doubt that will happen to alcohol permalink award report block reply
And_Im_Kenny_Rogers 1 points 7 days ago It’s never going to be that extreme , and that’s the problem. If it were that in your face even the legacy media couldn’t cover. But instead it will be little incursions on freedom and capitalism here and there. permalink award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 7 days ago mamdani isn't the fucking taliban he's a libshit who's new cabinet is all libshit white broads all this muslim hysterics are retarded and don't lead to actually solving any problems permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 7 days ago Fun fact:  Muslims can eat kosher food but Jews can't eat halal food.  Because the Jews require a rabbi to certify it while Muslims only care that the supplier attested to its provenance.  Meanwhile here in the "land of the free", we have to ask our government's permission to be allowed to eat or drink any particular thing.  I'll let the reader decide which of these three retarded things are the most retarded. permalink award report block reply
74lampshades 1 points 7 days ago That's a stupid take. There's enough to criticize without going into some 'cash bar' at a party. permalink award report block reply
Nomad899 1 points 7 days ago Enjoy the 0500 wake up calls every morning permalink award report block reply
doomerglowie2 1 points 6 days ago He will give free food and buses, so long as its not his money. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 7 days ago They don't move that fast it would tip too many people off, London has been occupied for like a decade and they still have alcohol. permalink award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 1 points 7 days ago they will gladly give up alcohol to stick it to Trump tbh alcohol consumption rates have been declining, they could spin this as a "health measure" anyway some crunchy libs are anti-alcohol entirely permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 1 points 7 days ago Cash bar is more than haram, it's verboten permalink award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 6 days ago I think he will set out to bankrupt the City permalink award report block reply
BirthHole 1 points 7 days ago worried about NYC becoming islam-ified while Congress is literally owned by AIPAC. permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 1 points 7 days ago Blacks will kill muslims over a 40 ounce. Muslims are in for some shit that they cannot understand. permalink award report block reply
VanillaCupCake 1 points 7 days ago the islamic takeover of NYC has begun... look at Detroit. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 7 days ago LOL permalink award report block reply
BuSpocky 1 points 7 days ago Cheat harder next time permalink award report block reply
Mintap 1 points 7 days ago Trump doesn't drink because it is good for him, not because he has to. And Trump won't force others to not drink. permalink award report block reply
Philhelm 1 points 7 days ago Nah, it will probably be secular commie bullshit at this stage. permalink award report block reply
LWGII 1 points 7 days ago No more Wine O'Clock, Ladies. permalink award report block reply
Aoikaze2000 1 points 7 days ago All the NYC peeps: Learn to grill pork and do it nightly. Make those fuckers want what they can't have. permalink award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 1 points 7 days ago Honestly, I don't think that will happen... But I agree with the snark. permalink award report block reply
Chungus53 1 points 7 days ago Oh, FFS. He's not a secret traditionalist religious fundamentalist, he's exactly what he looks like. A red diaper baby with no sincere beliefs who grew up learning that whining about Whitey was the way to be comfortable in life. permalink award report block reply
CharlesWilliams 1 points 7 days ago I’d almost like to see robed “morality police” walking the sidewalks of NYC with sticks chastising miscreants. permalink award report block reply
Than0sIII 1 points 7 days ago No refunds. permalink award report block reply
America101 1 points 7 days ago New Yorker thought things were bad, it is really going to start getting really bad. All the freebies comes with a price tab. You would think after 9/11 means something or now it is probably over run with illegals that don't give a shit about American culture. New York would be like Minnesota and Michigan a Muslin run state. Muslims are gaining their territory. permalink award report block reply
26magarat 1 points 7 days ago I feel sorry for the dogs, too. permalink award report block reply
petra77 1 points 6 days ago And keep an eye on your dogs!! permalink award report block reply
Sup101 1 points 7 days ago And tits..
Sadiq khan took advertising titties away permalink award report block reply
VinnysMagicGrits 1 points 7 days ago How much money did this guy raise in his campaign?  Surely he can use  around $20k of those funds for an open bar.  It would be a drop in the bucket compared to the entire campaign funds. permalink award report block reply
JediDwag 1 points 6 days ago I worked with a young guy who was smart and a good programmer, but was a self identified socialist. I just couldn't understand why any intelligent rational person would think socialism was a good thing, since most people who advocate socialism are not that bright. I very slowly Socratic methoded him over a few hours while we were working on a project, and eventually I got him to admit that socialism would probably require at least 24 hours of compelled labor a week. Aka slavery. I don't think he had ever actually thought about these things or how it would actually work. It's sad because he probably coming at it from a place of empathy without understanding the outcome, which is compelled labor under threat of violence. I don't think I sufficiently dissuaded him, but I did at least convince him that he could join a socialist conclave without forcing society to adopt socialism. Which of you keep an extremely strict membership requirements is one way it could probably work on a small scale. I wonder if he ever tried. I doubt it. tldr: Socialism works, we just need to bring back slavery. permalink award report block reply
Shinydenim 0 points 7 days ago Last time I checked I couldn’t drink prepositions permalink award report block reply
canada_is_communist -2 points 7 days ago Good. Alcohol is evil antway permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
BillyBobJimmyJoe 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
new_guy2 1 points 7 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply