1024 Transportation Secretary Duffy Announces FAA Will Reduce Flight Capacity Starting Friday Because of the Schumer Shutdown Impacting 4,000+ Flights Nationwide (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 6 days ago by rdvs34283 61 comments award share report block Transportation Secretary Duffy Announces FAA Will Reduce Flight Capacity Starting Friday Because of the Schumer Shutdown Impacti... At a press conference on Wednesday, Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy announced new airspace restrictions because of the ongoing Schumer shutdown to help “reduce risks in national airspace.” Reuters reports that the shutdown” has forced 13,000 ... www.thegatewaypundit.com
61 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style MAGAguitar 42 points 6 days ago Thanksgiving air travel will be extra special this year! 🦃 permalink award report block reply McFatty7 27 points 6 days ago Shut down flights in the Blue States. Make them feel the pain they're causing to the rest of the country. Democrats would do the same to the Red States. permalink parent award report block reply unapologeticpatriot 11 points 6 days ago Unfortunately, I don’t think that’s how the whole network of flying works. permalink parent award report block reply BeekeepingPatriot 1 points 6 days ago My state is blue and I bet we have more Trump voters than you do permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 1 points 6 days ago I’m in New Jersey. permalink parent award report block reply Coslin 19 points 6 days ago Flying to Tampa Friday out of Logan. This is going to make it extra fun, it sounds like. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 7 points 6 days ago Post 9-11 flight schedule; never forget permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 3 points 6 days ago I'm flying out next Thursday for my son's wedding. Hope we make it (commiefornia) permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 18 points 6 days ago New rule: Members of Congress get paid minimum wage during shutdowns. If they abandon their posts they go to jail. I'm going to be pissed if my flight home is delayed. permalink award report block reply Donger-Lord 9 points 6 days ago The problem is, the rich ones (most of them) will simply be able to do whatever they want while the dumb ones that live paycheck to paycheck will cave and pass whatever is in the bill simply so they get paid. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 0 points 6 days ago Trump just needs to cross the Rubicon and rename us "New Rome." permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago Start pissing.. could be worse.. at least you don't have to deal with the nogs in Atlanta airport. permalink parent award report block reply Odyssey 15 points 6 days ago The shutdown successfully delivered the message that Democrats win more during the government shutdown and Israel wins more when it's not. America wins in neither of the times. permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 12 points 6 days ago Start rejecting the commercial passenger international flights first. Might do some good. permalink award report block reply sgttoporbottoms 12 points 6 days ago Congress could’ve nuked the filibuster but they’re feckless cowards. Republicans really are the worst of the elitists. At least Democrats throw their base a bone in the process of grifting all the money they can. permalink award report block reply lolpaladins 11 points 6 days ago Republicans know where they get their "real" paycheck from. And it's AIPAC, not the American people. Deport all dual-citizens. Or at minimum ban them from serving in government. Somalia is just as bad as Israel too. permalink parent award report block reply OTher55 12 points 6 days ago 40 airports will have 10% less flights allowed. Blessing in disguise for some families looking to save money and headaches by not visiting leftarded relatives for Thanksgiving. permalink award report block reply josiborg 8 points 6 days ago This past few days I've been introduced to an insane amount of people convinced this is all Trump and R's fault because they're in power ... merely since they don't understand how government works. They have no clue 5 votes are being held by D's nor do they understand it. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 6 days ago The entire leftist echo chambers in MSM and big tech are 100% convinced that the evil racist Trump and Republicans are at fault permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago If Smith Mundt isn't dealt with the same thing happens next year . permalink parent award report block reply KeepAmericaAmerica 1 points 6 days ago I love the lefty talking point of "Republicans could end this anytime, all they have to do is give the Democrats what they want". So... the Democrats are to blame? No, the Republicans! It's "but I did have breakfast yesterday" levels of dissonance and nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 0 points 6 days ago Welcome to politics. Spoiler Alert : we play the exact same retard game permalink parent award report block reply pissedblackpatriot 0 points 4 days ago Senate repubs have been the ones mostly pushing back the negotiations. Just because people present the facts poorly doesn’t mean the reality of the situation is not evident. The real dissonance is the fact that they genuinely have not acted as if they are willing to make any concessions. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 8 points 6 days ago Make sure to close down Reagan, BWI and DULLES FIRST!!! permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago ...I am flying from BWI next week. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 8 points 6 days ago Yes.  Make it permanent. permalink award report block reply PoorMansPsychiatrist 6 points 6 days ago I just flew up to Reno from McCarren last week. Very short line ar TSA outgoing. It was a breeze. Coming back virtually no lines. A very nice surprise. permalink award report block reply lolpaladins 9 points 6 days ago tourism to vegas is at an extreme low. It's become too expensive to do anything there, it's no longer a destination for 80% of americans who would have visited there even just 10 years ago. permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Vegas doesn’t want poor people visiting. They make more by pricing the bottom 80% out. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 4 points 6 days ago OH please make it all the international flights so the "refugees" can't take Family Leave and go back to the shithole nations they were "fleeing" to get refugee status.    Please make it impossible for those who left to make it back here and for those who want to go to have to actually show up at their jobs instead. permalink award report block reply Logan051361 3 points 6 days ago Ground all flights.  Don't let Dems travel. No private planes either. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 3 points 6 days ago Democrats only know how to make life miserable for everyone when they don't get their way. I feel like my ex girlfriend is running that party permalink award report block reply TestableHypothesis 3 points 6 days ago New strategy; call both houses into session. Start passing 2-page piecemeal bills. Queue up the one to fund the FAA but keep pushing to the end. The FAA goes on strike, shutting down every airport within 100 miles of DC or in a state of a senator who refuses up pass the bills. permalink award report block reply Underpants 2 points 6 days ago FAA cannot strike. permalink parent award report block reply TestableHypothesis 2 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's things they can do. Put in resignation notice, call in sick, refuse to allow flights through airspace, redirect to distant places, etc.
Once word gets out, pilots and airlines just won't bother. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 2 points 6 days ago Didn't they strike during Reagan's term and he fired them? permalink parent award report block reply Underpants 2 points 6 days ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 6 days ago I'm supposed to fly Tuesday. Yay. Guess I will just drive instead. permalink award report block reply 1LoathsomeDove 1 points 6 days ago Fewer emissions, smaller carbon footprint, climate change.
Jeesh people ... keep up. permalink award report block reply Guttermouth2024 1 points 6 days ago There goes my wedding haha permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 6 days ago Which part of the constitution specifically gave the fedgov the power to have an FAA?  Do you think the founding generation would have thought that the constitution they had ratified might one day be read to grant this authority?  Actually, some of them did.  Which is why they wrote the 9th and 10th amendments, which could be summarized as "powers are limited and enumerated and we really mean it". permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 6 days ago Target Democrat States to have the most services cut off. permalink award report block reply GoUSA 1 points 6 days ago Oh I was wondering how they were going to justify doubling the prices of flights forever permalink award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago Actually retarded.. b doesn't follow a in this case.  Less people per plane doesn't help the problem. The problem is the number of ATC .. not the passenger per plane. permalink award report block reply Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Less passengers helps TSA. permalink parent award report block reply thisguy883 0 points 6 days ago I wonder how this affects shipments. permalink award report block reply Executarian2 -4 points 6 days ago This is yet ANOTHER reason why we’re fucked next midterms. No regular voter believes this is anybody but Trump’s fault. Why are we cheering this on like this is anything but an enormous impending disaster for the right? permalink award report block reply newestofnew -8 points 6 days ago why don't we use AI? we've spent trillions in investment so it should be able to handle something that has established rules and protocols and operates on a strict logic tree of if/then decisions in a controlled orderly and routine environment. should be ready for game time? permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 6 days ago Yes, I would love Skynet and the beast system to crash my plane into the ocean! permalink parent award report block reply FauciOuchi -1 points 6 days ago I’d trust Skynet over white women though permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago Skynet will always serve the antiChrist no matter what. At least you can appeal to women's "empathy". permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 6 days ago Leftist women. permalink parent award report block reply nmipede 2 points 6 days ago Here's current AI in action, genius. https://people.com/waymo-self-driving-taxi-misses-flight-car-drives-in-circles-8770519 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DRLqtbVfjs https://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/driver-fell-asleep-at-wheel-of-autopilot-driven-tesla-before-it-hit-police-car/3845812/ https://www.consumershield.com/articles/self-driving-car-accidents-trends https://www.theverge.com/2024/4/26/24141361/tesla-autopilot-fsd-nhtsa-investigation-report-crash-death There are hundreds of crashes reported. These are just cars. All operating at the same altitude and at a much slower pace . Do you get it yet? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Yes AI has messed up. Seems like a totally different problem space though being in the atmosphere with large separations and only birds below certain altitudes to worry about. Give a specific model training data on a major transit hub in the airport system, it would be more than able to assist. permalink parent award report block reply nmipede 1 points 6 days ago You<------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------reailty. Have a nice day. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Proficiency: (you)           [---------------------------]-------------------------------X (AI) permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Cuetardian 1 points 6 days ago something that has established rules and protocols and operates on a strict logic tree of if/then decisions in a controlled orderly and routine environment When something goes wrong in the air, it happens in an instant and it's anything but "controlled and orderly" that's why you need humans up there who can act on the combination of instinct and long experience. No machine has that. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 3 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
MAGAguitar 42 points 6 days ago Thanksgiving air travel will be extra special this year! 🦃 permalink award report block reply McFatty7 27 points 6 days ago Shut down flights in the Blue States. Make them feel the pain they're causing to the rest of the country. Democrats would do the same to the Red States. permalink parent award report block reply unapologeticpatriot 11 points 6 days ago Unfortunately, I don’t think that’s how the whole network of flying works. permalink parent award report block reply BeekeepingPatriot 1 points 6 days ago My state is blue and I bet we have more Trump voters than you do permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 1 points 6 days ago I’m in New Jersey. permalink parent award report block reply
McFatty7 27 points 6 days ago Shut down flights in the Blue States. Make them feel the pain they're causing to the rest of the country. Democrats would do the same to the Red States. permalink parent award report block reply unapologeticpatriot 11 points 6 days ago Unfortunately, I don’t think that’s how the whole network of flying works. permalink parent award report block reply BeekeepingPatriot 1 points 6 days ago My state is blue and I bet we have more Trump voters than you do permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 1 points 6 days ago I’m in New Jersey. permalink parent award report block reply
unapologeticpatriot 11 points 6 days ago Unfortunately, I don’t think that’s how the whole network of flying works. permalink parent award report block reply
BeekeepingPatriot 1 points 6 days ago My state is blue and I bet we have more Trump voters than you do permalink parent award report block reply McFatty7 1 points 6 days ago I’m in New Jersey. permalink parent award report block reply
McFatty7 1 points 6 days ago I’m in New Jersey. permalink parent award report block reply
Coslin 19 points 6 days ago Flying to Tampa Friday out of Logan. This is going to make it extra fun, it sounds like. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 7 points 6 days ago Post 9-11 flight schedule; never forget permalink parent award report block reply FuckU/Spez 3 points 6 days ago I'm flying out next Thursday for my son's wedding. Hope we make it (commiefornia) permalink parent award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 7 points 6 days ago Post 9-11 flight schedule; never forget permalink parent award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 3 points 6 days ago I'm flying out next Thursday for my son's wedding. Hope we make it (commiefornia) permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 18 points 6 days ago New rule: Members of Congress get paid minimum wage during shutdowns. If they abandon their posts they go to jail. I'm going to be pissed if my flight home is delayed. permalink award report block reply Donger-Lord 9 points 6 days ago The problem is, the rich ones (most of them) will simply be able to do whatever they want while the dumb ones that live paycheck to paycheck will cave and pass whatever is in the bill simply so they get paid. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 0 points 6 days ago Trump just needs to cross the Rubicon and rename us "New Rome." permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago Start pissing.. could be worse.. at least you don't have to deal with the nogs in Atlanta airport. permalink parent award report block reply
Donger-Lord 9 points 6 days ago The problem is, the rich ones (most of them) will simply be able to do whatever they want while the dumb ones that live paycheck to paycheck will cave and pass whatever is in the bill simply so they get paid. permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 0 points 6 days ago Trump just needs to cross the Rubicon and rename us "New Rome." permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 0 points 6 days ago Trump just needs to cross the Rubicon and rename us "New Rome." permalink parent award report block reply
FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago Start pissing.. could be worse.. at least you don't have to deal with the nogs in Atlanta airport. permalink parent award report block reply
Odyssey 15 points 6 days ago The shutdown successfully delivered the message that Democrats win more during the government shutdown and Israel wins more when it's not. America wins in neither of the times. permalink award report block reply
BoomShtick 12 points 6 days ago Start rejecting the commercial passenger international flights first. Might do some good. permalink award report block reply
sgttoporbottoms 12 points 6 days ago Congress could’ve nuked the filibuster but they’re feckless cowards. Republicans really are the worst of the elitists. At least Democrats throw their base a bone in the process of grifting all the money they can. permalink award report block reply lolpaladins 11 points 6 days ago Republicans know where they get their "real" paycheck from. And it's AIPAC, not the American people. Deport all dual-citizens. Or at minimum ban them from serving in government. Somalia is just as bad as Israel too. permalink parent award report block reply
lolpaladins 11 points 6 days ago Republicans know where they get their "real" paycheck from. And it's AIPAC, not the American people. Deport all dual-citizens. Or at minimum ban them from serving in government. Somalia is just as bad as Israel too. permalink parent award report block reply
OTher55 12 points 6 days ago 40 airports will have 10% less flights allowed. Blessing in disguise for some families looking to save money and headaches by not visiting leftarded relatives for Thanksgiving. permalink award report block reply
josiborg 8 points 6 days ago This past few days I've been introduced to an insane amount of people convinced this is all Trump and R's fault because they're in power ... merely since they don't understand how government works. They have no clue 5 votes are being held by D's nor do they understand it. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 7 points 6 days ago The entire leftist echo chambers in MSM and big tech are 100% convinced that the evil racist Trump and Republicans are at fault permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago If Smith Mundt isn't dealt with the same thing happens next year . permalink parent award report block reply KeepAmericaAmerica 1 points 6 days ago I love the lefty talking point of "Republicans could end this anytime, all they have to do is give the Democrats what they want". So... the Democrats are to blame? No, the Republicans! It's "but I did have breakfast yesterday" levels of dissonance and nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 0 points 6 days ago Welcome to politics. Spoiler Alert : we play the exact same retard game permalink parent award report block reply pissedblackpatriot 0 points 4 days ago Senate repubs have been the ones mostly pushing back the negotiations. Just because people present the facts poorly doesn’t mean the reality of the situation is not evident. The real dissonance is the fact that they genuinely have not acted as if they are willing to make any concessions. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 7 points 6 days ago The entire leftist echo chambers in MSM and big tech are 100% convinced that the evil racist Trump and Republicans are at fault permalink parent award report block reply FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago If Smith Mundt isn't dealt with the same thing happens next year . permalink parent award report block reply KeepAmericaAmerica 1 points 6 days ago I love the lefty talking point of "Republicans could end this anytime, all they have to do is give the Democrats what they want". So... the Democrats are to blame? No, the Republicans! It's "but I did have breakfast yesterday" levels of dissonance and nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 0 points 6 days ago Welcome to politics. Spoiler Alert : we play the exact same retard game permalink parent award report block reply pissedblackpatriot 0 points 4 days ago Senate repubs have been the ones mostly pushing back the negotiations. Just because people present the facts poorly doesn’t mean the reality of the situation is not evident. The real dissonance is the fact that they genuinely have not acted as if they are willing to make any concessions. permalink parent award report block reply
FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago If Smith Mundt isn't dealt with the same thing happens next year . permalink parent award report block reply
KeepAmericaAmerica 1 points 6 days ago I love the lefty talking point of "Republicans could end this anytime, all they have to do is give the Democrats what they want". So... the Democrats are to blame? No, the Republicans! It's "but I did have breakfast yesterday" levels of dissonance and nonsense. permalink parent award report block reply NebraskanPatriot 0 points 6 days ago Welcome to politics. Spoiler Alert : we play the exact same retard game permalink parent award report block reply pissedblackpatriot 0 points 4 days ago Senate repubs have been the ones mostly pushing back the negotiations. Just because people present the facts poorly doesn’t mean the reality of the situation is not evident. The real dissonance is the fact that they genuinely have not acted as if they are willing to make any concessions. permalink parent award report block reply
NebraskanPatriot 0 points 6 days ago Welcome to politics. Spoiler Alert : we play the exact same retard game permalink parent award report block reply
pissedblackpatriot 0 points 4 days ago Senate repubs have been the ones mostly pushing back the negotiations. Just because people present the facts poorly doesn’t mean the reality of the situation is not evident. The real dissonance is the fact that they genuinely have not acted as if they are willing to make any concessions. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 8 points 6 days ago Make sure to close down Reagan, BWI and DULLES FIRST!!! permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago ...I am flying from BWI next week. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 3 points 6 days ago ...I am flying from BWI next week. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 8 points 6 days ago Yes.  Make it permanent. permalink award report block reply
PoorMansPsychiatrist 6 points 6 days ago I just flew up to Reno from McCarren last week. Very short line ar TSA outgoing. It was a breeze. Coming back virtually no lines. A very nice surprise. permalink award report block reply lolpaladins 9 points 6 days ago tourism to vegas is at an extreme low. It's become too expensive to do anything there, it's no longer a destination for 80% of americans who would have visited there even just 10 years ago. permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Vegas doesn’t want poor people visiting. They make more by pricing the bottom 80% out. permalink parent award report block reply
lolpaladins 9 points 6 days ago tourism to vegas is at an extreme low. It's become too expensive to do anything there, it's no longer a destination for 80% of americans who would have visited there even just 10 years ago. permalink parent award report block reply Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Vegas doesn’t want poor people visiting. They make more by pricing the bottom 80% out. permalink parent award report block reply
Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Vegas doesn’t want poor people visiting. They make more by pricing the bottom 80% out. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 4 points 6 days ago OH please make it all the international flights so the "refugees" can't take Family Leave and go back to the shithole nations they were "fleeing" to get refugee status.    Please make it impossible for those who left to make it back here and for those who want to go to have to actually show up at their jobs instead. permalink award report block reply
Logan051361 3 points 6 days ago Ground all flights.  Don't let Dems travel. No private planes either. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 3 points 6 days ago Democrats only know how to make life miserable for everyone when they don't get their way. I feel like my ex girlfriend is running that party permalink award report block reply
TestableHypothesis 3 points 6 days ago New strategy; call both houses into session. Start passing 2-page piecemeal bills. Queue up the one to fund the FAA but keep pushing to the end. The FAA goes on strike, shutting down every airport within 100 miles of DC or in a state of a senator who refuses up pass the bills. permalink award report block reply Underpants 2 points 6 days ago FAA cannot strike. permalink parent award report block reply TestableHypothesis 2 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's things they can do. Put in resignation notice, call in sick, refuse to allow flights through airspace, redirect to distant places, etc.
Once word gets out, pilots and airlines just won't bother. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 2 points 6 days ago Didn't they strike during Reagan's term and he fired them? permalink parent award report block reply Underpants 2 points 6 days ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply
Underpants 2 points 6 days ago FAA cannot strike. permalink parent award report block reply TestableHypothesis 2 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's things they can do. Put in resignation notice, call in sick, refuse to allow flights through airspace, redirect to distant places, etc.
Once word gets out, pilots and airlines just won't bother. permalink parent award report block reply ingrowntoenail 2 points 6 days ago Didn't they strike during Reagan's term and he fired them? permalink parent award report block reply Underpants 2 points 6 days ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply
TestableHypothesis 2 points 6 days ago I'm sure there's things they can do. Put in resignation notice, call in sick, refuse to allow flights through airspace, redirect to distant places, etc.
Once word gets out, pilots and airlines just won't bother. permalink parent award report block reply
ingrowntoenail 2 points 6 days ago Didn't they strike during Reagan's term and he fired them? permalink parent award report block reply Underpants 2 points 6 days ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply
Underpants 2 points 6 days ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 6 days ago I'm supposed to fly Tuesday. Yay. Guess I will just drive instead. permalink award report block reply
1LoathsomeDove 1 points 6 days ago Fewer emissions, smaller carbon footprint, climate change.
Jeesh people ... keep up. permalink award report block reply
Guttermouth2024 1 points 6 days ago There goes my wedding haha permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 6 days ago Which part of the constitution specifically gave the fedgov the power to have an FAA?  Do you think the founding generation would have thought that the constitution they had ratified might one day be read to grant this authority?  Actually, some of them did.  Which is why they wrote the 9th and 10th amendments, which could be summarized as "powers are limited and enumerated and we really mean it". permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 1 points 6 days ago Target Democrat States to have the most services cut off. permalink award report block reply
GoUSA 1 points 6 days ago Oh I was wondering how they were going to justify doubling the prices of flights forever permalink award report block reply
FrankDuncan 1 points 6 days ago Actually retarded.. b doesn't follow a in this case.  Less people per plane doesn't help the problem. The problem is the number of ATC .. not the passenger per plane. permalink award report block reply Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Less passengers helps TSA. permalink parent award report block reply
Freeth3usa 1 points 6 days ago Less passengers helps TSA. permalink parent award report block reply
thisguy883 0 points 6 days ago I wonder how this affects shipments. permalink award report block reply
Executarian2 -4 points 6 days ago This is yet ANOTHER reason why we’re fucked next midterms. No regular voter believes this is anybody but Trump’s fault. Why are we cheering this on like this is anything but an enormous impending disaster for the right? permalink award report block reply
newestofnew -8 points 6 days ago why don't we use AI? we've spent trillions in investment so it should be able to handle something that has established rules and protocols and operates on a strict logic tree of if/then decisions in a controlled orderly and routine environment. should be ready for game time? permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 6 days ago Yes, I would love Skynet and the beast system to crash my plane into the ocean! permalink parent award report block reply FauciOuchi -1 points 6 days ago I’d trust Skynet over white women though permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago Skynet will always serve the antiChrist no matter what. At least you can appeal to women's "empathy". permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 6 days ago Leftist women. permalink parent award report block reply nmipede 2 points 6 days ago Here's current AI in action, genius. https://people.com/waymo-self-driving-taxi-misses-flight-car-drives-in-circles-8770519 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DRLqtbVfjs https://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/driver-fell-asleep-at-wheel-of-autopilot-driven-tesla-before-it-hit-police-car/3845812/ https://www.consumershield.com/articles/self-driving-car-accidents-trends https://www.theverge.com/2024/4/26/24141361/tesla-autopilot-fsd-nhtsa-investigation-report-crash-death There are hundreds of crashes reported. These are just cars. All operating at the same altitude and at a much slower pace . Do you get it yet? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Yes AI has messed up. Seems like a totally different problem space though being in the atmosphere with large separations and only birds below certain altitudes to worry about. Give a specific model training data on a major transit hub in the airport system, it would be more than able to assist. permalink parent award report block reply nmipede 1 points 6 days ago You<------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------reailty. Have a nice day. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Proficiency: (you)           [---------------------------]-------------------------------X (AI) permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... Cuetardian 1 points 6 days ago something that has established rules and protocols and operates on a strict logic tree of if/then decisions in a controlled orderly and routine environment When something goes wrong in the air, it happens in an instant and it's anything but "controlled and orderly" that's why you need humans up there who can act on the combination of instinct and long experience. No machine has that. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 8 points 6 days ago Yes, I would love Skynet and the beast system to crash my plane into the ocean! permalink parent award report block reply FauciOuchi -1 points 6 days ago I’d trust Skynet over white women though permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago Skynet will always serve the antiChrist no matter what. At least you can appeal to women's "empathy". permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 6 days ago Leftist women. permalink parent award report block reply
FauciOuchi -1 points 6 days ago I’d trust Skynet over white women though permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago Skynet will always serve the antiChrist no matter what. At least you can appeal to women's "empathy". permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 6 days ago Leftist women. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago Skynet will always serve the antiChrist no matter what. At least you can appeal to women's "empathy". permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 6 days ago Leftist women. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 6 days ago Leftist women. permalink parent award report block reply
nmipede 2 points 6 days ago Here's current AI in action, genius. https://people.com/waymo-self-driving-taxi-misses-flight-car-drives-in-circles-8770519 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DRLqtbVfjs https://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/driver-fell-asleep-at-wheel-of-autopilot-driven-tesla-before-it-hit-police-car/3845812/ https://www.consumershield.com/articles/self-driving-car-accidents-trends https://www.theverge.com/2024/4/26/24141361/tesla-autopilot-fsd-nhtsa-investigation-report-crash-death There are hundreds of crashes reported. These are just cars. All operating at the same altitude and at a much slower pace . Do you get it yet? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Yes AI has messed up. Seems like a totally different problem space though being in the atmosphere with large separations and only birds below certain altitudes to worry about. Give a specific model training data on a major transit hub in the airport system, it would be more than able to assist. permalink parent award report block reply nmipede 1 points 6 days ago You<------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------reailty. Have a nice day. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Proficiency: (you)           [---------------------------]-------------------------------X (AI) permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Yes AI has messed up. Seems like a totally different problem space though being in the atmosphere with large separations and only birds below certain altitudes to worry about. Give a specific model training data on a major transit hub in the airport system, it would be more than able to assist. permalink parent award report block reply nmipede 1 points 6 days ago You<------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------reailty. Have a nice day. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Proficiency: (you)           [---------------------------]-------------------------------X (AI) permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
nmipede 1 points 6 days ago You<------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------reailty. Have a nice day. permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Proficiency: (you)           [---------------------------]-------------------------------X (AI) permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
FrmrAmericanRepublic 1 points 6 days ago Proficiency: (you)           [---------------------------]-------------------------------X (AI) permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Cuetardian 1 points 6 days ago something that has established rules and protocols and operates on a strict logic tree of if/then decisions in a controlled orderly and routine environment When something goes wrong in the air, it happens in an instant and it's anything but "controlled and orderly" that's why you need humans up there who can act on the combination of instinct and long experience. No machine has that. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 3 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply