1129 Kathy Hochul doubles down, she will BLOCK any attempt to raise taxes by Zohran Mamdani in New York posted 4 days ago by kek_saved_the_world 144 comments award share report block Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 4d New interview with CNN and New York Governor Kathy Hochul Kathy Hochul doubles down, she will BLOCK any attempt to raise taxes by Zohran Mamdani in New York Zohran Mamdani’s campaign was a lie CNN “He hasn't wavered one millimeter on raising taxes on New York City's wealthiest
144 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save OutlawPurpleHairDye 126 points 4 days ago LET
THEM
FIGHT permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 65 points 4 days ago Never stop the enemy when they are self-imploding.. When he drags NYC into a 3rd world cesspool and it destroys the entire State because the people with money just got up and left I will be laughing.. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 33 points 4 days ago Just waiting until a muzzie runs against her next year and really flush nys down the shitter. He will say we need to elect a commie so we can get what we need. permalink parent award report block reply duznmatter 20 points 4 days ago The skinnies were the first to figure it out in Mogadishu-appolis. Concentrate to an area and take over the Representatives then the Senators and spread out like a cancer. permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 8 points 4 days ago You give those extremely low IQ people too much credit. They were just placed in an area and only vote for the their own that is it. The stupid white liberals helped them out. They would all go extinct after the first winter in Minnesota without government assistance, utterly useless people and a plague on the world. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 2 points 4 days ago NYC can't raise taxes unilaterally. They have to get permission from the state legislature.  Most of conservative upstate if they were smart would let them, city legislators would. The only ones standing in their way are Suffolk and Westchester legislators since they rep business owners whose business are in the city and Guv Kathy from 300 mile away Buffalo. Mamdani gets the raise if targeted narrowly. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Ah. So the commie mayor just can’t raise taxes on his own.  That’s good to know so what does the mayor do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheRPatriot 0 points 4 days ago Not gonna happen. NYS is a lot more red as a whole than NYC. Plus, Cuomo would’ve had a very solid chance of winning had Curtis dropped out. He wasn’t even far behind permalink parent award report block reply Meddlesom 3 points 4 days ago Honestly, I wouldn't want Cuomo back in there.  He got away with killing tens of thousands of elderly during covid.  I also think it's better for us that Mamdami won, because I think New York, and the rest of the country, need a hard lesson in communism, and a reminder about islam. All those old white upper class liberal boomers need to get fucked by communism, and the zoomers that weren't alive yet in 2001 need to get fucked by islam. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KennyKetchem 11 points 4 days ago That may just be their plan. Force people out and import people in. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 5 points 4 days ago Been there plan for 50 plus years. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 4 days ago Closer to the 100 year plan fren. Other People's money is the key to Communism once that runs out; starvation and death drop by to stay. Meanwhile the corrupt ruling class lives like the last corrupt ruling class commies were fight against. Chopper rides are the only answer. permalink parent award report block reply This_will_be_public 2 points 4 days ago Also part of the plan could be to blame the Governor leading to Zoloft Commiedami to running against her to say he has to start at the top.... permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 4 days ago She will get a tongue lashing by the DNC amd she will backtrack. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago Nah, the Muslim will promise her 10% of the Take an she'll flip.... permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 33 points 4 days ago She is posturing to try to fend off Stefanik. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 24 points 4 days ago Why is it so often a choice between 2 women? They shouldnt even be voting let alone running. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 8 points 4 days ago THIS x1000!!!! WTAF. We need MAGA men to run for office with YUGE support. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 3 points 4 days ago Eric or Don Jr? permalink parent award report block reply Hawksendoom 4 points 4 days ago what are we left with? gay tranny fagotts? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 4 days ago Because white men are the only one not tribal. permalink parent award report block reply chathorrible 2 points 4 days ago I mean who is on our bench in NY?  Nobody upstate knows any of the downstate and LI congressmen.  Last chance we had was Paladino and he got tarred and feathered by the establishment permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 1 points 4 days ago You mean Zeldin? permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 -2 points 4 days ago This permalink parent award report block reply Owmyballz 5 points 4 days ago Keep in mind you have a retarded democrat party have parasitic communist wasps laying eggs indie of the democrat party digesting it to build strong communist wasps. This is a case where you want to the faggots we know and not the killer wasp communists that will set up camps and gulags. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 4 points 4 days ago How about neither? THAT should be our only acceptable option. permalink parent award report block reply Doomer_Guy 2 points 4 days ago I'm a Doomer, I wanted Mamdani would win so that this would happen, but it's already better than I was expecting permalink parent award report block reply YT45 2 points 4 days ago Works for me.  Make it messy. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... ChyNahAzzWhole1 42 points 4 days ago Taxes gonna go UP! permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 19 points 4 days ago Taxes gonna go up!  (except on the really wealthy because they own the politicians) permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 9 points 4 days ago California method - Taxes go up on restaurants (unless they bake bread). permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 2 points 4 days ago Pizza dough permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Wealthy people often take out loans against their own hard assets so they don't have capital gains events, essentially side-stepping any taxation. Bonus if the market rises while they do so. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 4 days ago can that be done with stocks? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Banks might be leery of that, but depends on the lender. Given that these people are high net-worth anyway, easier for them to secure private lines of credit. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 4 days ago Gonna go up up up ! permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 4 days ago Just not "income taxes". permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 35 points 4 days ago Then why did the dumb cunt endorse Mamdani? Not my problem since NYC were retarded to vote for a commie. Their problem. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 23 points 4 days ago She believes in nothing. She wants power. She endorsed a guy that was higher in the polls for self serving reasons. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Having power over a bubbling stinking cesspool doesn't seem to be such a good thing.. permalink parent award report block reply Major_Nutt 3 points 4 days ago Congrats, you just described every woman ever. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Because he is as bad a liar and two face as she is.. All his real policies are coming out now that the election is over.. They were warned but licked up the shit that smelled like honey when he was saying it.. Now the real shit taste is hitting them and they are gagging on it.. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 3 days ago ?  Because they all want to raise the taxes. Though I should say “need to” since it’s their job, and they were told to raise the taxes, so they’re gonna raise the taxes, Hochul and Mamdani. Ignore the theater. Don’t be surprised if Trump raises taxes too.  Governor is broke, federal, state and local. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilled4Decades 25 points 4 days ago I'm old enough to remember this hag behaving like a full on Lord Farquad tyrant 4 years ago. Nothing you can say can make me believe he is on the right side of any equation. permalink award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 12 points 4 days ago She is the reason I packed up and left the Bronx.  Landed in KCMO feb 1st 2023. permalink parent award report block reply Female 8 points 4 days ago Yes and she still implements "travel bans" when it snows permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 6 points 4 days ago We bought a 4wd SUV specifically for this Winter which is supposed to be one of the worst in historic record.. A set of Goodyear RT tires and a set of Yeti snow chains for them if it is needed.. Glad Ohio is not a commie dick-tater-ship.. permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 17 points 4 days ago Didn't Hochul support Hamdani? permalink award report block reply KarenLukasik -2 points 4 days ago no,and think about it,she actually used her state guard to “clean up” the subways.Could she actually be right sometimes?😯 permalink parent award report block reply TidewaterYank 31 points 4 days ago She endorsed Mamdummy...
he didn't endorse her permalink parent award report block reply SpezDispenser 2 points 4 days ago Well that's it... permalink parent award report block reply Female 13 points 4 days ago She endorsed the mamdani over cuomo her former boss 😅 permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 -2 points 4 days ago Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 16 points 4 days ago Kathy Hochul looks like a sweaty shiny transvestite. permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 7 points 4 days ago A jew Yenta long past her prime with a few face lifts and tucks.. Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully that they do the bride of Frankenstein thing to themselves and yep it is disgusting.. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 2 points 4 days ago Kathleen Courtney Hochul is Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai -3 points 4 days ago Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully no women age gracefully they turn into genderless mummies just like men do permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 0 points 4 days ago I know a 75 year old woman that could screw you all night like a teenage girl and have you begging for mercy.. You have no idea what you are talking about, many women shut down because society like you tell them their lives are over at 50.. permalink parent award report block reply Nanteen 12 points 4 days ago Of course she's saying this now. She wants to win another term. The moment she does. She'll allow the taxes to be raised sky high permalink award report block reply Creepy_Joe 10 points 4 days ago The wicked witch of the west was a hot piece of ass compared to this one. permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 8 points 4 days ago Won't Mamdani just send his goons and kidnap the governor and put her in his stable? permalink award report block reply BartzFFV 6 points 4 days ago Women have no say in a Muslim relationship.
Watch Mamdani enslave her. permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 4 days ago Your terms are acceptable. permalink parent award report block reply RealTXPatriot 6 points 4 days ago Ok so she clearly said " NO NEW INCOME TAXES ". That means the other means like real estate taxes, capital gains, etc. Those.. you betcha. permalink award report block reply BidensfullAFdiaper 5 points 4 days ago New Yorkers think electing this goat fucker is the ultimate flex on MAGA. Call to prayer in the early AM is going to be a bitch. Retards. permalink award report block reply tholinz 4 points 4 days ago Remember the system will crush ANY outsider. The DNC wants those commie Gen Z and immigrant votes, but they sure as hell don't want them crashing the grift. permalink award report block reply mateus 3 points 4 days ago Bucktooth Hochul is Mamdani in a skirt. permalink award report block reply equiv222 3 points 4 days ago RENT FREEZE?.. ON REAL ESTATE THAT IS ALREADY FROZE.. YET PEOPLE THINK HE HAS SOME MAGIC WAND TO LOWER THE RENT.. IT AIN'T GOING DOWN. IT WILL STAY THE WAY IT IS AND HE WILL TAKE CREDIT FOR DOING...NOTHING, EXCEPT CLAIMING HE FORCED A RENT FREEZE.. AGAIN, ITS ALREADY FROZE., THEN TRY TO TAX THE OWNERS, SOME WILL GO INTO FORCLOSURE, AND HIS FOREIGN INVESTORS WILL BUY THE FORCLOSURE  FOR PEANUTS, WHILE HE MAKES  HIS NEW CAREER .. THAT OF ONE REAL ESTATE INVESTING BY FORCED FORCLOSURES. permalink award report block reply yukondave 3 points 4 days ago No dont stop them.  They want Communism let them have at it permalink award report block reply fskfsk 3 points 4 days ago Kind of convenient that she waited until after the election to say this. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 4 days ago All uniparty theater permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 4 days ago Remember: Hochul endorsed Mamdani. When given the chance to be reciprocal, Mamdani chose not to endorse Hochul. permalink award report block reply Skywise 2 points 4 days ago Stupid twit - why did you support him for Mayor then? permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 4 days ago Popcorn time! For real I see the same in Philly - the Dems are at war in Philly with the Dem Socialists of "The Working Family Party" - the same party that Mamcommie is part of, a Soros/WEF psyop. permalink award report block reply FlyCatcher94 2 points 4 days ago Maybe that dumb cunt should have backed someone else.  Fucking classic woman behavior, they can only respond to shit happening…. It’s almost like they can’t actually initiate and plan for future shit. For fucks sake permalink award report block reply AfterGlow 2 points 4 days ago She's on a Crusade against the Mamdani caliphate. permalink award report block reply deleted 3 points 4 days ago AfterGlow 2 points 4 days ago Jeez..that's right. What a mess. permalink parent award report block reply Yawnz13 2 points 4 days ago She knows that he's chasing off all the money in the state. permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 2 points 4 days ago But Kathy, The people have spoken and must be punished. permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 2 points 4 days ago That's because she's up for re-election next year but if she wins, she'll raise taxes. permalink award report block reply Rango 2 points 4 days ago Why would she pay for beaver teeth? permalink award report block reply brobama123 2 points 4 days ago Dumb. Let him ruin the city! permalink award report block reply Taupkek 2 points 4 days ago This could be fun to watch! permalink award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 3 days ago keep in mind u/maverick202 is a self-admitted black Democrat from Chicago, who only comes here to troll "incels" and "white trash" (just read his post history), and he also believes Joe Biden won the most votes of any President in US history lmfao permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 days ago keep in mind u/maverick202 is a self-admitted troll who comes here to insult "white trash" and "incels" (his words) and occasionally makes acceptable posts to blend in. just look at his post history, he's a redditor permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 1 points 4 days ago If it wasn't so destructive for the whole Union.. This is like cancer and we have it all over the country.. Question is can we cure it or do we have to cut it out to survive?? permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 -1 points 4 days ago Not really. This soundbyte doesn't mean anything. She'll say anything on media but she'll do what the left wing of the party tells her to do. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 2 points 4 days ago Good cop bad cop. Awwww shucks guys, no free shit. permalink award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago This is kinda what I was hoping would happen.  It might not end up being such a bad thing for the Shitskin in Chief to assume NYC for now.  I mean muslims hate all of us, left or right.  Lets see how the left deal with them.  I'm thinking it is not going to be a good time for them because they won't be able to use the media or the coveted race card.   They are just going to have to take those ass beatings, or worse.  Then maybe.  Just MAYBE they will finally get it, but it will be too late. permalink award report block reply TheSonOfGadsden 1 points 4 days ago Unless she gets kickbacks under the table permalink award report block reply Kpak76 1 points 4 days ago This is code for, I will raise your taxes.  Trust me when I say this as I live in a blue state.  When they tell you I will not raise taxes, you will get the largest tax hike in your states history.  This is EXACTLY what these demonrats just did in my state, and they are bitching they need more this Feb! permalink award report block reply sumnayin2 1 points 4 days ago Everything they do is a tax on the people. permalink award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 1 points 4 days ago Let's have a contest to see who the biggest marxist is.  I'll put my money on Zohran. permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 1 points 4 days ago Since when can a mayor raise taxes anyway? permalink award report block reply Noadhominem 1 points 3 days ago He doesn’t care.  His only objective is to harm Israel.  He is a foreign asset. permalink award report block reply Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 4 days ago He he permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 1 points 4 days ago The left used the muslims to grab power and now realize they are the ones that will fall next permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 4 days ago Give that city four years to self reflect and serve as a warning permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 4 days ago Quick question: why hasn't the DSA been banned? Because of 'muh democracy'? permalink award report block reply TheWitnessOfCacti 1 points 4 days ago Plastic and close to death I think. permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 4 days ago Key word; no new "income tax" . It's the details in the double speak you must pay attention to permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 1 points 4 days ago Pretty obvious....She's trying to get ready for her fight with stefanic.  She's trying to build some centrist cred permalink award report block reply Nerdrem3 1 points 4 days ago I don't think she actually has the power to block a mayor from raising city taxes. The state legislature could pass a law putting a cap on it though. permalink award report block reply MajorClark 1 points 4 days ago She always looks like she's made up for halloween with all that make up!   Cheap and skanky like Nancy Pelosi.   Neither Mamcommie or Hochul are running NYC, the UN is running it.  The UN runs most democrat cities & must be stopped! permalink award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago She’s going to fight him on raises taxes.  Cause THAT’S HER JOB!!! permalink award report block reply irescreams 1 points 3 days ago Allah Akbar, crazy, your dead. permalink award report block reply Overtaxed 1 points 4 days ago Muslim governor incoming. permalink award report block reply glasses2020 1 points 4 days ago Does the mayor even dictate tax policy? permalink award report block reply Doomer_Guy 1 points 4 days ago As a Doomer, I was hoping Mamdani would win because he would go on to mess everything up, but this has already all exceeded my expectations. permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 4 days ago Taxes will go up.  Hochul and Memdani will both bet richer.  Have you not seen this movie before?  This is just the foreplay to the rape you are are out to experience. permalink award report block reply WarGreymon77 1 points 3 days ago City dwellers.  Meh. permalink award report block reply Nibba2 1 points 3 days ago It’s not about taxes. It’s about weaseling into positions of power. permalink award report block reply ILoveSilk 1 points 4 days ago If she really does so, Republicans will never win NY. Voters are all left lean. If Democrat behaves a little bit moderate, voters will vote for them as Republicans re helpless and hopeless and incompetent. Republicans are as useless as Democrats in terms of making society prosperous. permalink award report block reply Just_dumping_fuel 1 points 4 days ago basically, she is saying the taxes are going to get raised.. permalink award report block reply BurtMcGirt 1 points 4 days ago Does Hochul or Whitmer look more like a tranny? permalink award report block reply Mindcrym 1 points 4 days ago Wood chipper both of those motherfuckers permalink award report block reply Unboosted 1 points 4 days ago Haha no permalink award report block reply CLF3 1 points 4 days ago Hochul is dumb as a fucking post and is walking into the trap. Mayors can't arbitrarily hand out free shit or raise taxes and the city council has to vote on it. NYC council districts are multi-billion dollar feifdums unto themselves. mamdani is gonna be a lame duck on everything except direct policy even with most of them being democrats. People won't get any of the free gibs, he'll blame it on albany and theyll vote him in for governor so they think they can the gibs that way. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 1 points 3 days ago How did New Yorkers get so stupid? permalink award report block reply ridge3z 1 points 4 days ago Agricultural regions across New York State need to cut off all of their professional ties with Democrat cities and regions within New York State. permalink award report block reply footinmouth 1 points 4 days ago Fuck that, raise taxes in NY to 60%. permalink award report block reply npc_1234 1 points 4 days ago She's afraid of Stefanik. permalink award report block reply Dreddhead13 1 points 3 days ago God I can't stand watching Hochul talk....."bitch... Open your mouth a lil wider when you speak." permalink award report block reply Papabravo12 1 points 4 days ago I mean, he is just a mayor, they have very little actual authority. Unfortunately as we’ve seen when it comes to crime and homelessness/ drugs etc they can have a large impact by telling police/DAs not to do their jobs. But it’s not like they can do anything legislatively or tax wise. permalink award report block reply astralentity 1 points 4 days ago This is going to be great and it'll just pave the way for Governor Elise Stefanik. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 4 days ago Yeah, mayors have very limited taxation powers. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 1 points 4 days ago PSA: Erin Burnett is fat. permalink award report block reply Roadpower 1 points 4 days ago Raising taxes on the wealthy always has the opposite outcome and really what happens is that it is the small and middle business sector who get hosed the most and that in turn cascades to employees who are the ones that can least afford it. So the economy grinds to a halt as everyone either flees or turtles down to weather the storm. Socialists can never figure out how anything actually works or they just want destruction. permalink award report block reply VirTW 1 points 4 days ago But But.....Mamdani promised all kinds of free stuff! permalink award report block reply bubadmt 1 points 4 days ago Fucking hell that’s one ugly hag. permalink award report block reply R3tro 1 points 4 days ago But what about muh free gibs permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 1 points 4 days ago I called it. At the end of the day, that communist dork is just a mayor. He doesn’t have the ability to pull off 1% of what he said he’d do. In terms of political power, being a mayor is like being 14 years old. You can barely do anything on your own. permalink award report block reply StoneRealist 1 points 4 days ago Won't matter when the amount of Muslim demonspawn increases and they run one of theirs for governor permalink award report block reply POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 4 days ago This is BS. She's just saying that to save face. He'll raise taxes by way of municipal codes that she can't block and he'll be happy about it too. permalink award report block reply cannonfodder 0 points 4 days ago hmm!  so what are they going to do for money?  the wealthy and productive are getting the hell out of NYC. permalink award report block reply flashersenpai -1 points 4 days ago Why would Mamdani succeed where AOC, Bernie, atc failed? (assuming they were sincere at any point) Mamdani isn't an islamist, he's not after sharia law, and anyone saying so has War on Terror brain rot or is trying to sell you a narrative for their own purposes. He's a cookie cutter shitlib who just assigned a whole bunch of female shitlibs to office. permalink award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 126 points 4 days ago LET
THEM
FIGHT permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 65 points 4 days ago Never stop the enemy when they are self-imploding.. When he drags NYC into a 3rd world cesspool and it destroys the entire State because the people with money just got up and left I will be laughing.. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 33 points 4 days ago Just waiting until a muzzie runs against her next year and really flush nys down the shitter. He will say we need to elect a commie so we can get what we need. permalink parent award report block reply duznmatter 20 points 4 days ago The skinnies were the first to figure it out in Mogadishu-appolis. Concentrate to an area and take over the Representatives then the Senators and spread out like a cancer. permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 8 points 4 days ago You give those extremely low IQ people too much credit. They were just placed in an area and only vote for the their own that is it. The stupid white liberals helped them out. They would all go extinct after the first winter in Minnesota without government assistance, utterly useless people and a plague on the world. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 2 points 4 days ago NYC can't raise taxes unilaterally. They have to get permission from the state legislature.  Most of conservative upstate if they were smart would let them, city legislators would. The only ones standing in their way are Suffolk and Westchester legislators since they rep business owners whose business are in the city and Guv Kathy from 300 mile away Buffalo. Mamdani gets the raise if targeted narrowly. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Ah. So the commie mayor just can’t raise taxes on his own.  That’s good to know so what does the mayor do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheRPatriot 0 points 4 days ago Not gonna happen. NYS is a lot more red as a whole than NYC. Plus, Cuomo would’ve had a very solid chance of winning had Curtis dropped out. He wasn’t even far behind permalink parent award report block reply Meddlesom 3 points 4 days ago Honestly, I wouldn't want Cuomo back in there.  He got away with killing tens of thousands of elderly during covid.  I also think it's better for us that Mamdami won, because I think New York, and the rest of the country, need a hard lesson in communism, and a reminder about islam. All those old white upper class liberal boomers need to get fucked by communism, and the zoomers that weren't alive yet in 2001 need to get fucked by islam. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KennyKetchem 11 points 4 days ago That may just be their plan. Force people out and import people in. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 5 points 4 days ago Been there plan for 50 plus years. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 4 days ago Closer to the 100 year plan fren. Other People's money is the key to Communism once that runs out; starvation and death drop by to stay. Meanwhile the corrupt ruling class lives like the last corrupt ruling class commies were fight against. Chopper rides are the only answer. permalink parent award report block reply This_will_be_public 2 points 4 days ago Also part of the plan could be to blame the Governor leading to Zoloft Commiedami to running against her to say he has to start at the top.... permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 4 days ago She will get a tongue lashing by the DNC amd she will backtrack. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago Nah, the Muslim will promise her 10% of the Take an she'll flip.... permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 33 points 4 days ago She is posturing to try to fend off Stefanik. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 24 points 4 days ago Why is it so often a choice between 2 women? They shouldnt even be voting let alone running. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 8 points 4 days ago THIS x1000!!!! WTAF. We need MAGA men to run for office with YUGE support. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 3 points 4 days ago Eric or Don Jr? permalink parent award report block reply Hawksendoom 4 points 4 days ago what are we left with? gay tranny fagotts? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 4 days ago Because white men are the only one not tribal. permalink parent award report block reply chathorrible 2 points 4 days ago I mean who is on our bench in NY?  Nobody upstate knows any of the downstate and LI congressmen.  Last chance we had was Paladino and he got tarred and feathered by the establishment permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 1 points 4 days ago You mean Zeldin? permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 -2 points 4 days ago This permalink parent award report block reply Owmyballz 5 points 4 days ago Keep in mind you have a retarded democrat party have parasitic communist wasps laying eggs indie of the democrat party digesting it to build strong communist wasps. This is a case where you want to the faggots we know and not the killer wasp communists that will set up camps and gulags. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 4 points 4 days ago How about neither? THAT should be our only acceptable option. permalink parent award report block reply Doomer_Guy 2 points 4 days ago I'm a Doomer, I wanted Mamdani would win so that this would happen, but it's already better than I was expecting permalink parent award report block reply YT45 2 points 4 days ago Works for me.  Make it messy. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
roadrunner0 65 points 4 days ago Never stop the enemy when they are self-imploding.. When he drags NYC into a 3rd world cesspool and it destroys the entire State because the people with money just got up and left I will be laughing.. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 33 points 4 days ago Just waiting until a muzzie runs against her next year and really flush nys down the shitter. He will say we need to elect a commie so we can get what we need. permalink parent award report block reply duznmatter 20 points 4 days ago The skinnies were the first to figure it out in Mogadishu-appolis. Concentrate to an area and take over the Representatives then the Senators and spread out like a cancer. permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 8 points 4 days ago You give those extremely low IQ people too much credit. They were just placed in an area and only vote for the their own that is it. The stupid white liberals helped them out. They would all go extinct after the first winter in Minnesota without government assistance, utterly useless people and a plague on the world. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 2 points 4 days ago NYC can't raise taxes unilaterally. They have to get permission from the state legislature.  Most of conservative upstate if they were smart would let them, city legislators would. The only ones standing in their way are Suffolk and Westchester legislators since they rep business owners whose business are in the city and Guv Kathy from 300 mile away Buffalo. Mamdani gets the raise if targeted narrowly. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Ah. So the commie mayor just can’t raise taxes on his own.  That’s good to know so what does the mayor do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheRPatriot 0 points 4 days ago Not gonna happen. NYS is a lot more red as a whole than NYC. Plus, Cuomo would’ve had a very solid chance of winning had Curtis dropped out. He wasn’t even far behind permalink parent award report block reply Meddlesom 3 points 4 days ago Honestly, I wouldn't want Cuomo back in there.  He got away with killing tens of thousands of elderly during covid.  I also think it's better for us that Mamdami won, because I think New York, and the rest of the country, need a hard lesson in communism, and a reminder about islam. All those old white upper class liberal boomers need to get fucked by communism, and the zoomers that weren't alive yet in 2001 need to get fucked by islam. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KennyKetchem 11 points 4 days ago That may just be their plan. Force people out and import people in. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 5 points 4 days ago Been there plan for 50 plus years. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 4 days ago Closer to the 100 year plan fren. Other People's money is the key to Communism once that runs out; starvation and death drop by to stay. Meanwhile the corrupt ruling class lives like the last corrupt ruling class commies were fight against. Chopper rides are the only answer. permalink parent award report block reply This_will_be_public 2 points 4 days ago Also part of the plan could be to blame the Governor leading to Zoloft Commiedami to running against her to say he has to start at the top.... permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 4 days ago She will get a tongue lashing by the DNC amd she will backtrack. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago Nah, the Muslim will promise her 10% of the Take an she'll flip.... permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 33 points 4 days ago Just waiting until a muzzie runs against her next year and really flush nys down the shitter. He will say we need to elect a commie so we can get what we need. permalink parent award report block reply duznmatter 20 points 4 days ago The skinnies were the first to figure it out in Mogadishu-appolis. Concentrate to an area and take over the Representatives then the Senators and spread out like a cancer. permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 8 points 4 days ago You give those extremely low IQ people too much credit. They were just placed in an area and only vote for the their own that is it. The stupid white liberals helped them out. They would all go extinct after the first winter in Minnesota without government assistance, utterly useless people and a plague on the world. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 2 points 4 days ago NYC can't raise taxes unilaterally. They have to get permission from the state legislature.  Most of conservative upstate if they were smart would let them, city legislators would. The only ones standing in their way are Suffolk and Westchester legislators since they rep business owners whose business are in the city and Guv Kathy from 300 mile away Buffalo. Mamdani gets the raise if targeted narrowly. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Ah. So the commie mayor just can’t raise taxes on his own.  That’s good to know so what does the mayor do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... TheRPatriot 0 points 4 days ago Not gonna happen. NYS is a lot more red as a whole than NYC. Plus, Cuomo would’ve had a very solid chance of winning had Curtis dropped out. He wasn’t even far behind permalink parent award report block reply Meddlesom 3 points 4 days ago Honestly, I wouldn't want Cuomo back in there.  He got away with killing tens of thousands of elderly during covid.  I also think it's better for us that Mamdami won, because I think New York, and the rest of the country, need a hard lesson in communism, and a reminder about islam. All those old white upper class liberal boomers need to get fucked by communism, and the zoomers that weren't alive yet in 2001 need to get fucked by islam. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
duznmatter 20 points 4 days ago The skinnies were the first to figure it out in Mogadishu-appolis. Concentrate to an area and take over the Representatives then the Senators and spread out like a cancer. permalink parent award report block reply EmptyNoose 8 points 4 days ago You give those extremely low IQ people too much credit. They were just placed in an area and only vote for the their own that is it. The stupid white liberals helped them out. They would all go extinct after the first winter in Minnesota without government assistance, utterly useless people and a plague on the world. permalink parent award report block reply
EmptyNoose 8 points 4 days ago You give those extremely low IQ people too much credit. They were just placed in an area and only vote for the their own that is it. The stupid white liberals helped them out. They would all go extinct after the first winter in Minnesota without government assistance, utterly useless people and a plague on the world. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker 2 points 4 days ago NYC can't raise taxes unilaterally. They have to get permission from the state legislature.  Most of conservative upstate if they were smart would let them, city legislators would. The only ones standing in their way are Suffolk and Westchester legislators since they rep business owners whose business are in the city and Guv Kathy from 300 mile away Buffalo. Mamdani gets the raise if targeted narrowly. permalink parent award report block reply katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Ah. So the commie mayor just can’t raise taxes on his own.  That’s good to know so what does the mayor do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
katsumi27 1 points 4 days ago Ah. So the commie mayor just can’t raise taxes on his own.  That’s good to know so what does the mayor do? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TheRPatriot 0 points 4 days ago Not gonna happen. NYS is a lot more red as a whole than NYC. Plus, Cuomo would’ve had a very solid chance of winning had Curtis dropped out. He wasn’t even far behind permalink parent award report block reply Meddlesom 3 points 4 days ago Honestly, I wouldn't want Cuomo back in there.  He got away with killing tens of thousands of elderly during covid.  I also think it's better for us that Mamdami won, because I think New York, and the rest of the country, need a hard lesson in communism, and a reminder about islam. All those old white upper class liberal boomers need to get fucked by communism, and the zoomers that weren't alive yet in 2001 need to get fucked by islam. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Meddlesom 3 points 4 days ago Honestly, I wouldn't want Cuomo back in there.  He got away with killing tens of thousands of elderly during covid.  I also think it's better for us that Mamdami won, because I think New York, and the rest of the country, need a hard lesson in communism, and a reminder about islam. All those old white upper class liberal boomers need to get fucked by communism, and the zoomers that weren't alive yet in 2001 need to get fucked by islam. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
KennyKetchem 11 points 4 days ago That may just be their plan. Force people out and import people in. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 5 points 4 days ago Been there plan for 50 plus years. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 4 days ago Closer to the 100 year plan fren. Other People's money is the key to Communism once that runs out; starvation and death drop by to stay. Meanwhile the corrupt ruling class lives like the last corrupt ruling class commies were fight against. Chopper rides are the only answer. permalink parent award report block reply This_will_be_public 2 points 4 days ago Also part of the plan could be to blame the Governor leading to Zoloft Commiedami to running against her to say he has to start at the top.... permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 5 points 4 days ago Been there plan for 50 plus years. permalink parent award report block reply DrBJTester 5 points 4 days ago Closer to the 100 year plan fren. Other People's money is the key to Communism once that runs out; starvation and death drop by to stay. Meanwhile the corrupt ruling class lives like the last corrupt ruling class commies were fight against. Chopper rides are the only answer. permalink parent award report block reply
DrBJTester 5 points 4 days ago Closer to the 100 year plan fren. Other People's money is the key to Communism once that runs out; starvation and death drop by to stay. Meanwhile the corrupt ruling class lives like the last corrupt ruling class commies were fight against. Chopper rides are the only answer. permalink parent award report block reply
This_will_be_public 2 points 4 days ago Also part of the plan could be to blame the Governor leading to Zoloft Commiedami to running against her to say he has to start at the top.... permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 4 days ago She will get a tongue lashing by the DNC amd she will backtrack. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago Nah, the Muslim will promise her 10% of the Take an she'll flip.... permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 1 points 3 days ago Nah, the Muslim will promise her 10% of the Take an she'll flip.... permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 33 points 4 days ago She is posturing to try to fend off Stefanik. permalink parent award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 24 points 4 days ago Why is it so often a choice between 2 women? They shouldnt even be voting let alone running. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 8 points 4 days ago THIS x1000!!!! WTAF. We need MAGA men to run for office with YUGE support. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 3 points 4 days ago Eric or Don Jr? permalink parent award report block reply Hawksendoom 4 points 4 days ago what are we left with? gay tranny fagotts? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 4 days ago Because white men are the only one not tribal. permalink parent award report block reply chathorrible 2 points 4 days ago I mean who is on our bench in NY?  Nobody upstate knows any of the downstate and LI congressmen.  Last chance we had was Paladino and he got tarred and feathered by the establishment permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 1 points 4 days ago You mean Zeldin? permalink parent award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 -2 points 4 days ago This permalink parent award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin 24 points 4 days ago Why is it so often a choice between 2 women? They shouldnt even be voting let alone running. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 8 points 4 days ago THIS x1000!!!! WTAF. We need MAGA men to run for office with YUGE support. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 3 points 4 days ago Eric or Don Jr? permalink parent award report block reply Hawksendoom 4 points 4 days ago what are we left with? gay tranny fagotts? permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 3 points 4 days ago Because white men are the only one not tribal. permalink parent award report block reply chathorrible 2 points 4 days ago I mean who is on our bench in NY?  Nobody upstate knows any of the downstate and LI congressmen.  Last chance we had was Paladino and he got tarred and feathered by the establishment permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 1 points 4 days ago You mean Zeldin? permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 8 points 4 days ago THIS x1000!!!! WTAF. We need MAGA men to run for office with YUGE support. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 3 points 4 days ago Eric or Don Jr? permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 3 points 4 days ago Eric or Don Jr? permalink parent award report block reply
Hawksendoom 4 points 4 days ago what are we left with? gay tranny fagotts? permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 3 points 4 days ago Because white men are the only one not tribal. permalink parent award report block reply
chathorrible 2 points 4 days ago I mean who is on our bench in NY?  Nobody upstate knows any of the downstate and LI congressmen.  Last chance we had was Paladino and he got tarred and feathered by the establishment permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 1 points 4 days ago You mean Zeldin? permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 1 points 4 days ago You mean Zeldin? permalink parent award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 -2 points 4 days ago This permalink parent award report block reply
Owmyballz 5 points 4 days ago Keep in mind you have a retarded democrat party have parasitic communist wasps laying eggs indie of the democrat party digesting it to build strong communist wasps. This is a case where you want to the faggots we know and not the killer wasp communists that will set up camps and gulags. permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 4 points 4 days ago How about neither? THAT should be our only acceptable option. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 4 points 4 days ago How about neither? THAT should be our only acceptable option. permalink parent award report block reply
Doomer_Guy 2 points 4 days ago I'm a Doomer, I wanted Mamdani would win so that this would happen, but it's already better than I was expecting permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 2 points 4 days ago Works for me.  Make it messy. permalink parent award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 42 points 4 days ago Taxes gonna go UP! permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 19 points 4 days ago Taxes gonna go up!  (except on the really wealthy because they own the politicians) permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 9 points 4 days ago California method - Taxes go up on restaurants (unless they bake bread). permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 2 points 4 days ago Pizza dough permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Wealthy people often take out loans against their own hard assets so they don't have capital gains events, essentially side-stepping any taxation. Bonus if the market rises while they do so. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 4 days ago can that be done with stocks? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Banks might be leery of that, but depends on the lender. Given that these people are high net-worth anyway, easier for them to secure private lines of credit. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 4 days ago Gonna go up up up ! permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 4 days ago Just not "income taxes". permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 19 points 4 days ago Taxes gonna go up!  (except on the really wealthy because they own the politicians) permalink parent award report block reply HKgoneWild 9 points 4 days ago California method - Taxes go up on restaurants (unless they bake bread). permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 2 points 4 days ago Pizza dough permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Wealthy people often take out loans against their own hard assets so they don't have capital gains events, essentially side-stepping any taxation. Bonus if the market rises while they do so. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 4 days ago can that be done with stocks? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Banks might be leery of that, but depends on the lender. Given that these people are high net-worth anyway, easier for them to secure private lines of credit. permalink parent award report block reply
HKgoneWild 9 points 4 days ago California method - Taxes go up on restaurants (unless they bake bread). permalink parent award report block reply trumpORbust 2 points 4 days ago Pizza dough permalink parent award report block reply
trumpORbust 2 points 4 days ago Pizza dough permalink parent award report block reply
FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Wealthy people often take out loans against their own hard assets so they don't have capital gains events, essentially side-stepping any taxation. Bonus if the market rises while they do so. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 4 days ago can that be done with stocks? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Banks might be leery of that, but depends on the lender. Given that these people are high net-worth anyway, easier for them to secure private lines of credit. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 1 points 4 days ago can that be done with stocks? permalink parent award report block reply FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Banks might be leery of that, but depends on the lender. Given that these people are high net-worth anyway, easier for them to secure private lines of credit. permalink parent award report block reply
FrmrAmericanRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Banks might be leery of that, but depends on the lender. Given that these people are high net-worth anyway, easier for them to secure private lines of credit. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 2 points 4 days ago Gonna go up up up ! permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 1 points 4 days ago Just not "income taxes". permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 35 points 4 days ago Then why did the dumb cunt endorse Mamdani? Not my problem since NYC were retarded to vote for a commie. Their problem. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 23 points 4 days ago She believes in nothing. She wants power. She endorsed a guy that was higher in the polls for self serving reasons. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Having power over a bubbling stinking cesspool doesn't seem to be such a good thing.. permalink parent award report block reply Major_Nutt 3 points 4 days ago Congrats, you just described every woman ever. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Because he is as bad a liar and two face as she is.. All his real policies are coming out now that the election is over.. They were warned but licked up the shit that smelled like honey when he was saying it.. Now the real shit taste is hitting them and they are gagging on it.. permalink parent award report block reply whataboob 1 points 3 days ago ?  Because they all want to raise the taxes. Though I should say “need to” since it’s their job, and they were told to raise the taxes, so they’re gonna raise the taxes, Hochul and Mamdani. Ignore the theater. Don’t be surprised if Trump raises taxes too.  Governor is broke, federal, state and local. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 23 points 4 days ago She believes in nothing. She wants power. She endorsed a guy that was higher in the polls for self serving reasons. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Having power over a bubbling stinking cesspool doesn't seem to be such a good thing.. permalink parent award report block reply Major_Nutt 3 points 4 days ago Congrats, you just described every woman ever. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Having power over a bubbling stinking cesspool doesn't seem to be such a good thing.. permalink parent award report block reply
Major_Nutt 3 points 4 days ago Congrats, you just described every woman ever. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 5 points 4 days ago Because he is as bad a liar and two face as she is.. All his real policies are coming out now that the election is over.. They were warned but licked up the shit that smelled like honey when he was saying it.. Now the real shit taste is hitting them and they are gagging on it.. permalink parent award report block reply
whataboob 1 points 3 days ago ?  Because they all want to raise the taxes. Though I should say “need to” since it’s their job, and they were told to raise the taxes, so they’re gonna raise the taxes, Hochul and Mamdani. Ignore the theater. Don’t be surprised if Trump raises taxes too.  Governor is broke, federal, state and local. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilled4Decades 25 points 4 days ago I'm old enough to remember this hag behaving like a full on Lord Farquad tyrant 4 years ago. Nothing you can say can make me believe he is on the right side of any equation. permalink award report block reply NY2KCMO1776 12 points 4 days ago She is the reason I packed up and left the Bronx.  Landed in KCMO feb 1st 2023. permalink parent award report block reply Female 8 points 4 days ago Yes and she still implements "travel bans" when it snows permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 6 points 4 days ago We bought a 4wd SUV specifically for this Winter which is supposed to be one of the worst in historic record.. A set of Goodyear RT tires and a set of Yeti snow chains for them if it is needed.. Glad Ohio is not a commie dick-tater-ship.. permalink parent award report block reply
NY2KCMO1776 12 points 4 days ago She is the reason I packed up and left the Bronx.  Landed in KCMO feb 1st 2023. permalink parent award report block reply
Female 8 points 4 days ago Yes and she still implements "travel bans" when it snows permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 6 points 4 days ago We bought a 4wd SUV specifically for this Winter which is supposed to be one of the worst in historic record.. A set of Goodyear RT tires and a set of Yeti snow chains for them if it is needed.. Glad Ohio is not a commie dick-tater-ship.. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 6 points 4 days ago We bought a 4wd SUV specifically for this Winter which is supposed to be one of the worst in historic record.. A set of Goodyear RT tires and a set of Yeti snow chains for them if it is needed.. Glad Ohio is not a commie dick-tater-ship.. permalink parent award report block reply
Landslide_2020 17 points 4 days ago Didn't Hochul support Hamdani? permalink award report block reply KarenLukasik -2 points 4 days ago no,and think about it,she actually used her state guard to “clean up” the subways.Could she actually be right sometimes?😯 permalink parent award report block reply TidewaterYank 31 points 4 days ago She endorsed Mamdummy...
he didn't endorse her permalink parent award report block reply SpezDispenser 2 points 4 days ago Well that's it... permalink parent award report block reply Female 13 points 4 days ago She endorsed the mamdani over cuomo her former boss 😅 permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 -2 points 4 days ago Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply
KarenLukasik -2 points 4 days ago no,and think about it,she actually used her state guard to “clean up” the subways.Could she actually be right sometimes?😯 permalink parent award report block reply TidewaterYank 31 points 4 days ago She endorsed Mamdummy...
he didn't endorse her permalink parent award report block reply SpezDispenser 2 points 4 days ago Well that's it... permalink parent award report block reply Female 13 points 4 days ago She endorsed the mamdani over cuomo her former boss 😅 permalink parent award report block reply Landslide_2020 -2 points 4 days ago Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply
TidewaterYank 31 points 4 days ago She endorsed Mamdummy...
he didn't endorse her permalink parent award report block reply SpezDispenser 2 points 4 days ago Well that's it... permalink parent award report block reply
SpezDispenser 2 points 4 days ago Well that's it... permalink parent award report block reply
Female 13 points 4 days ago She endorsed the mamdani over cuomo her former boss 😅 permalink parent award report block reply
Landslide_2020 -2 points 4 days ago Thanks. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 16 points 4 days ago Kathy Hochul looks like a sweaty shiny transvestite. permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 7 points 4 days ago A jew Yenta long past her prime with a few face lifts and tucks.. Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully that they do the bride of Frankenstein thing to themselves and yep it is disgusting.. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 2 points 4 days ago Kathleen Courtney Hochul is Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai -3 points 4 days ago Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully no women age gracefully they turn into genderless mummies just like men do permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 0 points 4 days ago I know a 75 year old woman that could screw you all night like a teenage girl and have you begging for mercy.. You have no idea what you are talking about, many women shut down because society like you tell them their lives are over at 50.. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 7 points 4 days ago A jew Yenta long past her prime with a few face lifts and tucks.. Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully that they do the bride of Frankenstein thing to themselves and yep it is disgusting.. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 2 points 4 days ago Kathleen Courtney Hochul is Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai -3 points 4 days ago Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully no women age gracefully they turn into genderless mummies just like men do permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 0 points 4 days ago I know a 75 year old woman that could screw you all night like a teenage girl and have you begging for mercy.. You have no idea what you are talking about, many women shut down because society like you tell them their lives are over at 50.. permalink parent award report block reply
LaptopDied 2 points 4 days ago Kathleen Courtney Hochul is Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai -3 points 4 days ago Women are so afraid to just grow old gracefully no women age gracefully they turn into genderless mummies just like men do permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 0 points 4 days ago I know a 75 year old woman that could screw you all night like a teenage girl and have you begging for mercy.. You have no idea what you are talking about, many women shut down because society like you tell them their lives are over at 50.. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 0 points 4 days ago I know a 75 year old woman that could screw you all night like a teenage girl and have you begging for mercy.. You have no idea what you are talking about, many women shut down because society like you tell them their lives are over at 50.. permalink parent award report block reply
Nanteen 12 points 4 days ago Of course she's saying this now. She wants to win another term. The moment she does. She'll allow the taxes to be raised sky high permalink award report block reply
Creepy_Joe 10 points 4 days ago The wicked witch of the west was a hot piece of ass compared to this one. permalink award report block reply
BartzFFV 8 points 4 days ago Won't Mamdani just send his goons and kidnap the governor and put her in his stable? permalink award report block reply
BartzFFV 6 points 4 days ago Women have no say in a Muslim relationship.
Watch Mamdani enslave her. permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 4 days ago Your terms are acceptable. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 4 days ago Your terms are acceptable. permalink parent award report block reply
RealTXPatriot 6 points 4 days ago Ok so she clearly said " NO NEW INCOME TAXES ". That means the other means like real estate taxes, capital gains, etc. Those.. you betcha. permalink award report block reply
BidensfullAFdiaper 5 points 4 days ago New Yorkers think electing this goat fucker is the ultimate flex on MAGA. Call to prayer in the early AM is going to be a bitch. Retards. permalink award report block reply
tholinz 4 points 4 days ago Remember the system will crush ANY outsider. The DNC wants those commie Gen Z and immigrant votes, but they sure as hell don't want them crashing the grift. permalink award report block reply
mateus 3 points 4 days ago Bucktooth Hochul is Mamdani in a skirt. permalink award report block reply
equiv222 3 points 4 days ago RENT FREEZE?.. ON REAL ESTATE THAT IS ALREADY FROZE.. YET PEOPLE THINK HE HAS SOME MAGIC WAND TO LOWER THE RENT.. IT AIN'T GOING DOWN. IT WILL STAY THE WAY IT IS AND HE WILL TAKE CREDIT FOR DOING...NOTHING, EXCEPT CLAIMING HE FORCED A RENT FREEZE.. AGAIN, ITS ALREADY FROZE., THEN TRY TO TAX THE OWNERS, SOME WILL GO INTO FORCLOSURE, AND HIS FOREIGN INVESTORS WILL BUY THE FORCLOSURE  FOR PEANUTS, WHILE HE MAKES  HIS NEW CAREER .. THAT OF ONE REAL ESTATE INVESTING BY FORCED FORCLOSURES. permalink award report block reply
yukondave 3 points 4 days ago No dont stop them.  They want Communism let them have at it permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 3 points 4 days ago Kind of convenient that she waited until after the election to say this. permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 4 days ago All uniparty theater permalink parent award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 4 days ago All uniparty theater permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 4 days ago Remember: Hochul endorsed Mamdani. When given the chance to be reciprocal, Mamdani chose not to endorse Hochul. permalink award report block reply
Skywise 2 points 4 days ago Stupid twit - why did you support him for Mayor then? permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 4 days ago Popcorn time! For real I see the same in Philly - the Dems are at war in Philly with the Dem Socialists of "The Working Family Party" - the same party that Mamcommie is part of, a Soros/WEF psyop. permalink award report block reply
FlyCatcher94 2 points 4 days ago Maybe that dumb cunt should have backed someone else.  Fucking classic woman behavior, they can only respond to shit happening…. It’s almost like they can’t actually initiate and plan for future shit. For fucks sake permalink award report block reply
AfterGlow 2 points 4 days ago She's on a Crusade against the Mamdani caliphate. permalink award report block reply deleted 3 points 4 days ago AfterGlow 2 points 4 days ago Jeez..that's right. What a mess. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 3 points 4 days ago AfterGlow 2 points 4 days ago Jeez..that's right. What a mess. permalink parent award report block reply
AfterGlow 2 points 4 days ago Jeez..that's right. What a mess. permalink parent award report block reply
Yawnz13 2 points 4 days ago She knows that he's chasing off all the money in the state. permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 2 points 4 days ago But Kathy, The people have spoken and must be punished. permalink award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 2 points 4 days ago That's because she's up for re-election next year but if she wins, she'll raise taxes. permalink award report block reply
Rango 2 points 4 days ago Why would she pay for beaver teeth? permalink award report block reply
brobama123 2 points 4 days ago Dumb. Let him ruin the city! permalink award report block reply
Taupkek 2 points 4 days ago This could be fun to watch! permalink award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 3 days ago keep in mind u/maverick202 is a self-admitted black Democrat from Chicago, who only comes here to troll "incels" and "white trash" (just read his post history), and he also believes Joe Biden won the most votes of any President in US history lmfao permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 days ago keep in mind u/maverick202 is a self-admitted troll who comes here to insult "white trash" and "incels" (his words) and occasionally makes acceptable posts to blend in. just look at his post history, he's a redditor permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 1 points 4 days ago If it wasn't so destructive for the whole Union.. This is like cancer and we have it all over the country.. Question is can we cure it or do we have to cut it out to survive?? permalink parent award report block reply maverick202 -1 points 4 days ago Not really. This soundbyte doesn't mean anything. She'll say anything on media but she'll do what the left wing of the party tells her to do. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 3 days ago keep in mind u/maverick202 is a self-admitted black Democrat from Chicago, who only comes here to troll "incels" and "white trash" (just read his post history), and he also believes Joe Biden won the most votes of any President in US history lmfao permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 days ago keep in mind u/maverick202 is a self-admitted troll who comes here to insult "white trash" and "incels" (his words) and occasionally makes acceptable posts to blend in. just look at his post history, he's a redditor permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 1 points 4 days ago If it wasn't so destructive for the whole Union.. This is like cancer and we have it all over the country.. Question is can we cure it or do we have to cut it out to survive?? permalink parent award report block reply
maverick202 -1 points 4 days ago Not really. This soundbyte doesn't mean anything. She'll say anything on media but she'll do what the left wing of the party tells her to do. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 2 points 4 days ago Good cop bad cop. Awwww shucks guys, no free shit. permalink award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago This is kinda what I was hoping would happen.  It might not end up being such a bad thing for the Shitskin in Chief to assume NYC for now.  I mean muslims hate all of us, left or right.  Lets see how the left deal with them.  I'm thinking it is not going to be a good time for them because they won't be able to use the media or the coveted race card.   They are just going to have to take those ass beatings, or worse.  Then maybe.  Just MAYBE they will finally get it, but it will be too late. permalink award report block reply
TheSonOfGadsden 1 points 4 days ago Unless she gets kickbacks under the table permalink award report block reply
Kpak76 1 points 4 days ago This is code for, I will raise your taxes.  Trust me when I say this as I live in a blue state.  When they tell you I will not raise taxes, you will get the largest tax hike in your states history.  This is EXACTLY what these demonrats just did in my state, and they are bitching they need more this Feb! permalink award report block reply
sumnayin2 1 points 4 days ago Everything they do is a tax on the people. permalink award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 1 points 4 days ago Let's have a contest to see who the biggest marxist is.  I'll put my money on Zohran. permalink award report block reply
Overtaxed 1 points 4 days ago Since when can a mayor raise taxes anyway? permalink award report block reply
Noadhominem 1 points 3 days ago He doesn’t care.  His only objective is to harm Israel.  He is a foreign asset. permalink award report block reply
Liberals_R_Idiots 1 points 4 days ago He he permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 1 points 4 days ago The left used the muslims to grab power and now realize they are the ones that will fall next permalink award report block reply JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 4 days ago Give that city four years to self reflect and serve as a warning permalink parent award report block reply
JoinTheDiscussion 1 points 4 days ago Give that city four years to self reflect and serve as a warning permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 4 days ago Quick question: why hasn't the DSA been banned? Because of 'muh democracy'? permalink award report block reply
TheWitnessOfCacti 1 points 4 days ago Plastic and close to death I think. permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 1 points 4 days ago Key word; no new "income tax" . It's the details in the double speak you must pay attention to permalink award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 1 points 4 days ago Pretty obvious....She's trying to get ready for her fight with stefanic.  She's trying to build some centrist cred permalink award report block reply
Nerdrem3 1 points 4 days ago I don't think she actually has the power to block a mayor from raising city taxes. The state legislature could pass a law putting a cap on it though. permalink award report block reply
MajorClark 1 points 4 days ago She always looks like she's made up for halloween with all that make up!   Cheap and skanky like Nancy Pelosi.   Neither Mamcommie or Hochul are running NYC, the UN is running it.  The UN runs most democrat cities & must be stopped! permalink award report block reply
suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago She’s going to fight him on raises taxes.  Cause THAT’S HER JOB!!! permalink award report block reply
irescreams 1 points 3 days ago Allah Akbar, crazy, your dead. permalink award report block reply
Overtaxed 1 points 4 days ago Muslim governor incoming. permalink award report block reply
glasses2020 1 points 4 days ago Does the mayor even dictate tax policy? permalink award report block reply
Doomer_Guy 1 points 4 days ago As a Doomer, I was hoping Mamdani would win because he would go on to mess everything up, but this has already all exceeded my expectations. permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 4 days ago Taxes will go up.  Hochul and Memdani will both bet richer.  Have you not seen this movie before?  This is just the foreplay to the rape you are are out to experience. permalink award report block reply
WarGreymon77 1 points 3 days ago City dwellers.  Meh. permalink award report block reply
Nibba2 1 points 3 days ago It’s not about taxes. It’s about weaseling into positions of power. permalink award report block reply
ILoveSilk 1 points 4 days ago If she really does so, Republicans will never win NY. Voters are all left lean. If Democrat behaves a little bit moderate, voters will vote for them as Republicans re helpless and hopeless and incompetent. Republicans are as useless as Democrats in terms of making society prosperous. permalink award report block reply
Just_dumping_fuel 1 points 4 days ago basically, she is saying the taxes are going to get raised.. permalink award report block reply
BurtMcGirt 1 points 4 days ago Does Hochul or Whitmer look more like a tranny? permalink award report block reply
Mindcrym 1 points 4 days ago Wood chipper both of those motherfuckers permalink award report block reply
Unboosted 1 points 4 days ago Haha no permalink award report block reply
CLF3 1 points 4 days ago Hochul is dumb as a fucking post and is walking into the trap. Mayors can't arbitrarily hand out free shit or raise taxes and the city council has to vote on it. NYC council districts are multi-billion dollar feifdums unto themselves. mamdani is gonna be a lame duck on everything except direct policy even with most of them being democrats. People won't get any of the free gibs, he'll blame it on albany and theyll vote him in for governor so they think they can the gibs that way. permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 1 points 3 days ago How did New Yorkers get so stupid? permalink award report block reply
ridge3z 1 points 4 days ago Agricultural regions across New York State need to cut off all of their professional ties with Democrat cities and regions within New York State. permalink award report block reply
footinmouth 1 points 4 days ago Fuck that, raise taxes in NY to 60%. permalink award report block reply
npc_1234 1 points 4 days ago She's afraid of Stefanik. permalink award report block reply
Dreddhead13 1 points 3 days ago God I can't stand watching Hochul talk....."bitch... Open your mouth a lil wider when you speak." permalink award report block reply
Papabravo12 1 points 4 days ago I mean, he is just a mayor, they have very little actual authority. Unfortunately as we’ve seen when it comes to crime and homelessness/ drugs etc they can have a large impact by telling police/DAs not to do their jobs. But it’s not like they can do anything legislatively or tax wise. permalink award report block reply
astralentity 1 points 4 days ago This is going to be great and it'll just pave the way for Governor Elise Stefanik. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 4 days ago Yeah, mayors have very limited taxation powers. permalink award report block reply
BlockWorks 1 points 4 days ago PSA: Erin Burnett is fat. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 1 points 4 days ago Raising taxes on the wealthy always has the opposite outcome and really what happens is that it is the small and middle business sector who get hosed the most and that in turn cascades to employees who are the ones that can least afford it. So the economy grinds to a halt as everyone either flees or turtles down to weather the storm. Socialists can never figure out how anything actually works or they just want destruction. permalink award report block reply
VirTW 1 points 4 days ago But But.....Mamdani promised all kinds of free stuff! permalink award report block reply
bubadmt 1 points 4 days ago Fucking hell that’s one ugly hag. permalink award report block reply
R3tro 1 points 4 days ago But what about muh free gibs permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 1 points 4 days ago I called it. At the end of the day, that communist dork is just a mayor. He doesn’t have the ability to pull off 1% of what he said he’d do. In terms of political power, being a mayor is like being 14 years old. You can barely do anything on your own. permalink award report block reply
StoneRealist 1 points 4 days ago Won't matter when the amount of Muslim demonspawn increases and they run one of theirs for governor permalink award report block reply
POTUS_DonnieJ 1 points 4 days ago This is BS. She's just saying that to save face. He'll raise taxes by way of municipal codes that she can't block and he'll be happy about it too. permalink award report block reply
cannonfodder 0 points 4 days ago hmm!  so what are they going to do for money?  the wealthy and productive are getting the hell out of NYC. permalink award report block reply
flashersenpai -1 points 4 days ago Why would Mamdani succeed where AOC, Bernie, atc failed? (assuming they were sincere at any point) Mamdani isn't an islamist, he's not after sharia law, and anyone saying so has War on Terror brain rot or is trying to sell you a narrative for their own purposes. He's a cookie cutter shitlib who just assigned a whole bunch of female shitlibs to office. permalink award report block reply