269 Kash and Pam are useless. We should have to rely on leaks for information like this. 🚽   DRAIN THE SWAMP   🚽 posted 4 days ago by FBIAREFAGGOTS 17 comments award share report block Hodgetwins @hodgetwins • 4d Hey @FBIDirectorKash why didn’t you tell us the J6 pipe bomber was a capitol cop? What else are you hiding from us?
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Captain_MAGA 6 points 4 days ago Bongino has been oddly quiet about this, he would talk about the pipe bomber almost daily on his show. permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago my guess is they know her now, and they are going after her bosses, ever wonder why Nancy just stepped down? she's getting ready to run, and when she does the people won't wonder where she is? permalink parent award report block reply SaltyAv8er 5 points 4 days ago If it was her, do you think the deep state just openly would share that with anyone? This has CIA op all over it. Get everyone else to do their treasonous work. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 3 points 4 days ago Yep This was actually a gang initiation ritual which gang?  The CIA permalink parent award report block reply greatpumpkin 4 points 4 days ago I've been saying this for years. permalink award report block reply FBIAREFAGGOTS OP 4 points 4 days ago shouldn't* permalink award report block reply Wildwind 3 points 4 days ago Both of them know. They are as useless as 2 teats on a boar. permalink award report block reply billybaldwin2 3 points 4 days ago Still haven't seen anything on that outside this website. permalink award report block reply Th0mas_Paine 2 points 4 days ago If this site is the only source, there are a whole lot of people in the Hodge Twins x post replies that really trust this site. permalink parent award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 4 days ago Epstein killed himself, ya know....... permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 2 points 4 days ago Trump should allow Tulsi to whittle away counter intelligence from the FBI. Kash isn’t using any of the agency for anything worthwhile anyway. permalink award report block reply Zacktopia33 1 points 4 days ago Kash would comment but his personal plane is experiencing turbulence. Frequently. permalink parent award report block reply Kimball_Kinnison 2 points 4 days ago FFS I wish pedes would be more patient. Not everything happens instantly and in the public eye. permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago I agree, they now have proof of who she is, now they have to verify who her bosses are, if they let the cat out of the bag, they will be starting to hide things and setting up their stories, but this woman's life is now in danger, they need to offer her a plea deal before she gets whacked permalink parent award report block reply UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 4 days ago Exposing them all to the sunlight. permalink award report block reply Advhawk 1 points 4 days ago Let it play out because you're not doing anything about it permalink award report block reply Belleoffreedom 0 points 4 days ago Bondi was responsible for obtaining this stay. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK56jYv7/stay-issued-in-snap-case/c Do try to keep up. permalink award report block reply
Captain_MAGA 6 points 4 days ago Bongino has been oddly quiet about this, he would talk about the pipe bomber almost daily on his show. permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago my guess is they know her now, and they are going after her bosses, ever wonder why Nancy just stepped down? she's getting ready to run, and when she does the people won't wonder where she is? permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago my guess is they know her now, and they are going after her bosses, ever wonder why Nancy just stepped down? she's getting ready to run, and when she does the people won't wonder where she is? permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyAv8er 5 points 4 days ago If it was her, do you think the deep state just openly would share that with anyone? This has CIA op all over it. Get everyone else to do their treasonous work. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 3 points 4 days ago Yep This was actually a gang initiation ritual which gang?  The CIA permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 3 points 4 days ago Yep This was actually a gang initiation ritual which gang?  The CIA permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 4 points 4 days ago I've been saying this for years. permalink award report block reply
FBIAREFAGGOTS OP 4 points 4 days ago shouldn't* permalink award report block reply
Wildwind 3 points 4 days ago Both of them know. They are as useless as 2 teats on a boar. permalink award report block reply
billybaldwin2 3 points 4 days ago Still haven't seen anything on that outside this website. permalink award report block reply Th0mas_Paine 2 points 4 days ago If this site is the only source, there are a whole lot of people in the Hodge Twins x post replies that really trust this site. permalink parent award report block reply
Th0mas_Paine 2 points 4 days ago If this site is the only source, there are a whole lot of people in the Hodge Twins x post replies that really trust this site. permalink parent award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 4 days ago Epstein killed himself, ya know....... permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 2 points 4 days ago Trump should allow Tulsi to whittle away counter intelligence from the FBI. Kash isn’t using any of the agency for anything worthwhile anyway. permalink award report block reply Zacktopia33 1 points 4 days ago Kash would comment but his personal plane is experiencing turbulence. Frequently. permalink parent award report block reply
Zacktopia33 1 points 4 days ago Kash would comment but his personal plane is experiencing turbulence. Frequently. permalink parent award report block reply
Kimball_Kinnison 2 points 4 days ago FFS I wish pedes would be more patient. Not everything happens instantly and in the public eye. permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago I agree, they now have proof of who she is, now they have to verify who her bosses are, if they let the cat out of the bag, they will be starting to hide things and setting up their stories, but this woman's life is now in danger, they need to offer her a plea deal before she gets whacked permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago I agree, they now have proof of who she is, now they have to verify who her bosses are, if they let the cat out of the bag, they will be starting to hide things and setting up their stories, but this woman's life is now in danger, they need to offer her a plea deal before she gets whacked permalink parent award report block reply
UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 4 days ago Exposing them all to the sunlight. permalink award report block reply
Advhawk 1 points 4 days ago Let it play out because you're not doing anything about it permalink award report block reply
Belleoffreedom 0 points 4 days ago Bondi was responsible for obtaining this stay. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK56jYv7/stay-issued-in-snap-case/c Do try to keep up. permalink award report block reply