301 REASON.COM: Trump Pardons Mountain Runner Michelino Sunseri, Who Was Prosecuted for Using an Unapproved Trail
...
The decision is consistent with the president's avowed concerns about "overcriminalization in federal regulations." (reason.com) posted 21 hours ago by Sunnybats2 18 comments award share report block Trump pardons mountain runner Michelino Sunseri, who was prosecuted for using an unapproved trail The decision is consistent with the president's avowed concerns about "overcriminalization in federal regulations." reason.com
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save blitzkrieg1 21 points 21 hours ago Who the hell ever let assholes have any say in where WE go in our own country. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 12 points 21 hours ago The same people who just gave themselves a fat raise for a job not well done. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 6 points 20 hours ago All of the National Parks and National Forests have "no-go zones" in the vast majority of the square area of each park/forest for non-federal employees (feds like military). Makes you wonder if those Big Foot/other monsters conspiracie theories are real and other weird shit like the military blocking exploration of the Grand Canyon because of the UFOs/Smithsonian cover up conspiracy theory. At the Grand Canyon they treat it like Area 51. If you fly drones into the area where it is suspected to have UFOs and aliens black helicopters come to your drone operating area to scare you and they use all types of methods to kill your drone from operating over the no-go site at the Grand Canyon. I wish I could say the Grand Canyon part is all LARPing but it really does have a no-go area that is guarded like it's Area 51 even though there are zero military bases for hundreds of miles in any direction from the Grand Canyon. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 16 hours ago For planes and drones, there is the 1987 Overflights Act . For foot traffic, there is an Pinyan Mine, which is an active uranium mine that poses environmental risks as it has hit groundwater and seeps out of the walls. These make sense so far... permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 10 points 20 hours ago Trump's pardon obviates the need for that hearing. And contrary to Hambrick's take, it sends a positive message—unlike his pardons for Capitol rioters, corrupt public officials who abused their powers for personal gain, allies in his fight to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election, or other supporters with dubious cases for clemency. They just had to squeeze this bullshit in there. permalink award report block reply possibletower 2 points 20 hours ago This type of shit makes me more inclined to believe all the Big Foot/monsters conspiracy theories and Grand Canyon UFO conspiracy theories because all these parks and forests have no-go areas that are banned to civilians that make up 80% of each square area of each park and forest. At the Grand Canyon if you try to climb or fly a drone into the area that is guarded like Area 51 black helicopters come to scare you and they use drone disabling/blocking tech to kill the drone or force it back away from the no-go area at the Grand Canyon. There are ZERO military bases near the Grand Canyon for hundreds of miles!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 20 hours ago While reading this I was thinking of the Grand Canyon restricted areas and the secret caves. permalink parent award report block reply Piglips 2 points 17 hours ago Thats when i stopped reading. F them. permalink parent award report block reply CatboxfullofBidens 7 points 21 hours ago It would seem that all you really need is a sign that says "Enter at your own risk", and if you yeet yourself down a trail,  that's on you. permalink award report block reply LegendFang 7 points 21 hours ago Crazed govt overreach, to say that some trails are "unapproved." permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 4 points 21 hours ago Probably not safe.  Stupid to charge the guy. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 20 hours ago Makes the Big Foot/monsters conspiracy theories and Grand Canyon UFO conspiracy theories more legit when they do shit like this. 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. That means mining companies can't even access them. Why are they so fucking weird regarding our parks and forests? permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 1 points 18 hours ago 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. Yeah bullshit.  I've been hiking, camping, backpacking, fishing and hunting national forests and parks my whole life.  Never once saw or heard of a restriction.  I've gone as many as 3 weeks in the back country off trail in one trip. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanMestizo 3 points 19 hours ago Just more rules to justify giving more bureacrats power and to throw more people in jail for the prison industrial complex. It would be a lot simpler to just refuse to save people if they take such supposedly risky action, but then there is no payout. permalink award report block reply sixfingerdildo 3 points 19 hours ago What about the guy who got ten years for printing the 2nd amendment into plastic? permalink award report block reply BrookieDragon 2 points 15 hours ago This is definitely in the realm of over-regulation and all that jazz... But there are a TON of really dangerous / unofficial / under maintenanced trails that attract all the random-ass instagrammers that want their popular insta-photo spots that then either end up dying or requiring extensive money from rescue crews to come pull them down. Hawaii had a bunch of spots like that. Blow holes that would suck people down, peaks that required helicopter rescue crews, etc. Some of it could be Darwinism, but alot of it is they didn't know any better to. permalink award report block reply HairSniffer 1 points 20 hours ago Do I recall correctly that just a few years ago someone wandered into sn area at Yellowstone of acidic pools and didn't survive? I get the safety concern.  The government must take responsibility to make it extremely clear where citizens are not allowed or there should be no charges.  Marking boundaries on a downloadable GPS mapping app would be a good start.  Cheap paper maps and large signs should also be required at a bare minimum. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 17 hours ago Skate at own risk, you fall in ice, you die,
Easy, and we're free permalink parent award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 21 points 21 hours ago Who the hell ever let assholes have any say in where WE go in our own country. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 12 points 21 hours ago The same people who just gave themselves a fat raise for a job not well done. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 6 points 20 hours ago All of the National Parks and National Forests have "no-go zones" in the vast majority of the square area of each park/forest for non-federal employees (feds like military). Makes you wonder if those Big Foot/other monsters conspiracie theories are real and other weird shit like the military blocking exploration of the Grand Canyon because of the UFOs/Smithsonian cover up conspiracy theory. At the Grand Canyon they treat it like Area 51. If you fly drones into the area where it is suspected to have UFOs and aliens black helicopters come to your drone operating area to scare you and they use all types of methods to kill your drone from operating over the no-go site at the Grand Canyon. I wish I could say the Grand Canyon part is all LARPing but it really does have a no-go area that is guarded like it's Area 51 even though there are zero military bases for hundreds of miles in any direction from the Grand Canyon. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 16 hours ago For planes and drones, there is the 1987 Overflights Act . For foot traffic, there is an Pinyan Mine, which is an active uranium mine that poses environmental risks as it has hit groundwater and seeps out of the walls. These make sense so far... permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 12 points 21 hours ago The same people who just gave themselves a fat raise for a job not well done. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 6 points 20 hours ago All of the National Parks and National Forests have "no-go zones" in the vast majority of the square area of each park/forest for non-federal employees (feds like military). Makes you wonder if those Big Foot/other monsters conspiracie theories are real and other weird shit like the military blocking exploration of the Grand Canyon because of the UFOs/Smithsonian cover up conspiracy theory. At the Grand Canyon they treat it like Area 51. If you fly drones into the area where it is suspected to have UFOs and aliens black helicopters come to your drone operating area to scare you and they use all types of methods to kill your drone from operating over the no-go site at the Grand Canyon. I wish I could say the Grand Canyon part is all LARPing but it really does have a no-go area that is guarded like it's Area 51 even though there are zero military bases for hundreds of miles in any direction from the Grand Canyon. permalink parent award report block reply UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 16 hours ago For planes and drones, there is the 1987 Overflights Act . For foot traffic, there is an Pinyan Mine, which is an active uranium mine that poses environmental risks as it has hit groundwater and seeps out of the walls. These make sense so far... permalink parent award report block reply
UsedOnlyThrice 1 points 16 hours ago For planes and drones, there is the 1987 Overflights Act . For foot traffic, there is an Pinyan Mine, which is an active uranium mine that poses environmental risks as it has hit groundwater and seeps out of the walls. These make sense so far... permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 10 points 20 hours ago Trump's pardon obviates the need for that hearing. And contrary to Hambrick's take, it sends a positive message—unlike his pardons for Capitol rioters, corrupt public officials who abused their powers for personal gain, allies in his fight to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election, or other supporters with dubious cases for clemency. They just had to squeeze this bullshit in there. permalink award report block reply possibletower 2 points 20 hours ago This type of shit makes me more inclined to believe all the Big Foot/monsters conspiracy theories and Grand Canyon UFO conspiracy theories because all these parks and forests have no-go areas that are banned to civilians that make up 80% of each square area of each park and forest. At the Grand Canyon if you try to climb or fly a drone into the area that is guarded like Area 51 black helicopters come to scare you and they use drone disabling/blocking tech to kill the drone or force it back away from the no-go area at the Grand Canyon. There are ZERO military bases near the Grand Canyon for hundreds of miles!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 20 hours ago While reading this I was thinking of the Grand Canyon restricted areas and the secret caves. permalink parent award report block reply Piglips 2 points 17 hours ago Thats when i stopped reading. F them. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 2 points 20 hours ago This type of shit makes me more inclined to believe all the Big Foot/monsters conspiracy theories and Grand Canyon UFO conspiracy theories because all these parks and forests have no-go areas that are banned to civilians that make up 80% of each square area of each park and forest. At the Grand Canyon if you try to climb or fly a drone into the area that is guarded like Area 51 black helicopters come to scare you and they use drone disabling/blocking tech to kill the drone or force it back away from the no-go area at the Grand Canyon. There are ZERO military bases near the Grand Canyon for hundreds of miles!!! permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 1 points 20 hours ago While reading this I was thinking of the Grand Canyon restricted areas and the secret caves. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 1 points 20 hours ago While reading this I was thinking of the Grand Canyon restricted areas and the secret caves. permalink parent award report block reply
Piglips 2 points 17 hours ago Thats when i stopped reading. F them. permalink parent award report block reply
CatboxfullofBidens 7 points 21 hours ago It would seem that all you really need is a sign that says "Enter at your own risk", and if you yeet yourself down a trail,  that's on you. permalink award report block reply
LegendFang 7 points 21 hours ago Crazed govt overreach, to say that some trails are "unapproved." permalink award report block reply imnotdeadyet 4 points 21 hours ago Probably not safe.  Stupid to charge the guy. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 20 hours ago Makes the Big Foot/monsters conspiracy theories and Grand Canyon UFO conspiracy theories more legit when they do shit like this. 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. That means mining companies can't even access them. Why are they so fucking weird regarding our parks and forests? permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 1 points 18 hours ago 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. Yeah bullshit.  I've been hiking, camping, backpacking, fishing and hunting national forests and parks my whole life.  Never once saw or heard of a restriction.  I've gone as many as 3 weeks in the back country off trail in one trip. permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 4 points 21 hours ago Probably not safe.  Stupid to charge the guy. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 1 points 20 hours ago Makes the Big Foot/monsters conspiracy theories and Grand Canyon UFO conspiracy theories more legit when they do shit like this. 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. That means mining companies can't even access them. Why are they so fucking weird regarding our parks and forests? permalink parent award report block reply UncleSlayton 1 points 18 hours ago 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. Yeah bullshit.  I've been hiking, camping, backpacking, fishing and hunting national forests and parks my whole life.  Never once saw or heard of a restriction.  I've gone as many as 3 weeks in the back country off trail in one trip. permalink parent award report block reply
UncleSlayton 1 points 18 hours ago 80% of each National Park and National Forest are off limits to civilians. Yeah bullshit.  I've been hiking, camping, backpacking, fishing and hunting national forests and parks my whole life.  Never once saw or heard of a restriction.  I've gone as many as 3 weeks in the back country off trail in one trip. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanMestizo 3 points 19 hours ago Just more rules to justify giving more bureacrats power and to throw more people in jail for the prison industrial complex. It would be a lot simpler to just refuse to save people if they take such supposedly risky action, but then there is no payout. permalink award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 3 points 19 hours ago What about the guy who got ten years for printing the 2nd amendment into plastic? permalink award report block reply
BrookieDragon 2 points 15 hours ago This is definitely in the realm of over-regulation and all that jazz... But there are a TON of really dangerous / unofficial / under maintenanced trails that attract all the random-ass instagrammers that want their popular insta-photo spots that then either end up dying or requiring extensive money from rescue crews to come pull them down. Hawaii had a bunch of spots like that. Blow holes that would suck people down, peaks that required helicopter rescue crews, etc. Some of it could be Darwinism, but alot of it is they didn't know any better to. permalink award report block reply
HairSniffer 1 points 20 hours ago Do I recall correctly that just a few years ago someone wandered into sn area at Yellowstone of acidic pools and didn't survive? I get the safety concern.  The government must take responsibility to make it extremely clear where citizens are not allowed or there should be no charges.  Marking boundaries on a downloadable GPS mapping app would be a good start.  Cheap paper maps and large signs should also be required at a bare minimum. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 17 hours ago Skate at own risk, you fall in ice, you die,
Easy, and we're free permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 1 points 17 hours ago Skate at own risk, you fall in ice, you die,
Easy, and we're free permalink parent award report block reply