1384 Supreme Court Takes Up Case On Whether Ballots Must Arrive By Election Day (www.zerohedge.com) posted 1 day ago by Sea_Still 111 comments award share report block Supreme Court Takes Up Case On Whether Ballots Must Arrive By Election Day ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
111 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web One Piece Kills All Parasites in Your Body! Paratoxil duehuckleberry 130 points 1 day ago How is this even a question? Election "Day" - NOT Election "Month" permalink award report block reply CaliBlonde 55 points 1 day ago “Election Season” in California permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 29 points 1 day ago followed by "counting season" .... I mean "cheating season" permalink parent award report block reply _Eric_Ciaramella_ 20 points 1 day ago "Election Until We Get Our Result" permalink parent award report block reply d33zNutz 17 points 1 day ago "Election till we win" permalink parent award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 12 points 1 day ago How are illegals getting benefits. The wonders of america. permalink parent award report block reply CaliBlonde 10 points 1 day ago Visit your local social security office for an eye opener! permalink parent award report block reply BigBallsMike 3 points 1 day ago sheboon village permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 23 hours ago I thought that was the DMV? permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 1 day ago I bet SCOTUS will cave on this one, and allow some reasonable time period post election to be decided by the states. OTOH, if you must meet the deadline for it to count, you're gonna see more illegal backdating, and more "oops, we lost a ballot box!" in predominantly red communities... permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 7 points 1 day ago Well, I mean, yeah, there are always ways to cheat and they will try, but making sure they can't count after election day would have given us the House back in 2018 and given us a much larger majority in the House and Senate in the last. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. None of these things will ever happen. Cause if voting worked, it would be illegal. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 23 hours ago Early in person voting is an excellent alternative for convenience, And has less security issues than mail in voting. As long as each day's results are properly tabulated and sealed against inspection until Election day things will be fine security wise. Precinct readers can read these ballots And totals can be generated and the ballots and the totals sealed until election day.  Much more secure than mail in ballot Where we don't even know who voted them. All the early voting is sealed and not tabulated until the canvas on election day.  In states like Florida It is a criminal offense to leak any of these results early.  Partisan observers are permitted to watch the sealing of the results To ensure everything is on the up and up. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 23 hours ago That's how it started in Cali. Early voting. That was the beginning of woes. Started all nice and reasonable. Became a way of knowing how many votes you needed to manufacture to beat the Republicans. It can be done in a day. We did it that way for centuries. Multiple day voting is just another vector for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 3 points 23 hours ago There should not be any back dating because it won't do them any good. A majority of the United States require that the ballots be in the hands of the election officials by poll closing time.  There are good reasons to require this Specifically The supervisor knows how many Ballots must be counted and no more can be added.  In the states if you mailed your ballot you better hope the post office brought it there before poll closing time or your ballot won't count. Mississippi used to be among these states but they decided to extend things for covid, Allowing extra time With the ballots to arrive and thus extra time for the ballots to be processed and counted. Federal law requires ballots in federal elections to basically be in the hands of the supervisor on election day or they aren't counted. The 5th circuit Who ruled that ballots could not be counted after election day prepared a very detailed opinion and I think the supreme court will uphold it. If the court does not do this Then congress does have the power to amend The law To do things like forbid mail in ballots And require all ballots  be in the hands of the election officials On Election day.  My read of the law already Sounds like that the ballots must be in the hands of the officials by election day, and not the post office or someone else.  Of course the supreme court is the 1 that is going to determine that exact meaning. I hope they do the right thing. These are some of the things that they need to go ahead and get rid of the filibuster to do For election security. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 24 hours ago I have a problem with this whole thing, I don't give a shit if they just arrive on election day, I WANT THEM FUCKING COUNTED AND TOTALED ON ELECTION DAY. This is another word play going on here, it is like I forgot to vote and go in two weeks later and want it now counted is what this case is really about. Before the machines came into use we knew the count by 2 A.M. the next day, Gore VS Bush was the beginning of the shit show in Florida with those fucking hanging chads The chaos surrounding the "hanging chads" and the subsequent legal battle lasted 36 days after election day, highlighting significant flaws in the U.S. electoral system and leading to the passage of the Help America Vote Act in 2002, which eventually banned the use of punch-card ballots in federal elections. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 3 points 23 hours ago "dimpled chads" is proof positive of mass election fraud that started the Help America Vote Act in 2002 which forced electronic cheating machines. The ONLY way to get a dimple is to take a stack of cards and hit with an ice pick or punch machine.  a dimple will not form with one card.   NO one pointed out this obvious fraud.  Thus it was a psyops likely through Bush Sr (CIA) permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 3 points 23 hours ago WOW, you are correct, there was cheating in that election, But WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore? all the ones being challenged that had the so called chads were for Gore. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 1 points 21 hours ago said, "WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore?" It's remotely possible they took advantage of a real problem.  But I believe some of them understand how to run a psyops very well. It was the biggest psyops other then the federal reserve(at that time.)  What better way on winning an election and not taking the blame by putting it on your opposition?   I don't think they took a risk in losing the election at that time.  Courts where in their pockets and of course it helps that they had a logical verdict. The bigger the lie the easier to believe.  It's likely the cabals golden rule number 2.   number one is their idea of freedom.  Which means to do anything they damb well please out side the law. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... JohnN 54 points 1 day ago I'd rather see, "Supreme Court Takes Up Case On Whether Our Elections Are Complete Bullshit." permalink award report block reply Filo76 36 points 1 day ago We tried this is 2020. "No Standing."  "Moot." Then they kicked the can down the road. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 8 points 1 day ago Yeah because they didn't want to get executed by the people doing the blatant coup. permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 9 points 1 day ago Didn't Roberts get quoted as shouting down the other judges about how it wasn't like 2000 because there weren't riots going on then? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 21 hours ago Roberts is a pussy. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 6 points 1 day ago You really wanna see that DEI monkey go on and on and on and on and on and on...? permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 5 points 1 day ago The Eniggizer Monkey permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 2 points 1 day ago If we had real elections, she wouldn't be there. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 39 points 1 day ago Too bad they're not taking up whether mail-in ballots are even legal in the first place. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 6 points 1 day ago There’s definitely nothing in law that says they’re not legal. You can outlaw them if a legislature decides to outlaw them. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 11 points 1 day ago 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election
The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. Which would mean an election day . Allowing people to vote by mail would necessitate them voting on days other than election day to allow for delivery time. It's all about interpretation. So, there's nothing saying it's legal, either. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 4 points 1 day ago We have states like Alaska where there are lots of remote areas, and they've been allowed to do voting by mail for a very long time. I just don't see the courts weighing in on something that should be defined by lawmakers. There's certainly wiggle room in the constitution for states to determine election procedures. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 1 day ago Why not election by internet?! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Goozmania 1 points 17 hours ago Oh well. They can come up with a solution permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 8 hours ago Fair enough, but there needs to be a distinction between "there's no practical way for me to make it to a polling place on election day" absentee voting for remote locations, elderly (not being farmed by leftists), disabled, military, and the bullshit like mail-in for anyone who even "asks", or fucking universal mail-in ballots. That shit is ripe for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 1 points 1 day ago There’s a looooooot of rulings that are well beyond the Constitution. Now that this unbalanced power has been established, it’s ok to use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago We either get back to a system of a stable legal system or we fall apart. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago Controlled demolition. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 0 points 1 day ago Unfortunately, once the communists get in power, you can’t play by the old rules. You need to play by the established rules that are actively being used. If the left can do it, so can we, simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... StoneRealist 2 points 1 day ago Babysteps permalink parent award report block reply 24601 10 points 1 day ago SCOTUS will most likely rule that States run the elections, and therefore the deadline is whatever the State Legislature has indicated. It's too bad there wasn't an opportunity to address this problem before now..... https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/20pdf/20-542_i3dj.pdf permalink award report block reply williammcfadden 10 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day.  That is the issue here. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 4 points 1 day ago It's not in the Constitution.... which specifies the uniformity of the States choosing electors.  This is not the same as the People voting in an election. https://constitution.congress.gov/browse/essay/artII-S1-C4-1/ALDE_00013599/ Election day is a law. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/2/7 permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 1 day ago What about this? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago You just cited a law that OP already sourced, not something in the constitution permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 24601 1 points 1 day ago That's not the Constitution.  That's a statute of the US. There is nothing specified in that law for when ballots may stop being accepted. What IS in the Constitution relates to the State Legislatures having Plenary Power over elections.  SCOTUS ruled on this in 1892.... McPherson v. Blacker permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... DCPower 1 points 1 day ago That’s ok. SCOTUS has been making law from the bench for roughly 70 years now. Unbalanced and Unintended, yes. But now that it’s an established power, might as well use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well the court will have to decide what that term means and how much wiggle room was intended in the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 -1 points 1 day ago The Court has already ruled.... And the language is very clear in the Constitution.  The States run the elections, which don't actually need to include citizens voting btw.... And the Constitution requires that the STATES vote on the same day.... meaning the Electors. There's not really anything to "interpret" permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Awakened 2 points 1 day ago Yep 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago https://constitutioncenter.org/the-constitution/full-text There's the full text of the constitution, where's what you just quoted? If anything the Supreme Court can uphold the integrity of the law you cited based on Section 4 or Article 1: Section 4: Elections
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 day ago I never said it was in the Constitution, but it is law and it's a good one. They didn't have mail in like we do now. They couldn't imagine us being as retarded as we have become. We need to end all mail in ballots if we want our elections to reflect the will of the people and not monied interests. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 2 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day. That is the issue here. Show me. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 23 hours ago Let's use a hypothetical.     If someone a state like West Virginia that voted mostly Republican, but had a Democrat legislature somehow decided to vote Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed?   Are states in any way mandated to vote according to their election results? permalink parent award report block reply 24601 1 points 22 hours ago Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed? It depends on the State's election laws. The State might have a law saying that the Electors MAY follow the popular vote. That would mean that the Electors MAY NOT follow the popular vote. Such law would absolutely be Constitutional and allow the State Legislature to do whatever it wanted.  It should be remembered that States typically did not have the general citizenry in mind when originally drafting the Constitution along with voting for President of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago That would be my guess. Proper judges hate to overstep their authority and overrule the legislature. Unfortunately only the right appoints judges like this. permalink parent award report block reply DJT_MFers1 7 points 1 day ago I can understand how states have rights to run their own elections within state and local, but how the hell are they allowed to interfere on a federal level. permalink award report block reply Awakened 5 points 1 day ago And there's this as well 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply VirPopulus 4 points 1 day ago The states created the federal government, so I think that's where the thinking comes from. There should definitely be a unified federal election law for federal elections, though. The cheating states have a criminal advantage federally for now. permalink parent award report block reply DJT_MFers1 2 points 1 day ago Thank you. And I agree permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 7 points 1 day ago Will there be oral arguments on this? I didn't see any mention of it in the article. permalink award report block reply UsernameChexOut 8 points 1 day ago "Shiiiiet! Ballots that arrived after Election Day should not be counted. That's just fucking common sense! Thanks!" There, I made the oral argument. Now let's move on to the easiest verdict in the history of the SCOTUS permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 1 day ago You just know those arguing against are going to say that is racist because their precious pets are stupid. Sorry, disabled. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago But unfortunately common sense isn’t how cases are decided. It’s more like, did the lawmakers intend for this and did they write that down as a law? Yes this totally idiotic thing was the intent of the lawmaker. Dumb thing is legal. permalink parent award report block reply PorchLightOn 1 points 1 day ago There was only a brief mention in the very last sentence; oral arguments haven't been scheduled yet, but will likely happen early in 2026. I'm interested in following those too. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 2 points 1 day ago Thanks, fren. permalink parent award report block reply SaltyKrakenBalls 4 points 1 day ago LORD JESUS GUIDE THOSE RIGHTEOUS ON THE BENCH!!!! permalink award report block reply DefinitelyNotFed 4 points 1 day ago If the SC rules that mail in ballots can be counted after Election Day then that means Hillary still has a chance to win her 2016 run. Those results would need to be recounted. permalink award report block reply AbrahamLincoln 4 points 1 day ago Should votes be there before the election ends or are elections indefinite and you can just count forever?  Such a hard question. permalink award report block reply DefenderDad 4 points 1 day ago If they took yo the case and declared mail in ballots unconstitutional because Congress never passed a measure to allow them at the federal level would be epic permalink award report block reply MemoryHoleyeO 3 points 24 hours ago Common sense will prevail! Right guys? Right?!?! permalink award report block reply mohel 3 points 1 day ago Any proclamations on water being wet? Beam me up, Scotty! permalink award report block reply CaptRied 2 points 1 day ago What is the difference between a mailed ballot being counted that arrived after an election, and an in-person vote being counted if someone tries to cast it after the polls have been closed? They are both late, but begin their journeys before the polls were closed. Are the polls closed or are they not?  If the polls are not going to be closed for the mailed ballot, then they must also not be closed for the in-person ballot. permalink award report block reply Dev404 2 points 1 day ago Next, let's have the SCOTUS decide how many breaths we're allowed to take in a 24 hour period and how many grams of shit we can pinch off as well. Since we need courts to decide everything, let's get started with the basics. What a retarded country we've become thanks to feminism. permalink award report block reply SBOJ_JOBS 2 points 1 day ago Clearly, they must arrive on and be counted ON ELECTION DAY in a way that everyone can observe every step. That eliminates vote by mail, of course, as it should. permalink award report block reply ILoveSilk 2 points 23 hours ago If date stamped on my check to IRS is late, IRS is going to collect interests and impose penalties on me. Funny that they never argued to relax laws that will benefit the thieves (I consider government is a thief). permalink award report block reply Schroeder09 2 points 22 hours ago The fact that this is a case shows we've already fallen. They'll keep doing insane things that exploit our laws because these are not good faith actors. The founders said our system only works for a moral and just people. These are not moral and just people and they all need thrown in prison or dumped in Uganda. permalink award report block reply 244andcounting 2 points 1 day ago this is a NO BRAINER permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago No Standing! Sit down permalink parent award report block reply SupFrens 2 points 1 day ago SCOTUS better get this one right. permalink award report block reply bananafone 2 points 1 day ago Where's the betting market on this one? Because I bet they will definitely side on, as long as the ballots are signed for by election day.
Even though there has never been any historical precedent one two voting more than one day let alone by mail permalink award report block reply OnlyTrump20 1 points 1 day ago The rule now is they have to be postmarked by up to and including election day, so it might take an extra day or more to arrive.    Some people in the military are mailing them from halfway around the world.   Though military should be a separate category for handling mail ballots. permalink award report block reply Dantalian 1 points 24 hours ago SCOTUS has betrayed America so many times, it's a joke. permalink award report block reply YodaBannon 1 points 1 day ago not the bee permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 1 points 24 hours ago Common sense just ain't so common. permalink award report block reply KennyUS 1 points 1 day ago Should 6-3 in favor permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 1 points 1 day ago it should be a resounding note. We shall see. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well is there specific language somewhere stating they have to be tabulated on Election Day? permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 1 points 1 day ago States will ignore it anyway And the courts will say it's ok. It won't matter what scotus says permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 1 day ago Half measures for broken systems Mail in ballots don't need a paint job, they need to be scrapped permalink award report block reply crimsonfancy 1 points 1 day ago I thought it was supposed to be like this already and absentee votes were for special consideration or for military services that happen to be away from where they're registered. permalink award report block reply iamimaginos 1 points 23 hours ago Who has standing to even bring this case? permalink award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 1 points 1 day ago TFD permalink award report block reply PhantomShield72 1 points 1 day ago Supreme Court Takes up Case on Whether Water is Wet. permalink award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 1 points 1 day ago No-brainer permalink award report block reply Frix 1 points 1 day ago Why is this hard? permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 1 day ago Ready for Amy Dumbfuck to side with her Haitian ancestors permalink award report block reply
duehuckleberry 130 points 1 day ago How is this even a question? Election "Day" - NOT Election "Month" permalink award report block reply CaliBlonde 55 points 1 day ago “Election Season” in California permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 29 points 1 day ago followed by "counting season" .... I mean "cheating season" permalink parent award report block reply _Eric_Ciaramella_ 20 points 1 day ago "Election Until We Get Our Result" permalink parent award report block reply d33zNutz 17 points 1 day ago "Election till we win" permalink parent award report block reply TrumpYouMagaFrenner 12 points 1 day ago How are illegals getting benefits. The wonders of america. permalink parent award report block reply CaliBlonde 10 points 1 day ago Visit your local social security office for an eye opener! permalink parent award report block reply BigBallsMike 3 points 1 day ago sheboon village permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 23 hours ago I thought that was the DMV? permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 1 day ago I bet SCOTUS will cave on this one, and allow some reasonable time period post election to be decided by the states. OTOH, if you must meet the deadline for it to count, you're gonna see more illegal backdating, and more "oops, we lost a ballot box!" in predominantly red communities... permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 7 points 1 day ago Well, I mean, yeah, there are always ways to cheat and they will try, but making sure they can't count after election day would have given us the House back in 2018 and given us a much larger majority in the House and Senate in the last. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. None of these things will ever happen. Cause if voting worked, it would be illegal. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 23 hours ago Early in person voting is an excellent alternative for convenience, And has less security issues than mail in voting. As long as each day's results are properly tabulated and sealed against inspection until Election day things will be fine security wise. Precinct readers can read these ballots And totals can be generated and the ballots and the totals sealed until election day.  Much more secure than mail in ballot Where we don't even know who voted them. All the early voting is sealed and not tabulated until the canvas on election day.  In states like Florida It is a criminal offense to leak any of these results early.  Partisan observers are permitted to watch the sealing of the results To ensure everything is on the up and up. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 23 hours ago That's how it started in Cali. Early voting. That was the beginning of woes. Started all nice and reasonable. Became a way of knowing how many votes you needed to manufacture to beat the Republicans. It can be done in a day. We did it that way for centuries. Multiple day voting is just another vector for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 3 points 23 hours ago There should not be any back dating because it won't do them any good. A majority of the United States require that the ballots be in the hands of the election officials by poll closing time.  There are good reasons to require this Specifically The supervisor knows how many Ballots must be counted and no more can be added.  In the states if you mailed your ballot you better hope the post office brought it there before poll closing time or your ballot won't count. Mississippi used to be among these states but they decided to extend things for covid, Allowing extra time With the ballots to arrive and thus extra time for the ballots to be processed and counted. Federal law requires ballots in federal elections to basically be in the hands of the supervisor on election day or they aren't counted. The 5th circuit Who ruled that ballots could not be counted after election day prepared a very detailed opinion and I think the supreme court will uphold it. If the court does not do this Then congress does have the power to amend The law To do things like forbid mail in ballots And require all ballots  be in the hands of the election officials On Election day.  My read of the law already Sounds like that the ballots must be in the hands of the officials by election day, and not the post office or someone else.  Of course the supreme court is the 1 that is going to determine that exact meaning. I hope they do the right thing. These are some of the things that they need to go ahead and get rid of the filibuster to do For election security. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 24 hours ago I have a problem with this whole thing, I don't give a shit if they just arrive on election day, I WANT THEM FUCKING COUNTED AND TOTALED ON ELECTION DAY. This is another word play going on here, it is like I forgot to vote and go in two weeks later and want it now counted is what this case is really about. Before the machines came into use we knew the count by 2 A.M. the next day, Gore VS Bush was the beginning of the shit show in Florida with those fucking hanging chads The chaos surrounding the "hanging chads" and the subsequent legal battle lasted 36 days after election day, highlighting significant flaws in the U.S. electoral system and leading to the passage of the Help America Vote Act in 2002, which eventually banned the use of punch-card ballots in federal elections. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 3 points 23 hours ago "dimpled chads" is proof positive of mass election fraud that started the Help America Vote Act in 2002 which forced electronic cheating machines. The ONLY way to get a dimple is to take a stack of cards and hit with an ice pick or punch machine.  a dimple will not form with one card.   NO one pointed out this obvious fraud.  Thus it was a psyops likely through Bush Sr (CIA) permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 3 points 23 hours ago WOW, you are correct, there was cheating in that election, But WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore? all the ones being challenged that had the so called chads were for Gore. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 1 points 21 hours ago said, "WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore?" It's remotely possible they took advantage of a real problem.  But I believe some of them understand how to run a psyops very well. It was the biggest psyops other then the federal reserve(at that time.)  What better way on winning an election and not taking the blame by putting it on your opposition?   I don't think they took a risk in losing the election at that time.  Courts where in their pockets and of course it helps that they had a logical verdict. The bigger the lie the easier to believe.  It's likely the cabals golden rule number 2.   number one is their idea of freedom.  Which means to do anything they damb well please out side the law. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
CaliBlonde 55 points 1 day ago “Election Season” in California permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 29 points 1 day ago followed by "counting season" .... I mean "cheating season" permalink parent award report block reply _Eric_Ciaramella_ 20 points 1 day ago "Election Until We Get Our Result" permalink parent award report block reply
DontTreadOnLego 29 points 1 day ago followed by "counting season" .... I mean "cheating season" permalink parent award report block reply
_Eric_Ciaramella_ 20 points 1 day ago "Election Until We Get Our Result" permalink parent award report block reply
d33zNutz 17 points 1 day ago "Election till we win" permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpYouMagaFrenner 12 points 1 day ago How are illegals getting benefits. The wonders of america. permalink parent award report block reply CaliBlonde 10 points 1 day ago Visit your local social security office for an eye opener! permalink parent award report block reply BigBallsMike 3 points 1 day ago sheboon village permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 23 hours ago I thought that was the DMV? permalink parent award report block reply
CaliBlonde 10 points 1 day ago Visit your local social security office for an eye opener! permalink parent award report block reply BigBallsMike 3 points 1 day ago sheboon village permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 23 hours ago I thought that was the DMV? permalink parent award report block reply
BigBallsMike 3 points 1 day ago sheboon village permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 23 hours ago I thought that was the DMV? permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 2 points 23 hours ago I thought that was the DMV? permalink parent award report block reply
keeponwinning 6 points 1 day ago I bet SCOTUS will cave on this one, and allow some reasonable time period post election to be decided by the states. OTOH, if you must meet the deadline for it to count, you're gonna see more illegal backdating, and more "oops, we lost a ballot box!" in predominantly red communities... permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 7 points 1 day ago Well, I mean, yeah, there are always ways to cheat and they will try, but making sure they can't count after election day would have given us the House back in 2018 and given us a much larger majority in the House and Senate in the last. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. None of these things will ever happen. Cause if voting worked, it would be illegal. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 23 hours ago Early in person voting is an excellent alternative for convenience, And has less security issues than mail in voting. As long as each day's results are properly tabulated and sealed against inspection until Election day things will be fine security wise. Precinct readers can read these ballots And totals can be generated and the ballots and the totals sealed until election day.  Much more secure than mail in ballot Where we don't even know who voted them. All the early voting is sealed and not tabulated until the canvas on election day.  In states like Florida It is a criminal offense to leak any of these results early.  Partisan observers are permitted to watch the sealing of the results To ensure everything is on the up and up. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 23 hours ago That's how it started in Cali. Early voting. That was the beginning of woes. Started all nice and reasonable. Became a way of knowing how many votes you needed to manufacture to beat the Republicans. It can be done in a day. We did it that way for centuries. Multiple day voting is just another vector for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 3 points 23 hours ago There should not be any back dating because it won't do them any good. A majority of the United States require that the ballots be in the hands of the election officials by poll closing time.  There are good reasons to require this Specifically The supervisor knows how many Ballots must be counted and no more can be added.  In the states if you mailed your ballot you better hope the post office brought it there before poll closing time or your ballot won't count. Mississippi used to be among these states but they decided to extend things for covid, Allowing extra time With the ballots to arrive and thus extra time for the ballots to be processed and counted. Federal law requires ballots in federal elections to basically be in the hands of the supervisor on election day or they aren't counted. The 5th circuit Who ruled that ballots could not be counted after election day prepared a very detailed opinion and I think the supreme court will uphold it. If the court does not do this Then congress does have the power to amend The law To do things like forbid mail in ballots And require all ballots  be in the hands of the election officials On Election day.  My read of the law already Sounds like that the ballots must be in the hands of the officials by election day, and not the post office or someone else.  Of course the supreme court is the 1 that is going to determine that exact meaning. I hope they do the right thing. These are some of the things that they need to go ahead and get rid of the filibuster to do For election security. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 7 points 1 day ago Well, I mean, yeah, there are always ways to cheat and they will try, but making sure they can't count after election day would have given us the House back in 2018 and given us a much larger majority in the House and Senate in the last. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. None of these things will ever happen. Cause if voting worked, it would be illegal. permalink parent award report block reply tired-of-crap 1 points 23 hours ago Early in person voting is an excellent alternative for convenience, And has less security issues than mail in voting. As long as each day's results are properly tabulated and sealed against inspection until Election day things will be fine security wise. Precinct readers can read these ballots And totals can be generated and the ballots and the totals sealed until election day.  Much more secure than mail in ballot Where we don't even know who voted them. All the early voting is sealed and not tabulated until the canvas on election day.  In states like Florida It is a criminal offense to leak any of these results early.  Partisan observers are permitted to watch the sealing of the results To ensure everything is on the up and up. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 23 hours ago That's how it started in Cali. Early voting. That was the beginning of woes. Started all nice and reasonable. Became a way of knowing how many votes you needed to manufacture to beat the Republicans. It can be done in a day. We did it that way for centuries. Multiple day voting is just another vector for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 1 points 23 hours ago Early in person voting is an excellent alternative for convenience, And has less security issues than mail in voting. As long as each day's results are properly tabulated and sealed against inspection until Election day things will be fine security wise. Precinct readers can read these ballots And totals can be generated and the ballots and the totals sealed until election day.  Much more secure than mail in ballot Where we don't even know who voted them. All the early voting is sealed and not tabulated until the canvas on election day.  In states like Florida It is a criminal offense to leak any of these results early.  Partisan observers are permitted to watch the sealing of the results To ensure everything is on the up and up. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 23 hours ago That's how it started in Cali. Early voting. That was the beginning of woes. Started all nice and reasonable. Became a way of knowing how many votes you needed to manufacture to beat the Republicans. It can be done in a day. We did it that way for centuries. Multiple day voting is just another vector for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 23 hours ago That's how it started in Cali. Early voting. That was the beginning of woes. Started all nice and reasonable. Became a way of knowing how many votes you needed to manufacture to beat the Republicans. It can be done in a day. We did it that way for centuries. Multiple day voting is just another vector for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
tired-of-crap 3 points 23 hours ago There should not be any back dating because it won't do them any good. A majority of the United States require that the ballots be in the hands of the election officials by poll closing time.  There are good reasons to require this Specifically The supervisor knows how many Ballots must be counted and no more can be added.  In the states if you mailed your ballot you better hope the post office brought it there before poll closing time or your ballot won't count. Mississippi used to be among these states but they decided to extend things for covid, Allowing extra time With the ballots to arrive and thus extra time for the ballots to be processed and counted. Federal law requires ballots in federal elections to basically be in the hands of the supervisor on election day or they aren't counted. The 5th circuit Who ruled that ballots could not be counted after election day prepared a very detailed opinion and I think the supreme court will uphold it. If the court does not do this Then congress does have the power to amend The law To do things like forbid mail in ballots And require all ballots  be in the hands of the election officials On Election day.  My read of the law already Sounds like that the ballots must be in the hands of the officials by election day, and not the post office or someone else.  Of course the supreme court is the 1 that is going to determine that exact meaning. I hope they do the right thing. These are some of the things that they need to go ahead and get rid of the filibuster to do For election security. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 24 hours ago I have a problem with this whole thing, I don't give a shit if they just arrive on election day, I WANT THEM FUCKING COUNTED AND TOTALED ON ELECTION DAY. This is another word play going on here, it is like I forgot to vote and go in two weeks later and want it now counted is what this case is really about. Before the machines came into use we knew the count by 2 A.M. the next day, Gore VS Bush was the beginning of the shit show in Florida with those fucking hanging chads The chaos surrounding the "hanging chads" and the subsequent legal battle lasted 36 days after election day, highlighting significant flaws in the U.S. electoral system and leading to the passage of the Help America Vote Act in 2002, which eventually banned the use of punch-card ballots in federal elections. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 3 points 23 hours ago "dimpled chads" is proof positive of mass election fraud that started the Help America Vote Act in 2002 which forced electronic cheating machines. The ONLY way to get a dimple is to take a stack of cards and hit with an ice pick or punch machine.  a dimple will not form with one card.   NO one pointed out this obvious fraud.  Thus it was a psyops likely through Bush Sr (CIA) permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 3 points 23 hours ago WOW, you are correct, there was cheating in that election, But WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore? all the ones being challenged that had the so called chads were for Gore. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 1 points 21 hours ago said, "WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore?" It's remotely possible they took advantage of a real problem.  But I believe some of them understand how to run a psyops very well. It was the biggest psyops other then the federal reserve(at that time.)  What better way on winning an election and not taking the blame by putting it on your opposition?   I don't think they took a risk in losing the election at that time.  Courts where in their pockets and of course it helps that they had a logical verdict. The bigger the lie the easier to believe.  It's likely the cabals golden rule number 2.   number one is their idea of freedom.  Which means to do anything they damb well please out side the law. permalink parent award report block reply
OxAO 3 points 23 hours ago "dimpled chads" is proof positive of mass election fraud that started the Help America Vote Act in 2002 which forced electronic cheating machines. The ONLY way to get a dimple is to take a stack of cards and hit with an ice pick or punch machine.  a dimple will not form with one card.   NO one pointed out this obvious fraud.  Thus it was a psyops likely through Bush Sr (CIA) permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 3 points 23 hours ago WOW, you are correct, there was cheating in that election, But WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore? all the ones being challenged that had the so called chads were for Gore. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 1 points 21 hours ago said, "WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore?" It's remotely possible they took advantage of a real problem.  But I believe some of them understand how to run a psyops very well. It was the biggest psyops other then the federal reserve(at that time.)  What better way on winning an election and not taking the blame by putting it on your opposition?   I don't think they took a risk in losing the election at that time.  Courts where in their pockets and of course it helps that they had a logical verdict. The bigger the lie the easier to believe.  It's likely the cabals golden rule number 2.   number one is their idea of freedom.  Which means to do anything they damb well please out side the law. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 3 points 23 hours ago WOW, you are correct, there was cheating in that election, But WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore? all the ones being challenged that had the so called chads were for Gore. permalink parent award report block reply OxAO 1 points 21 hours ago said, "WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore?" It's remotely possible they took advantage of a real problem.  But I believe some of them understand how to run a psyops very well. It was the biggest psyops other then the federal reserve(at that time.)  What better way on winning an election and not taking the blame by putting it on your opposition?   I don't think they took a risk in losing the election at that time.  Courts where in their pockets and of course it helps that they had a logical verdict. The bigger the lie the easier to believe.  It's likely the cabals golden rule number 2.   number one is their idea of freedom.  Which means to do anything they damb well please out side the law. permalink parent award report block reply
OxAO 1 points 21 hours ago said, "WHY would Bush punch out ballots for Al Gore?" It's remotely possible they took advantage of a real problem.  But I believe some of them understand how to run a psyops very well. It was the biggest psyops other then the federal reserve(at that time.)  What better way on winning an election and not taking the blame by putting it on your opposition?   I don't think they took a risk in losing the election at that time.  Courts where in their pockets and of course it helps that they had a logical verdict. The bigger the lie the easier to believe.  It's likely the cabals golden rule number 2.   number one is their idea of freedom.  Which means to do anything they damb well please out side the law. permalink parent award report block reply
JohnN 54 points 1 day ago I'd rather see, "Supreme Court Takes Up Case On Whether Our Elections Are Complete Bullshit." permalink award report block reply Filo76 36 points 1 day ago We tried this is 2020. "No Standing."  "Moot." Then they kicked the can down the road. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 8 points 1 day ago Yeah because they didn't want to get executed by the people doing the blatant coup. permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 9 points 1 day ago Didn't Roberts get quoted as shouting down the other judges about how it wasn't like 2000 because there weren't riots going on then? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 21 hours ago Roberts is a pussy. permalink parent award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 6 points 1 day ago You really wanna see that DEI monkey go on and on and on and on and on and on...? permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 5 points 1 day ago The Eniggizer Monkey permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 2 points 1 day ago If we had real elections, she wouldn't be there. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 36 points 1 day ago We tried this is 2020. "No Standing."  "Moot." Then they kicked the can down the road. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 8 points 1 day ago Yeah because they didn't want to get executed by the people doing the blatant coup. permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 9 points 1 day ago Didn't Roberts get quoted as shouting down the other judges about how it wasn't like 2000 because there weren't riots going on then? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 21 hours ago Roberts is a pussy. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 8 points 1 day ago Yeah because they didn't want to get executed by the people doing the blatant coup. permalink parent award report block reply DatTrumpDoh 9 points 1 day ago Didn't Roberts get quoted as shouting down the other judges about how it wasn't like 2000 because there weren't riots going on then? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 21 hours ago Roberts is a pussy. permalink parent award report block reply
DatTrumpDoh 9 points 1 day ago Didn't Roberts get quoted as shouting down the other judges about how it wasn't like 2000 because there weren't riots going on then? permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 21 hours ago Roberts is a pussy. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 21 hours ago Roberts is a pussy. permalink parent award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 6 points 1 day ago You really wanna see that DEI monkey go on and on and on and on and on and on...? permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 5 points 1 day ago The Eniggizer Monkey permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 2 points 1 day ago If we had real elections, she wouldn't be there. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 5 points 1 day ago The Eniggizer Monkey permalink parent award report block reply
JohnN 2 points 1 day ago If we had real elections, she wouldn't be there. permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 39 points 1 day ago Too bad they're not taking up whether mail-in ballots are even legal in the first place. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 6 points 1 day ago There’s definitely nothing in law that says they’re not legal. You can outlaw them if a legislature decides to outlaw them. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 11 points 1 day ago 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election
The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. Which would mean an election day . Allowing people to vote by mail would necessitate them voting on days other than election day to allow for delivery time. It's all about interpretation. So, there's nothing saying it's legal, either. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 4 points 1 day ago We have states like Alaska where there are lots of remote areas, and they've been allowed to do voting by mail for a very long time. I just don't see the courts weighing in on something that should be defined by lawmakers. There's certainly wiggle room in the constitution for states to determine election procedures. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 1 day ago Why not election by internet?! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Goozmania 1 points 17 hours ago Oh well. They can come up with a solution permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 8 hours ago Fair enough, but there needs to be a distinction between "there's no practical way for me to make it to a polling place on election day" absentee voting for remote locations, elderly (not being farmed by leftists), disabled, military, and the bullshit like mail-in for anyone who even "asks", or fucking universal mail-in ballots. That shit is ripe for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 1 points 1 day ago There’s a looooooot of rulings that are well beyond the Constitution. Now that this unbalanced power has been established, it’s ok to use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago We either get back to a system of a stable legal system or we fall apart. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago Controlled demolition. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 0 points 1 day ago Unfortunately, once the communists get in power, you can’t play by the old rules. You need to play by the established rules that are actively being used. If the left can do it, so can we, simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... StoneRealist 2 points 1 day ago Babysteps permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 6 points 1 day ago There’s definitely nothing in law that says they’re not legal. You can outlaw them if a legislature decides to outlaw them. permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 11 points 1 day ago 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election
The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. Which would mean an election day . Allowing people to vote by mail would necessitate them voting on days other than election day to allow for delivery time. It's all about interpretation. So, there's nothing saying it's legal, either. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 4 points 1 day ago We have states like Alaska where there are lots of remote areas, and they've been allowed to do voting by mail for a very long time. I just don't see the courts weighing in on something that should be defined by lawmakers. There's certainly wiggle room in the constitution for states to determine election procedures. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 1 day ago Why not election by internet?! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Goozmania 1 points 17 hours ago Oh well. They can come up with a solution permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 8 hours ago Fair enough, but there needs to be a distinction between "there's no practical way for me to make it to a polling place on election day" absentee voting for remote locations, elderly (not being farmed by leftists), disabled, military, and the bullshit like mail-in for anyone who even "asks", or fucking universal mail-in ballots. That shit is ripe for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 1 points 1 day ago There’s a looooooot of rulings that are well beyond the Constitution. Now that this unbalanced power has been established, it’s ok to use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago We either get back to a system of a stable legal system or we fall apart. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago Controlled demolition. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 0 points 1 day ago Unfortunately, once the communists get in power, you can’t play by the old rules. You need to play by the established rules that are actively being used. If the left can do it, so can we, simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
fazaman 11 points 1 day ago 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election
The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. Which would mean an election day . Allowing people to vote by mail would necessitate them voting on days other than election day to allow for delivery time. It's all about interpretation. So, there's nothing saying it's legal, either. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 4 points 1 day ago We have states like Alaska where there are lots of remote areas, and they've been allowed to do voting by mail for a very long time. I just don't see the courts weighing in on something that should be defined by lawmakers. There's certainly wiggle room in the constitution for states to determine election procedures. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 1 day ago Why not election by internet?! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Goozmania 1 points 17 hours ago Oh well. They can come up with a solution permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 8 hours ago Fair enough, but there needs to be a distinction between "there's no practical way for me to make it to a polling place on election day" absentee voting for remote locations, elderly (not being farmed by leftists), disabled, military, and the bullshit like mail-in for anyone who even "asks", or fucking universal mail-in ballots. That shit is ripe for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 4 points 1 day ago We have states like Alaska where there are lots of remote areas, and they've been allowed to do voting by mail for a very long time. I just don't see the courts weighing in on something that should be defined by lawmakers. There's certainly wiggle room in the constitution for states to determine election procedures. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 1 day ago Why not election by internet?! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Goozmania 1 points 17 hours ago Oh well. They can come up with a solution permalink parent award report block reply fazaman 1 points 8 hours ago Fair enough, but there needs to be a distinction between "there's no practical way for me to make it to a polling place on election day" absentee voting for remote locations, elderly (not being farmed by leftists), disabled, military, and the bullshit like mail-in for anyone who even "asks", or fucking universal mail-in ballots. That shit is ripe for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 2 points 1 day ago Why not election by internet?! permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Goozmania 1 points 17 hours ago Oh well. They can come up with a solution permalink parent award report block reply
fazaman 1 points 8 hours ago Fair enough, but there needs to be a distinction between "there's no practical way for me to make it to a polling place on election day" absentee voting for remote locations, elderly (not being farmed by leftists), disabled, military, and the bullshit like mail-in for anyone who even "asks", or fucking universal mail-in ballots. That shit is ripe for fraud. permalink parent award report block reply
DCPower 1 points 1 day ago There’s a looooooot of rulings that are well beyond the Constitution. Now that this unbalanced power has been established, it’s ok to use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago We either get back to a system of a stable legal system or we fall apart. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago Controlled demolition. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 0 points 1 day ago Unfortunately, once the communists get in power, you can’t play by the old rules. You need to play by the established rules that are actively being used. If the left can do it, so can we, simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago We either get back to a system of a stable legal system or we fall apart. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago Controlled demolition. permalink parent award report block reply DCPower 0 points 1 day ago Unfortunately, once the communists get in power, you can’t play by the old rules. You need to play by the established rules that are actively being used. If the left can do it, so can we, simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago Controlled demolition. permalink parent award report block reply
DCPower 0 points 1 day ago Unfortunately, once the communists get in power, you can’t play by the old rules. You need to play by the established rules that are actively being used. If the left can do it, so can we, simple as that. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
StoneRealist 2 points 1 day ago Babysteps permalink parent award report block reply
24601 10 points 1 day ago SCOTUS will most likely rule that States run the elections, and therefore the deadline is whatever the State Legislature has indicated. It's too bad there wasn't an opportunity to address this problem before now..... https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/20pdf/20-542_i3dj.pdf permalink award report block reply williammcfadden 10 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day.  That is the issue here. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 4 points 1 day ago It's not in the Constitution.... which specifies the uniformity of the States choosing electors.  This is not the same as the People voting in an election. https://constitution.congress.gov/browse/essay/artII-S1-C4-1/ALDE_00013599/ Election day is a law. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/2/7 permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 1 day ago What about this? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago You just cited a law that OP already sourced, not something in the constitution permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 24601 1 points 1 day ago That's not the Constitution.  That's a statute of the US. There is nothing specified in that law for when ballots may stop being accepted. What IS in the Constitution relates to the State Legislatures having Plenary Power over elections.  SCOTUS ruled on this in 1892.... McPherson v. Blacker permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... DCPower 1 points 1 day ago That’s ok. SCOTUS has been making law from the bench for roughly 70 years now. Unbalanced and Unintended, yes. But now that it’s an established power, might as well use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well the court will have to decide what that term means and how much wiggle room was intended in the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 -1 points 1 day ago The Court has already ruled.... And the language is very clear in the Constitution.  The States run the elections, which don't actually need to include citizens voting btw.... And the Constitution requires that the STATES vote on the same day.... meaning the Electors. There's not really anything to "interpret" permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Awakened 2 points 1 day ago Yep 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago https://constitutioncenter.org/the-constitution/full-text There's the full text of the constitution, where's what you just quoted? If anything the Supreme Court can uphold the integrity of the law you cited based on Section 4 or Article 1: Section 4: Elections
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 day ago I never said it was in the Constitution, but it is law and it's a good one. They didn't have mail in like we do now. They couldn't imagine us being as retarded as we have become. We need to end all mail in ballots if we want our elections to reflect the will of the people and not monied interests. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 2 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day. That is the issue here. Show me. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 23 hours ago Let's use a hypothetical.     If someone a state like West Virginia that voted mostly Republican, but had a Democrat legislature somehow decided to vote Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed?   Are states in any way mandated to vote according to their election results? permalink parent award report block reply 24601 1 points 22 hours ago Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed? It depends on the State's election laws. The State might have a law saying that the Electors MAY follow the popular vote. That would mean that the Electors MAY NOT follow the popular vote. Such law would absolutely be Constitutional and allow the State Legislature to do whatever it wanted.  It should be remembered that States typically did not have the general citizenry in mind when originally drafting the Constitution along with voting for President of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago That would be my guess. Proper judges hate to overstep their authority and overrule the legislature. Unfortunately only the right appoints judges like this. permalink parent award report block reply
williammcfadden 10 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day.  That is the issue here. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 4 points 1 day ago It's not in the Constitution.... which specifies the uniformity of the States choosing electors.  This is not the same as the People voting in an election. https://constitution.congress.gov/browse/essay/artII-S1-C4-1/ALDE_00013599/ Election day is a law. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/2/7 permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 1 day ago What about this? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago You just cited a law that OP already sourced, not something in the constitution permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 24601 1 points 1 day ago That's not the Constitution.  That's a statute of the US. There is nothing specified in that law for when ballots may stop being accepted. What IS in the Constitution relates to the State Legislatures having Plenary Power over elections.  SCOTUS ruled on this in 1892.... McPherson v. Blacker permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... DCPower 1 points 1 day ago That’s ok. SCOTUS has been making law from the bench for roughly 70 years now. Unbalanced and Unintended, yes. But now that it’s an established power, might as well use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well the court will have to decide what that term means and how much wiggle room was intended in the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 -1 points 1 day ago The Court has already ruled.... And the language is very clear in the Constitution.  The States run the elections, which don't actually need to include citizens voting btw.... And the Constitution requires that the STATES vote on the same day.... meaning the Electors. There's not really anything to "interpret" permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Awakened 2 points 1 day ago Yep 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago https://constitutioncenter.org/the-constitution/full-text There's the full text of the constitution, where's what you just quoted? If anything the Supreme Court can uphold the integrity of the law you cited based on Section 4 or Article 1: Section 4: Elections
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 day ago I never said it was in the Constitution, but it is law and it's a good one. They didn't have mail in like we do now. They couldn't imagine us being as retarded as we have become. We need to end all mail in ballots if we want our elections to reflect the will of the people and not monied interests. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 2 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day. That is the issue here. Show me. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 4 points 1 day ago It's not in the Constitution.... which specifies the uniformity of the States choosing electors.  This is not the same as the People voting in an election. https://constitution.congress.gov/browse/essay/artII-S1-C4-1/ALDE_00013599/ Election day is a law. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/2/7 permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 1 day ago What about this? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago You just cited a law that OP already sourced, not something in the constitution permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 24601 1 points 1 day ago That's not the Constitution.  That's a statute of the US. There is nothing specified in that law for when ballots may stop being accepted. What IS in the Constitution relates to the State Legislatures having Plenary Power over elections.  SCOTUS ruled on this in 1892.... McPherson v. Blacker permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... DCPower 1 points 1 day ago That’s ok. SCOTUS has been making law from the bench for roughly 70 years now. Unbalanced and Unintended, yes. But now that it’s an established power, might as well use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well the court will have to decide what that term means and how much wiggle room was intended in the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 -1 points 1 day ago The Court has already ruled.... And the language is very clear in the Constitution.  The States run the elections, which don't actually need to include citizens voting btw.... And the Constitution requires that the STATES vote on the same day.... meaning the Electors. There's not really anything to "interpret" permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Awakened 2 points 1 day ago What about this? 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago You just cited a law that OP already sourced, not something in the constitution permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 24601 1 points 1 day ago That's not the Constitution.  That's a statute of the US. There is nothing specified in that law for when ballots may stop being accepted. What IS in the Constitution relates to the State Legislatures having Plenary Power over elections.  SCOTUS ruled on this in 1892.... McPherson v. Blacker permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago You just cited a law that OP already sourced, not something in the constitution permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
24601 1 points 1 day ago That's not the Constitution.  That's a statute of the US. There is nothing specified in that law for when ballots may stop being accepted. What IS in the Constitution relates to the State Legislatures having Plenary Power over elections.  SCOTUS ruled on this in 1892.... McPherson v. Blacker permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
DCPower 1 points 1 day ago That’s ok. SCOTUS has been making law from the bench for roughly 70 years now. Unbalanced and Unintended, yes. But now that it’s an established power, might as well use it for good. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well the court will have to decide what that term means and how much wiggle room was intended in the constitution. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 -1 points 1 day ago The Court has already ruled.... And the language is very clear in the Constitution.  The States run the elections, which don't actually need to include citizens voting btw.... And the Constitution requires that the STATES vote on the same day.... meaning the Electors. There's not really anything to "interpret" permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
24601 -1 points 1 day ago The Court has already ruled.... And the language is very clear in the Constitution.  The States run the elections, which don't actually need to include citizens voting btw.... And the Constitution requires that the STATES vote on the same day.... meaning the Electors. There's not really anything to "interpret" permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Awakened 2 points 1 day ago Yep 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago https://constitutioncenter.org/the-constitution/full-text There's the full text of the constitution, where's what you just quoted? If anything the Supreme Court can uphold the integrity of the law you cited based on Section 4 or Article 1: Section 4: Elections
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 day ago I never said it was in the Constitution, but it is law and it's a good one. They didn't have mail in like we do now. They couldn't imagine us being as retarded as we have become. We need to end all mail in ballots if we want our elections to reflect the will of the people and not monied interests. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. permalink parent award report block reply
Terriblesubreddit1 1 points 1 day ago https://constitutioncenter.org/the-constitution/full-text There's the full text of the constitution, where's what you just quoted? If anything the Supreme Court can uphold the integrity of the law you cited based on Section 4 or Article 1: Section 4: Elections
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 1 points 1 day ago I never said it was in the Constitution, but it is law and it's a good one. They didn't have mail in like we do now. They couldn't imagine us being as retarded as we have become. We need to end all mail in ballots if we want our elections to reflect the will of the people and not monied interests. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 1 day ago I never said it was in the Constitution, but it is law and it's a good one. They didn't have mail in like we do now. They couldn't imagine us being as retarded as we have become. We need to end all mail in ballots if we want our elections to reflect the will of the people and not monied interests. Obviously the solution is ending ALL mail in voting. Security over convenience. Treat all vote fraud as treason, Federal voting holiday, one day voting, voting ID renewed every two years (not avsilable to anyone receiving any form of government assistance), paper ballots, internet cameras above the counting tables anyone can view from anywhere, ink on the middle finger of either the left or right hand. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 2 points 1 day ago No the constitution says there is an Election Day, and specifies that exact day. That is the issue here. Show me. permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 1 points 23 hours ago Let's use a hypothetical.     If someone a state like West Virginia that voted mostly Republican, but had a Democrat legislature somehow decided to vote Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed?   Are states in any way mandated to vote according to their election results? permalink parent award report block reply 24601 1 points 22 hours ago Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed? It depends on the State's election laws. The State might have a law saying that the Electors MAY follow the popular vote. That would mean that the Electors MAY NOT follow the popular vote. Such law would absolutely be Constitutional and allow the State Legislature to do whatever it wanted.  It should be remembered that States typically did not have the general citizenry in mind when originally drafting the Constitution along with voting for President of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 1 points 22 hours ago Democrat despite the will of their people, is that allowed? It depends on the State's election laws. The State might have a law saying that the Electors MAY follow the popular vote. That would mean that the Electors MAY NOT follow the popular vote. Such law would absolutely be Constitutional and allow the State Legislature to do whatever it wanted.  It should be remembered that States typically did not have the general citizenry in mind when originally drafting the Constitution along with voting for President of the United States. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago That would be my guess. Proper judges hate to overstep their authority and overrule the legislature. Unfortunately only the right appoints judges like this. permalink parent award report block reply
DJT_MFers1 7 points 1 day ago I can understand how states have rights to run their own elections within state and local, but how the hell are they allowed to interfere on a federal level. permalink award report block reply Awakened 5 points 1 day ago And there's this as well 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply VirPopulus 4 points 1 day ago The states created the federal government, so I think that's where the thinking comes from. There should definitely be a unified federal election law for federal elections, though. The cheating states have a criminal advantage federally for now. permalink parent award report block reply DJT_MFers1 2 points 1 day ago Thank you. And I agree permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 5 points 1 day ago And there's this as well 2 U.S. Code § 7 - Time of election The Tuesday next after the 1st Monday in November, in every even numbered year, is established as the day for the election, in each of the States and Territories of the United States, of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress commencing on the 3d day of January next thereafter. permalink parent award report block reply
VirPopulus 4 points 1 day ago The states created the federal government, so I think that's where the thinking comes from. There should definitely be a unified federal election law for federal elections, though. The cheating states have a criminal advantage federally for now. permalink parent award report block reply DJT_MFers1 2 points 1 day ago Thank you. And I agree permalink parent award report block reply
DJT_MFers1 2 points 1 day ago Thank you. And I agree permalink parent award report block reply
Pederella 7 points 1 day ago Will there be oral arguments on this? I didn't see any mention of it in the article. permalink award report block reply UsernameChexOut 8 points 1 day ago "Shiiiiet! Ballots that arrived after Election Day should not be counted. That's just fucking common sense! Thanks!" There, I made the oral argument. Now let's move on to the easiest verdict in the history of the SCOTUS permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 1 day ago You just know those arguing against are going to say that is racist because their precious pets are stupid. Sorry, disabled. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago But unfortunately common sense isn’t how cases are decided. It’s more like, did the lawmakers intend for this and did they write that down as a law? Yes this totally idiotic thing was the intent of the lawmaker. Dumb thing is legal. permalink parent award report block reply PorchLightOn 1 points 1 day ago There was only a brief mention in the very last sentence; oral arguments haven't been scheduled yet, but will likely happen early in 2026. I'm interested in following those too. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 2 points 1 day ago Thanks, fren. permalink parent award report block reply
UsernameChexOut 8 points 1 day ago "Shiiiiet! Ballots that arrived after Election Day should not be counted. That's just fucking common sense! Thanks!" There, I made the oral argument. Now let's move on to the easiest verdict in the history of the SCOTUS permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 3 points 1 day ago You just know those arguing against are going to say that is racist because their precious pets are stupid. Sorry, disabled. permalink parent award report block reply vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago But unfortunately common sense isn’t how cases are decided. It’s more like, did the lawmakers intend for this and did they write that down as a law? Yes this totally idiotic thing was the intent of the lawmaker. Dumb thing is legal. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 3 points 1 day ago You just know those arguing against are going to say that is racist because their precious pets are stupid. Sorry, disabled. permalink parent award report block reply
vongregormench 2 points 1 day ago But unfortunately common sense isn’t how cases are decided. It’s more like, did the lawmakers intend for this and did they write that down as a law? Yes this totally idiotic thing was the intent of the lawmaker. Dumb thing is legal. permalink parent award report block reply
PorchLightOn 1 points 1 day ago There was only a brief mention in the very last sentence; oral arguments haven't been scheduled yet, but will likely happen early in 2026. I'm interested in following those too. permalink parent award report block reply Pederella 2 points 1 day ago Thanks, fren. permalink parent award report block reply
Pederella 2 points 1 day ago Thanks, fren. permalink parent award report block reply
SaltyKrakenBalls 4 points 1 day ago LORD JESUS GUIDE THOSE RIGHTEOUS ON THE BENCH!!!! permalink award report block reply
DefinitelyNotFed 4 points 1 day ago If the SC rules that mail in ballots can be counted after Election Day then that means Hillary still has a chance to win her 2016 run. Those results would need to be recounted. permalink award report block reply
AbrahamLincoln 4 points 1 day ago Should votes be there before the election ends or are elections indefinite and you can just count forever?  Such a hard question. permalink award report block reply
DefenderDad 4 points 1 day ago If they took yo the case and declared mail in ballots unconstitutional because Congress never passed a measure to allow them at the federal level would be epic permalink award report block reply
MemoryHoleyeO 3 points 24 hours ago Common sense will prevail! Right guys? Right?!?! permalink award report block reply
mohel 3 points 1 day ago Any proclamations on water being wet? Beam me up, Scotty! permalink award report block reply
CaptRied 2 points 1 day ago What is the difference between a mailed ballot being counted that arrived after an election, and an in-person vote being counted if someone tries to cast it after the polls have been closed? They are both late, but begin their journeys before the polls were closed. Are the polls closed or are they not?  If the polls are not going to be closed for the mailed ballot, then they must also not be closed for the in-person ballot. permalink award report block reply
Dev404 2 points 1 day ago Next, let's have the SCOTUS decide how many breaths we're allowed to take in a 24 hour period and how many grams of shit we can pinch off as well. Since we need courts to decide everything, let's get started with the basics. What a retarded country we've become thanks to feminism. permalink award report block reply
SBOJ_JOBS 2 points 1 day ago Clearly, they must arrive on and be counted ON ELECTION DAY in a way that everyone can observe every step. That eliminates vote by mail, of course, as it should. permalink award report block reply
ILoveSilk 2 points 23 hours ago If date stamped on my check to IRS is late, IRS is going to collect interests and impose penalties on me. Funny that they never argued to relax laws that will benefit the thieves (I consider government is a thief). permalink award report block reply
Schroeder09 2 points 22 hours ago The fact that this is a case shows we've already fallen. They'll keep doing insane things that exploit our laws because these are not good faith actors. The founders said our system only works for a moral and just people. These are not moral and just people and they all need thrown in prison or dumped in Uganda. permalink award report block reply
244andcounting 2 points 1 day ago this is a NO BRAINER permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago No Standing! Sit down permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 1 day ago No Standing! Sit down permalink parent award report block reply
SupFrens 2 points 1 day ago SCOTUS better get this one right. permalink award report block reply
bananafone 2 points 1 day ago Where's the betting market on this one? Because I bet they will definitely side on, as long as the ballots are signed for by election day.
Even though there has never been any historical precedent one two voting more than one day let alone by mail permalink award report block reply
OnlyTrump20 1 points 1 day ago The rule now is they have to be postmarked by up to and including election day, so it might take an extra day or more to arrive.    Some people in the military are mailing them from halfway around the world.   Though military should be a separate category for handling mail ballots. permalink award report block reply
Dantalian 1 points 24 hours ago SCOTUS has betrayed America so many times, it's a joke. permalink award report block reply
YodaBannon 1 points 1 day ago not the bee permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 1 points 24 hours ago Common sense just ain't so common. permalink award report block reply
KennyUS 1 points 1 day ago Should 6-3 in favor permalink award report block reply
thisisatestof2 1 points 1 day ago it should be a resounding note. We shall see. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 1 day ago Well is there specific language somewhere stating they have to be tabulated on Election Day? permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 1 points 1 day ago States will ignore it anyway And the courts will say it's ok. It won't matter what scotus says permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 1 day ago Half measures for broken systems Mail in ballots don't need a paint job, they need to be scrapped permalink award report block reply
crimsonfancy 1 points 1 day ago I thought it was supposed to be like this already and absentee votes were for special consideration or for military services that happen to be away from where they're registered. permalink award report block reply
iamimaginos 1 points 23 hours ago Who has standing to even bring this case? permalink award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 1 points 1 day ago TFD permalink award report block reply
PhantomShield72 1 points 1 day ago Supreme Court Takes up Case on Whether Water is Wet. permalink award report block reply
TrumpYouMagaFrenner 1 points 1 day ago No-brainer permalink award report block reply
Frix 1 points 1 day ago Why is this hard? permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 1 day ago Ready for Amy Dumbfuck to side with her Haitian ancestors permalink award report block reply