330 So the j6 bomber has been identified. She was a capitol police and now works in CIA. What a coincidence. Where the hell is kash Patel? posted 4 days ago by diestanding 22 comments award share report block Useless fucks
22 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Taylor3006 9 points 4 days ago He is checking with his Israeli handler to see what to do next. permalink award report block reply OnlyTrump20 8 points 4 days ago Aren't the papers on Pam Blondi's desk?  She out now for her bleaching appointment.   Did we have enough angry tweets yet? permalink award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 6 points 4 days ago He's in Chyna. permalink award report block reply Deplora 4 points 4 days ago The J6 pipe bomb dropper has not been identified.  There's a rumor going around the clickbaiters' circle jerk claiming the person has been identified.  Big difference. permalink award report block reply diestanding OP 4 points 4 days ago Evidence is pretty compelling looking at videos of how they both walk permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 4 days ago Not really.  Takes a lot more than "looking at".  The rumor mill claims that an advanced AI-type analytic tool pegged the chance of this being the right ID at 94%.  Even if that's true, I'd like to know a bit more about the track record of that tool.  Seems like a US Capitol Police Officer with several years of experience would be aware of the existence of such a tool, and consciously try to circumvent it.  I can guarantee it's circumventable by somebody making a conscious effort. I hope they have, or soon will, correctly ID the person seen placing the pipe bomb.  Just wary of clickbaity "bombshells" on this kind of topic. permalink parent award report block reply okboomer59 1 points 4 days ago https://x.com/SteveBakerUSA/status/1986553903555748088 permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 4 days ago Let's say this was the person who set the pipe bombs the night before.  Can we get an explanation for the 60 minute egg timer? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 4 days ago Pretty sure that's a generic kitchen timer, not an "egg" timer.  But it's sure not very high-tech. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... NeverInterruptEnemy -1 points 4 days ago lol, fucking retard shit. Let me get this right… “I work for capitol police, I’m going to plant a fake bomb, I’m going to disguise my identity… and I’m going to walk entirely normal because I have never heard of gait detection” OK. Not even getting into some other retard just says is a 94% match, because you know, they downloaded Adobe Gait Detection Pro… right? Fuuuuuck you clowns. permalink parent award report block reply 1st_Covfefe 2 points 4 days ago Smoke out the shit bird rats. permalink award report block reply Dmajallen 2 points 4 days ago Where is the cia director? permalink award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 4 days ago John ratcliff? permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 0 points 4 days ago Alex Jones is saying he's compromised, and a source claims that Kash lives with a gay billionaire in Vegas and his lady is a beard. permalink award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 4 days ago He is busy kissing Bondi's and Suzie Wiles butts permalink award report block reply keeman -1 points 4 days ago Kash is busying himself partying and arresting sportsball players for stupid bullshit the fegdov has no legitimate business in. permalink award report block reply HoodooOperator 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Taylor3006 9 points 4 days ago He is checking with his Israeli handler to see what to do next. permalink award report block reply
OnlyTrump20 8 points 4 days ago Aren't the papers on Pam Blondi's desk?  She out now for her bleaching appointment.   Did we have enough angry tweets yet? permalink award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 6 points 4 days ago He's in Chyna. permalink award report block reply
Deplora 4 points 4 days ago The J6 pipe bomb dropper has not been identified.  There's a rumor going around the clickbaiters' circle jerk claiming the person has been identified.  Big difference. permalink award report block reply diestanding OP 4 points 4 days ago Evidence is pretty compelling looking at videos of how they both walk permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 4 days ago Not really.  Takes a lot more than "looking at".  The rumor mill claims that an advanced AI-type analytic tool pegged the chance of this being the right ID at 94%.  Even if that's true, I'd like to know a bit more about the track record of that tool.  Seems like a US Capitol Police Officer with several years of experience would be aware of the existence of such a tool, and consciously try to circumvent it.  I can guarantee it's circumventable by somebody making a conscious effort. I hope they have, or soon will, correctly ID the person seen placing the pipe bomb.  Just wary of clickbaity "bombshells" on this kind of topic. permalink parent award report block reply okboomer59 1 points 4 days ago https://x.com/SteveBakerUSA/status/1986553903555748088 permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 4 days ago Let's say this was the person who set the pipe bombs the night before.  Can we get an explanation for the 60 minute egg timer? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 4 days ago Pretty sure that's a generic kitchen timer, not an "egg" timer.  But it's sure not very high-tech. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... NeverInterruptEnemy -1 points 4 days ago lol, fucking retard shit. Let me get this right… “I work for capitol police, I’m going to plant a fake bomb, I’m going to disguise my identity… and I’m going to walk entirely normal because I have never heard of gait detection” OK. Not even getting into some other retard just says is a 94% match, because you know, they downloaded Adobe Gait Detection Pro… right? Fuuuuuck you clowns. permalink parent award report block reply
diestanding OP 4 points 4 days ago Evidence is pretty compelling looking at videos of how they both walk permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 0 points 4 days ago Not really.  Takes a lot more than "looking at".  The rumor mill claims that an advanced AI-type analytic tool pegged the chance of this being the right ID at 94%.  Even if that's true, I'd like to know a bit more about the track record of that tool.  Seems like a US Capitol Police Officer with several years of experience would be aware of the existence of such a tool, and consciously try to circumvent it.  I can guarantee it's circumventable by somebody making a conscious effort. I hope they have, or soon will, correctly ID the person seen placing the pipe bomb.  Just wary of clickbaity "bombshells" on this kind of topic. permalink parent award report block reply okboomer59 1 points 4 days ago https://x.com/SteveBakerUSA/status/1986553903555748088 permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 4 days ago Let's say this was the person who set the pipe bombs the night before.  Can we get an explanation for the 60 minute egg timer? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 4 days ago Pretty sure that's a generic kitchen timer, not an "egg" timer.  But it's sure not very high-tech. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... NeverInterruptEnemy -1 points 4 days ago lol, fucking retard shit. Let me get this right… “I work for capitol police, I’m going to plant a fake bomb, I’m going to disguise my identity… and I’m going to walk entirely normal because I have never heard of gait detection” OK. Not even getting into some other retard just says is a 94% match, because you know, they downloaded Adobe Gait Detection Pro… right? Fuuuuuck you clowns. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplora 0 points 4 days ago Not really.  Takes a lot more than "looking at".  The rumor mill claims that an advanced AI-type analytic tool pegged the chance of this being the right ID at 94%.  Even if that's true, I'd like to know a bit more about the track record of that tool.  Seems like a US Capitol Police Officer with several years of experience would be aware of the existence of such a tool, and consciously try to circumvent it.  I can guarantee it's circumventable by somebody making a conscious effort. I hope they have, or soon will, correctly ID the person seen placing the pipe bomb.  Just wary of clickbaity "bombshells" on this kind of topic. permalink parent award report block reply okboomer59 1 points 4 days ago https://x.com/SteveBakerUSA/status/1986553903555748088 permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 1 points 4 days ago Let's say this was the person who set the pipe bombs the night before.  Can we get an explanation for the 60 minute egg timer? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 4 days ago Pretty sure that's a generic kitchen timer, not an "egg" timer.  But it's sure not very high-tech. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
okboomer59 1 points 4 days ago https://x.com/SteveBakerUSA/status/1986553903555748088 permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 1 points 4 days ago Let's say this was the person who set the pipe bombs the night before.  Can we get an explanation for the 60 minute egg timer? permalink parent award report block reply Deplora 2 points 4 days ago Pretty sure that's a generic kitchen timer, not an "egg" timer.  But it's sure not very high-tech. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
Deplora 2 points 4 days ago Pretty sure that's a generic kitchen timer, not an "egg" timer.  But it's sure not very high-tech. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
NeverInterruptEnemy -1 points 4 days ago lol, fucking retard shit. Let me get this right… “I work for capitol police, I’m going to plant a fake bomb, I’m going to disguise my identity… and I’m going to walk entirely normal because I have never heard of gait detection” OK. Not even getting into some other retard just says is a 94% match, because you know, they downloaded Adobe Gait Detection Pro… right? Fuuuuuck you clowns. permalink parent award report block reply
1st_Covfefe 2 points 4 days ago Smoke out the shit bird rats. permalink award report block reply
Dmajallen 2 points 4 days ago Where is the cia director? permalink award report block reply sixfingerdildo 1 points 4 days ago John ratcliff? permalink parent award report block reply
sixfingerdildo 1 points 4 days ago John ratcliff? permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 0 points 4 days ago Alex Jones is saying he's compromised, and a source claims that Kash lives with a gay billionaire in Vegas and his lady is a beard. permalink award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 0 points 4 days ago He is busy kissing Bondi's and Suzie Wiles butts permalink award report block reply
keeman -1 points 4 days ago Kash is busying himself partying and arresting sportsball players for stupid bullshit the fegdov has no legitimate business in. permalink award report block reply
HoodooOperator 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply