880 REP. CROCKETT: "One of the reasons people haven't been flying planes into buildings in the United States it's because of our soft power."
She says sending terrorists medication was "helping keep us safe." posted 19 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 115 comments award share report block Breaking911 @Breaking911 • 19h REP. CROCKETT: "One of the reasons people haven't been flying planes into buildings in the United States it's because of our soft power." She says sending terrorists medication was "helping keep us safe."
115 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Easzq8 80 points 19 hours ago She’s never read Jefferson’s letter to the Barbary Pirates permalink award report block reply Trumportellagain 78 points 19 hours ago Muslims have been our enemies since our country began. They really fail our kids in public school by not teaching this. permalink parent award report block reply Easzq8 62 points 19 hours ago They have been the enemy of Mankind since the time of their pedophile, mass murdering prophet. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 7 points 14 hours ago This guy is making a very good argument that he never even existed. https://youtu.be/wy_iD6Lf6MY?si=RVOmVvAE6DsJ9mjP permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 4 points 10 hours ago He probably did exist, but not in the way he's portrayed. Lots of historical figures, not just religious ones, have their life stories "touched up" to suit modern audiences. permalink parent award report block reply Liars-Burn-In-Hell 6 points 14 hours ago They also fail to teach our kids that Islam is the broom of israel. https://api.bitchute.com/video/4B8N0MhegDuy/ permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 43 points 19 hours ago She’s never read Jefferson’s letter to the Barbary Pirates Ftfy permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 10 points 15 hours ago But she did change her weave. Isn't it funny how when her hair style changed her ghetto ass code-switching dried up? 🤔 Funny how that works. permalink parent award report block reply Helly 3 points 11 hours ago You can just say shes never read permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 3 points 11 hours ago Can the bitch read? permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 51 points 19 hours ago I don't speak jive. permalink award report block reply MrJohnnyD2078 11 points 17 hours ago I do! Fucking "Leave it to Beaver's Mom", June Cleaver (Barbara  Billingsley)! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 15 hours ago name checks out permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 43 points 19 hours ago Somebody tell Texas to take their idiot back. The reason you don’t see aircraft being crashed into building is they armored the cockpits and armed some of the pilots.  A 9/11 style hijacking might get ugly in the back, but that plane is landing at an airport permalink award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 57 points 19 hours ago The reason planes aren’t crashing into buildings (right now) is because the US govt doesn’t want them to (right now). permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 27 points 19 hours ago They also barely need to even manufacture consent anymore, they just do whatever they want with impunity. Also I was told the Patriot Act and being fondled by an angry black woman at the airport is why we haven't had another 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 9 points 17 hours ago Being molested at the airport is how you know you living in the land of freedom, sir! How dare you not wanting to be molested! permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 8 points 18 hours ago lol. Yes, also true. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago I enjoy the tsa pat down. I make aggressive eye contact and breathe heavily. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 9 points 19 hours ago Biiiinnnnngooo! 911 the dominos were set up by Billy Boy. We knew what they were planning. I'm almost sure we had a hand in it. A Trojan horse we knew had men inside. It gave them a reason to fund the MIC and get rich off it. It also allowed them to grab more power off the american people. permalink parent award report block reply brimshae 11 points 18 hours ago Hey, remember when we kept getting told we had to get our sons killed because "If we fight them over there we don't have to fight them over here?" Now they're being let in to take over. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago There is literally truth in that, kinda like a satanic contract. We fought them.over there, the region became chaotic, their citizens spread across the world as refugees, increased in numbers, and now are competing for political power. They met with no real resistance, so we didnt have to fight them over here. Nowhere did they promise that our culture would survive. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 13 hours ago Well,  we aren’t fighting them here because we surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 14 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 11 points 19 hours ago They also have plain clothes armed LEOs blending in on flights now in case such an event occurs. I put in for the gig once. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 9 points 19 hours ago She’s from St Louis.  Missouri should have kept her.  From everything. permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 2 points 15 hours ago Reminds me of the Family Guy skit where terrorists attacked St. Louis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuMZcsmkSe8 permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago Terrorists attacking st Louis would be like godzilla attacking Haiti https://youtu.be/xBkGbMlXw0M?si=tI3h6KwYJxrfKPb- permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 7 points 19 hours ago That and all passengers know that the ransom-money-and-parachute ending isn't coming back, so its better to die rushing the snackbar than waiting to see what happens. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 2 points 15 hours ago Lol. Still waiting for all the rest of the footage from the Pentagon to clear up what really hit it. PS - it wasn't a plane. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... IncredibleMrE1 31 points 19 hours ago Yaaasssss gurl slay kween, speak dat troof. 💅🏿 Also, why is the podcaster's logo a BLM fist holding a white dildo? permalink award report block reply Filo76 8 points 18 hours ago I had to take a closer look.  It's a microphone. But it sure looks like a dildo, doesn't it?  KEK permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 3 points 19 hours ago Everyone knows white meat tastes clean. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 9 hours ago You could have a lot of fun shopping the vids permalink parent award report block reply jcd_007 15 points 19 hours ago There isn’t an intelligent thought in her mind. permalink award report block reply Ricky_CIA 14 points 19 hours ago Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittt... permalink award report block reply barwhack 13 points 19 hours ago So she's a crockett of shit... permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 8 points 19 hours ago Slavey Crockoshit permalink parent award report block reply elmerecido 9 points 19 hours ago She's so bloody stupid, she makes AOC seem smart. permalink award report block reply Filo76 11 points 18 hours ago AOC/Crockett 2028! permalink parent award report block reply Quietam_Unum 2 points 11 hours ago Proud wymyn of color! permalink parent award report block reply Trump454748 8 points 19 hours ago If you look up moron in the dictionary, you find her picture. permalink award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 8 points 19 hours ago One look at that thumbnail and I'm not playing the video, hard pass. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 7 points 19 hours ago How about we just kill them instead permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 6 points 18 hours ago Paying people not to kill you isn't power, soft or otherwise. permalink award report block reply Filo76 4 points 18 hours ago That's called tribute.  It's what conquered and/or weak nations pay more powerful nations so they aren't mercilessly slaughtered. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 10 hours ago Britons did it to Vikings...the Danegeld.  Pay and we don't burn your towns. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 6 points 19 hours ago Maybe because modern leftist DEI pilots can’t hit a runway much less a building. permalink award report block reply wartooth6 5 points 18 hours ago Medicated Terrorists.  Sounds like a band name permalink award report block reply TheBasedFriscoMan 5 points 18 hours ago What the fuck did I just watch??? permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 19 hours ago My what a low IQ you have, dear. permalink award report block reply Papabravo12 5 points 18 hours ago What the fuck permalink award report block reply fskfsk 4 points 19 hours ago The reason Muslims stopped major terrorism is they realized Great Replacement is a winning strategy for them.  The last thing they want to do is wake up the sheep before they get genocided. permalink award report block reply PissJuggernaut 4 points 19 hours ago Shut up and pull out those tits permalink award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 4 points 18 hours ago Blacks should give gifts to white supremacist organisations, it's a very smart and pragmatic thing for them to do.  Give 2 million in funding to Patriot Front and KKK.  It's the smart and kind thing to do because it is pragmatic and diplomatic. Fuckin bitch. permalink award report block reply Stoya9186 3 points 18 hours ago This level of stupidity would be a lot less common if it were painful. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 3 points 18 hours ago Don't accept mediocrity. Hold your politicians accountable to your standards. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 18 hours ago Damn she's retarded. Why isn't she in prison? permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 19 hours ago I don't understand what she's saying but I think she's bitching about USAID cuts and all the freedom NGOs had is now attacked. permalink award report block reply orcwordlaugh 3 points 18 hours ago That sounds like extorsion to me. "Supply the Muslims with super cheap medicine or they start flying planes into buildings" permalink award report block reply Justlooking250 3 points 19 hours ago Let's be clear: you're a clown world moron 🤡🌎🤤 permalink award report block reply PapaPepe 2 points 19 hours ago THERE IS NO CURE FOR ISLAM permalink award report block reply EdBuck 2 points 19 hours ago Isn't that extortion permalink award report block reply sordfysh PRO 2 points 18 hours ago It is preposterous that she held a meeting between the head of Al Qaida in Syria and a US military leader in 2025. Who is letting the terrorists into the US? Is it the CIA again? permalink award report block reply Badfinz_FL 2 points 13 hours ago Just when I think a person can no longer be more retarded than they are along comes Jasmin permalink award report block reply Smurfection 2 points 16 hours ago They aren't crashing planes into our buildings because Saddam Hussein was pulled out of rat hole and hanged by the neck and his country of Iraq was plunged into a brutal civil war with Iran offering an assist to make it more brutal.  On top of that, Osama bin Laden got killed in his abbottobad complex and lived the last years of his life cowering with women and children.  Syria got torn apart twice now.  Libya is a freaking basket case and Guadaffy got gun raped in the streets before Libyans tore him apart limb from limb. Anyone with the ability to put another suicide airplane ride in the USA is going to meet the same fate. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 16 hours ago I'm done with these people. Rig the elections, conservatives. Get these people out permalink award report block reply Buff_cousin_Elroy 2 points 15 hours ago Stupid as fuck african shit-apes permalink award report block reply SuperUser 2 points 14 hours ago Shieeet permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 2 points 18 hours ago She crazy in da hed permalink award report block reply journalist 2 points 17 hours ago Black women’s power of stupidity never ceases to amaze. permalink award report block reply FBIsurveillance 2 points 18 hours ago so extortion? permalink award report block reply CatalystForChange 2 points 19 hours ago Is she desperately trying to prove Trump's claim that she is a low IQ person? permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 19 hours ago Proven!! permalink parent award report block reply atomisten 1 points 15 hours ago she speaks like a low IQ gangster-wannabe permalink award report block reply fazaman 1 points 11 hours ago Why am I not surprised by the Marxist fist in the background? permalink award report block reply Grond999 1 points 16 hours ago 9/11 was an inside job. Geesh...J6 was too. permalink award report block reply America_No_1 1 points 16 hours ago They are just now into Ron Paul ideas? permalink award report block reply someguy7738 1 points 6 hours ago The real reason no one is flying planes into buildings in the USA is that the CIA does not currently have a use for such an event. permalink award report block reply CoronaChan 1 points 13 hours ago Or we can send the requests some beepers. permalink award report block reply Electrify928 1 points 7 hours ago That sounds like extortion. permalink award report block reply Checkmate6Romeo 1 points 17 hours ago But why is there a fist holding a dildo in background? permalink award report block reply TNgirl4Trump 1 points 11 hours ago I never understand what she is talking about. permalink award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 17 hours ago The stupidity of these animals continues to amaze me. permalink award report block reply ancroidubh 1 points 12 hours ago I think the terrorists are afraid of widespread cases of “the shock wave shits”. permalink award report block reply mass55th 1 points 19 hours ago She deals drugs to terrorists? permalink award report block reply UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 16 hours ago Dog whistle? permalink award report block reply sovereign 1 points 11 hours ago That must be the most objectively cuckiest thing I’ve heard all year. permalink award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 14 hours ago Am I hallucinating? Is she actually arguing that we should pay higher drug prices than Europe does so that Al Qaeda doesn't attack us again? Truly this is the apex of the competency crisis where in Big Pharma can't even get a cogent shill. And then the best part is how self-satisfied she looks at the end, she thinking, "Checkmate!" permalink award report block reply Tookens 1 points 16 hours ago We're doomed. permalink award report block reply cjcivicx 1 points 17 hours ago And yet no one is removing her from her seat... permalink award report block reply jermzdeejd 1 points 10 hours ago Is she coming up with this or is someone telling her to say this? permalink award report block reply OZJRant 1 points 16 hours ago Retard alert ! permalink award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 17 hours ago Ooh boy. That is one dumb bitch, and I am trying to be nice about it. permalink award report block reply Pofus_Poopants 1 points 9 hours ago Connecting the most distant dots. Otherwise known as Ghetto Logic. permalink award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 19 hours ago South Dallas elected her, and she represents them well. permalink award report block reply Shaffro 1 points 14 hours ago She is in competition for stupid with AOC. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 1 points 14 hours ago Dumb ass sheboon. permalink award report block reply DJT4MoreYears 1 points 13 hours ago This fat ugly bitch needs to be preparing for her criminal trial...not talking BS on talk shows pretending she's not in deep deep shit trouble. permalink award report block reply Liberats 1 points 10 hours ago That's a comment I expect to hear from the pig shit thick end of society. permalink award report block reply Jack_HinsonTN 1 points 8 hours ago "We never pay anyone Dane-geld, no matter how trifling the cost. For the end of that game is oppression and shame, and the nation that plays it is lost!" -Rudyard Kipling, Dane-Geld permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 11 hours ago Stupid bitch! permalink award report block reply geekesmind 1 points 11 hours ago Does she not realize that if that happened under Trump's watch that the country the terrorists came from would be turned into GLASS. permalink award report block reply Snek_Plissken 1 points 17 hours ago All of my enemies avoid me because I'm batshit crazy. On the crazy hot matrix I exceed the no go zone. That's why people leave me alone. permalink award report block reply GnuYow 1 points 11 hours ago Every time I think she might just be pretending to be stupid, to gain support from stupid people... permalink award report block reply PMSocks 1 points 9 hours ago These are people that fuck donkeys and goats on a cliff side so they push back. I doubt they care where their medicine comes from. permalink award report block reply jhewish 1 points 12 hours ago Got to love the hilarious hyper intelligent black podcaster that looks like a fucking cartoon character sitting next to her. "I be Jamal and dis my podcast yall. Yall i be having jasmin croket on ma sho today yall. Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeuhhhhhhhhhhhh" permalink award report block reply TooBright 1 points 13 hours ago Why would she bring up sep 11 right after Mamdani? Just more salt in the wound? permalink award report block reply RolandDelacroix 1 points 8 hours ago What she means is, giving them access to porn and meds will drop their Testosterone just like it does to our men in the west. It's becoming apparent that the West has morphed into a hostile Matriarchy that gelds any opposition before it can begin. permalink award report block reply tholinz 1 points 12 hours ago There is only one way to deal with Islamic extremists, and even the caliphates knew it. Purge and burn. permalink award report block reply The_Yakuza 2 points 19 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 80 points 19 hours ago She’s never read Jefferson’s letter to the Barbary Pirates permalink award report block reply Trumportellagain 78 points 19 hours ago Muslims have been our enemies since our country began. They really fail our kids in public school by not teaching this. permalink parent award report block reply Easzq8 62 points 19 hours ago They have been the enemy of Mankind since the time of their pedophile, mass murdering prophet. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 7 points 14 hours ago This guy is making a very good argument that he never even existed. https://youtu.be/wy_iD6Lf6MY?si=RVOmVvAE6DsJ9mjP permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 4 points 10 hours ago He probably did exist, but not in the way he's portrayed. Lots of historical figures, not just religious ones, have their life stories "touched up" to suit modern audiences. permalink parent award report block reply Liars-Burn-In-Hell 6 points 14 hours ago They also fail to teach our kids that Islam is the broom of israel. https://api.bitchute.com/video/4B8N0MhegDuy/ permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 43 points 19 hours ago She’s never read Jefferson’s letter to the Barbary Pirates Ftfy permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 10 points 15 hours ago But she did change her weave. Isn't it funny how when her hair style changed her ghetto ass code-switching dried up? 🤔 Funny how that works. permalink parent award report block reply Helly 3 points 11 hours ago You can just say shes never read permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 3 points 11 hours ago Can the bitch read? permalink parent award report block reply
Trumportellagain 78 points 19 hours ago Muslims have been our enemies since our country began. They really fail our kids in public school by not teaching this. permalink parent award report block reply Easzq8 62 points 19 hours ago They have been the enemy of Mankind since the time of their pedophile, mass murdering prophet. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 7 points 14 hours ago This guy is making a very good argument that he never even existed. https://youtu.be/wy_iD6Lf6MY?si=RVOmVvAE6DsJ9mjP permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 4 points 10 hours ago He probably did exist, but not in the way he's portrayed. Lots of historical figures, not just religious ones, have their life stories "touched up" to suit modern audiences. permalink parent award report block reply Liars-Burn-In-Hell 6 points 14 hours ago They also fail to teach our kids that Islam is the broom of israel. https://api.bitchute.com/video/4B8N0MhegDuy/ permalink parent award report block reply
Easzq8 62 points 19 hours ago They have been the enemy of Mankind since the time of their pedophile, mass murdering prophet. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 7 points 14 hours ago This guy is making a very good argument that he never even existed. https://youtu.be/wy_iD6Lf6MY?si=RVOmVvAE6DsJ9mjP permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 4 points 10 hours ago He probably did exist, but not in the way he's portrayed. Lots of historical figures, not just religious ones, have their life stories "touched up" to suit modern audiences. permalink parent award report block reply
lispboy 7 points 14 hours ago This guy is making a very good argument that he never even existed. https://youtu.be/wy_iD6Lf6MY?si=RVOmVvAE6DsJ9mjP permalink parent award report block reply TGNX 4 points 10 hours ago He probably did exist, but not in the way he's portrayed. Lots of historical figures, not just religious ones, have their life stories "touched up" to suit modern audiences. permalink parent award report block reply
TGNX 4 points 10 hours ago He probably did exist, but not in the way he's portrayed. Lots of historical figures, not just religious ones, have their life stories "touched up" to suit modern audiences. permalink parent award report block reply
Liars-Burn-In-Hell 6 points 14 hours ago They also fail to teach our kids that Islam is the broom of israel. https://api.bitchute.com/video/4B8N0MhegDuy/ permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 43 points 19 hours ago She’s never read Jefferson’s letter to the Barbary Pirates Ftfy permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 10 points 15 hours ago But she did change her weave. Isn't it funny how when her hair style changed her ghetto ass code-switching dried up? 🤔 Funny how that works. permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 10 points 15 hours ago But she did change her weave. Isn't it funny how when her hair style changed her ghetto ass code-switching dried up? 🤔 Funny how that works. permalink parent award report block reply
Helly 3 points 11 hours ago You can just say shes never read permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 3 points 11 hours ago Can the bitch read? permalink parent award report block reply
BarrysOFace 51 points 19 hours ago I don't speak jive. permalink award report block reply MrJohnnyD2078 11 points 17 hours ago I do! Fucking "Leave it to Beaver's Mom", June Cleaver (Barbara  Billingsley)! permalink parent award report block reply yukondave 1 points 15 hours ago name checks out permalink parent award report block reply
MrJohnnyD2078 11 points 17 hours ago I do! Fucking "Leave it to Beaver's Mom", June Cleaver (Barbara  Billingsley)! permalink parent award report block reply
yukondave 1 points 15 hours ago name checks out permalink parent award report block reply
Induceddrag 43 points 19 hours ago Somebody tell Texas to take their idiot back. The reason you don’t see aircraft being crashed into building is they armored the cockpits and armed some of the pilots.  A 9/11 style hijacking might get ugly in the back, but that plane is landing at an airport permalink award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 57 points 19 hours ago The reason planes aren’t crashing into buildings (right now) is because the US govt doesn’t want them to (right now). permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 27 points 19 hours ago They also barely need to even manufacture consent anymore, they just do whatever they want with impunity. Also I was told the Patriot Act and being fondled by an angry black woman at the airport is why we haven't had another 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 9 points 17 hours ago Being molested at the airport is how you know you living in the land of freedom, sir! How dare you not wanting to be molested! permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 8 points 18 hours ago lol. Yes, also true. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago I enjoy the tsa pat down. I make aggressive eye contact and breathe heavily. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 9 points 19 hours ago Biiiinnnnngooo! 911 the dominos were set up by Billy Boy. We knew what they were planning. I'm almost sure we had a hand in it. A Trojan horse we knew had men inside. It gave them a reason to fund the MIC and get rich off it. It also allowed them to grab more power off the american people. permalink parent award report block reply brimshae 11 points 18 hours ago Hey, remember when we kept getting told we had to get our sons killed because "If we fight them over there we don't have to fight them over here?" Now they're being let in to take over. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago There is literally truth in that, kinda like a satanic contract. We fought them.over there, the region became chaotic, their citizens spread across the world as refugees, increased in numbers, and now are competing for political power. They met with no real resistance, so we didnt have to fight them over here. Nowhere did they promise that our culture would survive. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 13 hours ago Well,  we aren’t fighting them here because we surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 14 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply Gfloydvotestrump 11 points 19 hours ago They also have plain clothes armed LEOs blending in on flights now in case such an event occurs. I put in for the gig once. permalink parent award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 9 points 19 hours ago She’s from St Louis.  Missouri should have kept her.  From everything. permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 2 points 15 hours ago Reminds me of the Family Guy skit where terrorists attacked St. Louis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuMZcsmkSe8 permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago Terrorists attacking st Louis would be like godzilla attacking Haiti https://youtu.be/xBkGbMlXw0M?si=tI3h6KwYJxrfKPb- permalink parent award report block reply ParticleCannon 7 points 19 hours ago That and all passengers know that the ransom-money-and-parachute ending isn't coming back, so its better to die rushing the snackbar than waiting to see what happens. permalink parent award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 2 points 15 hours ago Lol. Still waiting for all the rest of the footage from the Pentagon to clear up what really hit it. PS - it wasn't a plane. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
B-2StealthTrump 57 points 19 hours ago The reason planes aren’t crashing into buildings (right now) is because the US govt doesn’t want them to (right now). permalink parent award report block reply YouEssAye 27 points 19 hours ago They also barely need to even manufacture consent anymore, they just do whatever they want with impunity. Also I was told the Patriot Act and being fondled by an angry black woman at the airport is why we haven't had another 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 9 points 17 hours ago Being molested at the airport is how you know you living in the land of freedom, sir! How dare you not wanting to be molested! permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 8 points 18 hours ago lol. Yes, also true. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago I enjoy the tsa pat down. I make aggressive eye contact and breathe heavily. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 9 points 19 hours ago Biiiinnnnngooo! 911 the dominos were set up by Billy Boy. We knew what they were planning. I'm almost sure we had a hand in it. A Trojan horse we knew had men inside. It gave them a reason to fund the MIC and get rich off it. It also allowed them to grab more power off the american people. permalink parent award report block reply brimshae 11 points 18 hours ago Hey, remember when we kept getting told we had to get our sons killed because "If we fight them over there we don't have to fight them over here?" Now they're being let in to take over. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago There is literally truth in that, kinda like a satanic contract. We fought them.over there, the region became chaotic, their citizens spread across the world as refugees, increased in numbers, and now are competing for political power. They met with no real resistance, so we didnt have to fight them over here. Nowhere did they promise that our culture would survive. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 13 hours ago Well,  we aren’t fighting them here because we surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 14 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
YouEssAye 27 points 19 hours ago They also barely need to even manufacture consent anymore, they just do whatever they want with impunity. Also I was told the Patriot Act and being fondled by an angry black woman at the airport is why we haven't had another 9/11. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 9 points 17 hours ago Being molested at the airport is how you know you living in the land of freedom, sir! How dare you not wanting to be molested! permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 8 points 18 hours ago lol. Yes, also true. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago I enjoy the tsa pat down. I make aggressive eye contact and breathe heavily. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 9 points 17 hours ago Being molested at the airport is how you know you living in the land of freedom, sir! How dare you not wanting to be molested! permalink parent award report block reply
B-2StealthTrump 8 points 18 hours ago lol. Yes, also true. permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago I enjoy the tsa pat down. I make aggressive eye contact and breathe heavily. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 9 points 19 hours ago Biiiinnnnngooo! 911 the dominos were set up by Billy Boy. We knew what they were planning. I'm almost sure we had a hand in it. A Trojan horse we knew had men inside. It gave them a reason to fund the MIC and get rich off it. It also allowed them to grab more power off the american people. permalink parent award report block reply brimshae 11 points 18 hours ago Hey, remember when we kept getting told we had to get our sons killed because "If we fight them over there we don't have to fight them over here?" Now they're being let in to take over. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago There is literally truth in that, kinda like a satanic contract. We fought them.over there, the region became chaotic, their citizens spread across the world as refugees, increased in numbers, and now are competing for political power. They met with no real resistance, so we didnt have to fight them over here. Nowhere did they promise that our culture would survive. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 13 hours ago Well,  we aren’t fighting them here because we surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply
brimshae 11 points 18 hours ago Hey, remember when we kept getting told we had to get our sons killed because "If we fight them over there we don't have to fight them over here?" Now they're being let in to take over. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago There is literally truth in that, kinda like a satanic contract. We fought them.over there, the region became chaotic, their citizens spread across the world as refugees, increased in numbers, and now are competing for political power. They met with no real resistance, so we didnt have to fight them over here. Nowhere did they promise that our culture would survive. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 13 hours ago Well,  we aren’t fighting them here because we surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 3 points 9 hours ago There is literally truth in that, kinda like a satanic contract. We fought them.over there, the region became chaotic, their citizens spread across the world as refugees, increased in numbers, and now are competing for political power. They met with no real resistance, so we didnt have to fight them over here. Nowhere did they promise that our culture would survive. permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 1 points 13 hours ago Well,  we aren’t fighting them here because we surrendered. permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 3 points 14 hours ago This guy gets it. permalink parent award report block reply
Gfloydvotestrump 11 points 19 hours ago They also have plain clothes armed LEOs blending in on flights now in case such an event occurs. I put in for the gig once. permalink parent award report block reply
COLDWARPATRIOT55 9 points 19 hours ago She’s from St Louis.  Missouri should have kept her.  From everything. permalink parent award report block reply MaoHadOnly1Testicle 2 points 15 hours ago Reminds me of the Family Guy skit where terrorists attacked St. Louis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuMZcsmkSe8 permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago Terrorists attacking st Louis would be like godzilla attacking Haiti https://youtu.be/xBkGbMlXw0M?si=tI3h6KwYJxrfKPb- permalink parent award report block reply
MaoHadOnly1Testicle 2 points 15 hours ago Reminds me of the Family Guy skit where terrorists attacked St. Louis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuMZcsmkSe8 permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago Terrorists attacking st Louis would be like godzilla attacking Haiti https://youtu.be/xBkGbMlXw0M?si=tI3h6KwYJxrfKPb- permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 2 points 9 hours ago Terrorists attacking st Louis would be like godzilla attacking Haiti https://youtu.be/xBkGbMlXw0M?si=tI3h6KwYJxrfKPb- permalink parent award report block reply
ParticleCannon 7 points 19 hours ago That and all passengers know that the ransom-money-and-parachute ending isn't coming back, so its better to die rushing the snackbar than waiting to see what happens. permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 2 points 15 hours ago Lol. Still waiting for all the rest of the footage from the Pentagon to clear up what really hit it. PS - it wasn't a plane. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 31 points 19 hours ago Yaaasssss gurl slay kween, speak dat troof. 💅🏿 Also, why is the podcaster's logo a BLM fist holding a white dildo? permalink award report block reply Filo76 8 points 18 hours ago I had to take a closer look.  It's a microphone. But it sure looks like a dildo, doesn't it?  KEK permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 3 points 19 hours ago Everyone knows white meat tastes clean. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 9 hours ago You could have a lot of fun shopping the vids permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 8 points 18 hours ago I had to take a closer look.  It's a microphone. But it sure looks like a dildo, doesn't it?  KEK permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 3 points 19 hours ago Everyone knows white meat tastes clean. permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 1 points 9 hours ago You could have a lot of fun shopping the vids permalink parent award report block reply
jcd_007 15 points 19 hours ago There isn’t an intelligent thought in her mind. permalink award report block reply
Ricky_CIA 14 points 19 hours ago Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittt... permalink award report block reply
barwhack 13 points 19 hours ago So she's a crockett of shit... permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 8 points 19 hours ago Slavey Crockoshit permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 8 points 19 hours ago Slavey Crockoshit permalink parent award report block reply
elmerecido 9 points 19 hours ago She's so bloody stupid, she makes AOC seem smart. permalink award report block reply Filo76 11 points 18 hours ago AOC/Crockett 2028! permalink parent award report block reply Quietam_Unum 2 points 11 hours ago Proud wymyn of color! permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 11 points 18 hours ago AOC/Crockett 2028! permalink parent award report block reply Quietam_Unum 2 points 11 hours ago Proud wymyn of color! permalink parent award report block reply
Quietam_Unum 2 points 11 hours ago Proud wymyn of color! permalink parent award report block reply
Trump454748 8 points 19 hours ago If you look up moron in the dictionary, you find her picture. permalink award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 8 points 19 hours ago One look at that thumbnail and I'm not playing the video, hard pass. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 7 points 19 hours ago How about we just kill them instead permalink award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 6 points 18 hours ago Paying people not to kill you isn't power, soft or otherwise. permalink award report block reply Filo76 4 points 18 hours ago That's called tribute.  It's what conquered and/or weak nations pay more powerful nations so they aren't mercilessly slaughtered. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 10 hours ago Britons did it to Vikings...the Danegeld.  Pay and we don't burn your towns. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 4 points 18 hours ago That's called tribute.  It's what conquered and/or weak nations pay more powerful nations so they aren't mercilessly slaughtered. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 10 hours ago Britons did it to Vikings...the Danegeld.  Pay and we don't burn your towns. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 2 points 10 hours ago Britons did it to Vikings...the Danegeld.  Pay and we don't burn your towns. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 6 points 19 hours ago Maybe because modern leftist DEI pilots can’t hit a runway much less a building. permalink award report block reply
wartooth6 5 points 18 hours ago Medicated Terrorists.  Sounds like a band name permalink award report block reply
TheBasedFriscoMan 5 points 18 hours ago What the fuck did I just watch??? permalink award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 19 hours ago My what a low IQ you have, dear. permalink award report block reply
Papabravo12 5 points 18 hours ago What the fuck permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 4 points 19 hours ago The reason Muslims stopped major terrorism is they realized Great Replacement is a winning strategy for them.  The last thing they want to do is wake up the sheep before they get genocided. permalink award report block reply
PissJuggernaut 4 points 19 hours ago Shut up and pull out those tits permalink award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 4 points 18 hours ago Blacks should give gifts to white supremacist organisations, it's a very smart and pragmatic thing for them to do.  Give 2 million in funding to Patriot Front and KKK.  It's the smart and kind thing to do because it is pragmatic and diplomatic. Fuckin bitch. permalink award report block reply
Stoya9186 3 points 18 hours ago This level of stupidity would be a lot less common if it were painful. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 3 points 18 hours ago Don't accept mediocrity. Hold your politicians accountable to your standards. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 3 points 18 hours ago Damn she's retarded. Why isn't she in prison? permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 3 points 19 hours ago I don't understand what she's saying but I think she's bitching about USAID cuts and all the freedom NGOs had is now attacked. permalink award report block reply
orcwordlaugh 3 points 18 hours ago That sounds like extorsion to me. "Supply the Muslims with super cheap medicine or they start flying planes into buildings" permalink award report block reply
Justlooking250 3 points 19 hours ago Let's be clear: you're a clown world moron 🤡🌎🤤 permalink award report block reply
PapaPepe 2 points 19 hours ago THERE IS NO CURE FOR ISLAM permalink award report block reply
EdBuck 2 points 19 hours ago Isn't that extortion permalink award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 2 points 18 hours ago It is preposterous that she held a meeting between the head of Al Qaida in Syria and a US military leader in 2025. Who is letting the terrorists into the US? Is it the CIA again? permalink award report block reply
Badfinz_FL 2 points 13 hours ago Just when I think a person can no longer be more retarded than they are along comes Jasmin permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 2 points 16 hours ago They aren't crashing planes into our buildings because Saddam Hussein was pulled out of rat hole and hanged by the neck and his country of Iraq was plunged into a brutal civil war with Iran offering an assist to make it more brutal.  On top of that, Osama bin Laden got killed in his abbottobad complex and lived the last years of his life cowering with women and children.  Syria got torn apart twice now.  Libya is a freaking basket case and Guadaffy got gun raped in the streets before Libyans tore him apart limb from limb. Anyone with the ability to put another suicide airplane ride in the USA is going to meet the same fate. permalink award report block reply
MasterChief08 2 points 16 hours ago I'm done with these people. Rig the elections, conservatives. Get these people out permalink award report block reply
Buff_cousin_Elroy 2 points 15 hours ago Stupid as fuck african shit-apes permalink award report block reply
SuperUser 2 points 14 hours ago Shieeet permalink award report block reply
RoughBoy 2 points 18 hours ago She crazy in da hed permalink award report block reply
journalist 2 points 17 hours ago Black women’s power of stupidity never ceases to amaze. permalink award report block reply
FBIsurveillance 2 points 18 hours ago so extortion? permalink award report block reply
CatalystForChange 2 points 19 hours ago Is she desperately trying to prove Trump's claim that she is a low IQ person? permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 19 hours ago Proven!! permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 2 points 19 hours ago Proven!! permalink parent award report block reply
atomisten 1 points 15 hours ago she speaks like a low IQ gangster-wannabe permalink award report block reply
fazaman 1 points 11 hours ago Why am I not surprised by the Marxist fist in the background? permalink award report block reply
Grond999 1 points 16 hours ago 9/11 was an inside job. Geesh...J6 was too. permalink award report block reply
America_No_1 1 points 16 hours ago They are just now into Ron Paul ideas? permalink award report block reply
someguy7738 1 points 6 hours ago The real reason no one is flying planes into buildings in the USA is that the CIA does not currently have a use for such an event. permalink award report block reply
CoronaChan 1 points 13 hours ago Or we can send the requests some beepers. permalink award report block reply
Electrify928 1 points 7 hours ago That sounds like extortion. permalink award report block reply
Checkmate6Romeo 1 points 17 hours ago But why is there a fist holding a dildo in background? permalink award report block reply
TNgirl4Trump 1 points 11 hours ago I never understand what she is talking about. permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 1 points 17 hours ago The stupidity of these animals continues to amaze me. permalink award report block reply
ancroidubh 1 points 12 hours ago I think the terrorists are afraid of widespread cases of “the shock wave shits”. permalink award report block reply
mass55th 1 points 19 hours ago She deals drugs to terrorists? permalink award report block reply
UNfreeNewZealand 1 points 16 hours ago Dog whistle? permalink award report block reply
sovereign 1 points 11 hours ago That must be the most objectively cuckiest thing I’ve heard all year. permalink award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD 1 points 14 hours ago Am I hallucinating? Is she actually arguing that we should pay higher drug prices than Europe does so that Al Qaeda doesn't attack us again? Truly this is the apex of the competency crisis where in Big Pharma can't even get a cogent shill. And then the best part is how self-satisfied she looks at the end, she thinking, "Checkmate!" permalink award report block reply
Tookens 1 points 16 hours ago We're doomed. permalink award report block reply
cjcivicx 1 points 17 hours ago And yet no one is removing her from her seat... permalink award report block reply
jermzdeejd 1 points 10 hours ago Is she coming up with this or is someone telling her to say this? permalink award report block reply
OZJRant 1 points 16 hours ago Retard alert ! permalink award report block reply
corntortilla 1 points 17 hours ago Ooh boy. That is one dumb bitch, and I am trying to be nice about it. permalink award report block reply
Pofus_Poopants 1 points 9 hours ago Connecting the most distant dots. Otherwise known as Ghetto Logic. permalink award report block reply
QSWO1 1 points 19 hours ago South Dallas elected her, and she represents them well. permalink award report block reply
Shaffro 1 points 14 hours ago She is in competition for stupid with AOC. permalink award report block reply
ReleasetheList 1 points 14 hours ago Dumb ass sheboon. permalink award report block reply
DJT4MoreYears 1 points 13 hours ago This fat ugly bitch needs to be preparing for her criminal trial...not talking BS on talk shows pretending she's not in deep deep shit trouble. permalink award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 10 hours ago That's a comment I expect to hear from the pig shit thick end of society. permalink award report block reply
Jack_HinsonTN 1 points 8 hours ago "We never pay anyone Dane-geld, no matter how trifling the cost. For the end of that game is oppression and shame, and the nation that plays it is lost!" -Rudyard Kipling, Dane-Geld permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 1 points 11 hours ago Stupid bitch! permalink award report block reply
geekesmind 1 points 11 hours ago Does she not realize that if that happened under Trump's watch that the country the terrorists came from would be turned into GLASS. permalink award report block reply
Snek_Plissken 1 points 17 hours ago All of my enemies avoid me because I'm batshit crazy. On the crazy hot matrix I exceed the no go zone. That's why people leave me alone. permalink award report block reply
GnuYow 1 points 11 hours ago Every time I think she might just be pretending to be stupid, to gain support from stupid people... permalink award report block reply
PMSocks 1 points 9 hours ago These are people that fuck donkeys and goats on a cliff side so they push back. I doubt they care where their medicine comes from. permalink award report block reply
jhewish 1 points 12 hours ago Got to love the hilarious hyper intelligent black podcaster that looks like a fucking cartoon character sitting next to her. "I be Jamal and dis my podcast yall. Yall i be having jasmin croket on ma sho today yall. Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeuhhhhhhhhhhhh" permalink award report block reply
TooBright 1 points 13 hours ago Why would she bring up sep 11 right after Mamdani? Just more salt in the wound? permalink award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 1 points 8 hours ago What she means is, giving them access to porn and meds will drop their Testosterone just like it does to our men in the west. It's becoming apparent that the West has morphed into a hostile Matriarchy that gelds any opposition before it can begin. permalink award report block reply
tholinz 1 points 12 hours ago There is only one way to deal with Islamic extremists, and even the caliphates knew it. Purge and burn. permalink award report block reply
The_Yakuza 2 points 19 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 1 points 18 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
LadyGrahamsminge 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply