335 Sydney Sweeney STANDS HER GROUND — Refuses to Apologize for Patriotic American Eagle Ad Despite GQ Reporter’s Repeated Pressure to Cave (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 5 days ago by rdvs34283 7 comments award share report block Sydney Sweeney STANDS HER GROUND — Refuses to Apologize for Patriotic American Eagle Ad Despite GQ Reporter’s Repeated Pressure ... Hollywood actress Sydney Sweeney isn’t backing down, not to GQ, not to the woke mob, and certainly not to the media elites who think patriotism and blonde hair are somehow offensive. www.thegatewaypundit.com
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style NotYourMan 14 points 5 days ago Why would she apologize?  She should be proud of her genes and jeans.  The racism against white people must stop.  It isn't fair but instead just a tool of the communist to overthrow the country. permalink award report block reply geckofishknight 9 points 5 days ago if she talked shit about the ad why would advertisers want to work with her in the future? she's cleaning up right now in that space permalink award report block reply SnowSnake 8 points 5 days ago I watched the full interview and it was an obvious trap. permalink award report block reply socal_maga 7 points 5 days ago The clip in the article alone is enough to make you cringe.  Why do all leftist 'journalists' look the same, btw? permalink parent award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 4 points 5 days ago YES , they hate us cos they ain't us permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 2 points 5 days ago Patriotic Meh American Eagle just replaced Americans  with H1 B jeets. Fuck them. Sydney standing her ground is great but that company sucks. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply jsphere256 2 points 5 days ago Never apologize for your jeans. There you go AE, you're welcome. permalink award report block reply
NotYourMan 14 points 5 days ago Why would she apologize?  She should be proud of her genes and jeans.  The racism against white people must stop.  It isn't fair but instead just a tool of the communist to overthrow the country. permalink award report block reply
geckofishknight 9 points 5 days ago if she talked shit about the ad why would advertisers want to work with her in the future? she's cleaning up right now in that space permalink award report block reply
SnowSnake 8 points 5 days ago I watched the full interview and it was an obvious trap. permalink award report block reply socal_maga 7 points 5 days ago The clip in the article alone is enough to make you cringe.  Why do all leftist 'journalists' look the same, btw? permalink parent award report block reply
socal_maga 7 points 5 days ago The clip in the article alone is enough to make you cringe.  Why do all leftist 'journalists' look the same, btw? permalink parent award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 4 points 5 days ago YES , they hate us cos they ain't us permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 2 points 5 days ago Patriotic Meh American Eagle just replaced Americans  with H1 B jeets. Fuck them. Sydney standing her ground is great but that company sucks. MAGA AF permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 2 points 5 days ago Never apologize for your jeans. There you go AE, you're welcome. permalink award report block reply