934 Herp-teh-Derp 🤤 posted 2 days ago by SuperHonkey 202 comments award share report block Concerned Citizen @BGatesIsaPyscho • 2d Historians will study the White Female Liberal Mind for decades to come….
202 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save bigdar 65 points 2 days ago What exactly is going on here? permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 105 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 58 points 2 days ago I'm really going to die alone. Sincerely, if there are any milennial women out there that aren't retarded, sound off. I'm not trying to date you, I just want to know you exist. permalink parent award report block reply MoreSaltPlease 49 points 2 days ago I’m here, I was born in 84, so kind of an old millennial. I’m a very traditional minded woman who fully supports repealing the 19th amendment to save this country. I don’t really have many/any female friends(never really had time for the nonsense)so I can’t really say how many of us are out here🇺🇸 permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 11 points 2 days ago Whats the catch. Are you single? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Samuel_L_Bronkowitz 9 points 2 days ago You already sound hot. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago he’s quite a bit older than me Good for you. permalink parent award report block reply Shakakka99 23 points 2 days ago Plot twist: he’s trying to date you permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 2 days ago I hope so! MAGA men should date MAGA women. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 days ago I mean ya, but probably not from PDW lol! Anyway... back to working 50 - 60 hrs a week until I find her. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 16 points 2 days ago Find Jesus.  Then get to a Jesus-loving church and find a good woman there.  It really is almost the only way to find what our ancestors had nowadays. permalink parent award report block reply American-Patriot 4 points 2 days ago All the young pretty women are either taken or with their entire family.
How do I even approach a woman like that at church? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... solarsavior 2 points 2 days ago I found Jesus.  Yeah, you really don’t want to do that. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 2 days ago Find a good real actual Christian church permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago is there a list? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... AwareandNonCompliant 5 points 2 days ago Amen brother.  Luckily, I have the ability to date women in other countries.  I’ve completely given up on American women and I’m Gen X, I can’t even imagine what you deal with. permalink parent award report block reply Fightfight 2 points 2 days ago From what countries? Genuinely interested. I thought women everywhere became unreasonably entitled. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... load 5 more comments... Skogin 23 points 2 days ago (Birth control, SSRIs, & spike proteins) permalink parent award report block reply Drewbedrew 5 points 2 days ago I'm going with  genetically modified Dodo bird. permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 2 days ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 4 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. Oh, women. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... MastaJoda 27 points 2 days ago trying out for the Thriller reboot permalink parent award report block reply CanadianMeathead 9 points 2 days ago All woman cast, which is why it looks retarded permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 4 points 2 days ago Thrillher permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 13 points 2 days ago The Walking Stupid.  The relentlessly hunt for the wallets of working people to fund giveaways to the very people that want to destroy them permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 10 points 2 days ago Post-wall harpies trying to deal with the mental breakdown that comes with induction into the Cat Lady lifestyle. permalink parent award report block reply 5854110203868847 6 points 2 days ago Good old-fashioned retardation. permalink parent award report block reply load 24 more comments... GeorgeBailey 37 points 2 days ago … Cause this is thriller, thriller night
And no one's gonna save you
From the beast about to strike
You know it's thriller, thriller night
You're fighting for your life inside a killer, thriller, ow permalink award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 25 points 2 days ago At least Thriller had some actual choreography. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 14 points 2 days ago The walking dead for the even more retarded than the walking dead fan base permalink parent award report block reply Ganeshshu 1 points 2 days ago Dear, God...
The Special Dead! permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 6 points 2 days ago We need a talented pede to redo this to thriller music. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 6 points 2 days ago I just watched it over the instrumental opening of Thriller and it totally works. Somebody make this happen! permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 2 days ago my first thought 😂👍 permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 2 days ago Anybody feel like singing Thriller tonight? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3YhiBhKjFM permalink parent award report block reply KennyKetchem 29 points 2 days ago I have been at parties where everyone is shitfaced drunk and it looks way more sane than this. permalink award report block reply D__1 7 points 2 days ago Worst game of 'Hokey Pokey' I've ever seen. permalink parent award report block reply CJ74U2NV 23 points 2 days ago The "Retarded Haka" Is there any wonder why more and more men are staying single? permalink award report block reply Pyroth5687 16 points 2 days ago They each don’t have a man in their life telling them they’re acting fucking stupid and to knock it off. This is what a world controlled by stupid women would look like. permalink award report block reply LaPastillaEscarlata 13 points 2 days ago So there isn't anymore funding to support upgrades for the old NPCs and now they're just glitching in the streets? permalink award report block reply FlgPole 12 points 2 days ago Emotion bypasses reasoning. Pretty much already had it figured out since before they put a TV in every home. Any part of your show that gets emotional, cut to commercial. By the tim eyou get home your wife is smoking pal mal and telling you cook it yourself she is going out permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 2 days ago Publix is good at crafting ads to emotionally manipulate women into shopping there and buying their low quality store brand. permalink parent award report block reply Throwingway22 12 points 2 days ago They legitimately think this looks intimidating permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago Im waiting on a ''stolen car'' to drive into the crowd all by itself. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 10 points 2 days ago Toxic, damaged women with daddy issues, rebelling against God and male authority. That's all there is to their kind. No mystery about them. permalink award report block reply I_Am_John_Galt 9 points 2 days ago Reminds me of the 1983 Thriller music video debut on MTV, but retarded. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 9 points 2 days ago The only end conclusion of this experiment with giving women voting rights will be, eventually, the total removal of all of their rights and autonomy in society, and humanity will go through many centuries before woman get them again. When that happens? probably after societal collapse, so they still have some time to be fucking retarded if they want. But when the USA doesn’t exist anymore, and can’t keep this world from falling apart and killing itself, they are cooked. permalink award report block reply Puppy528 7 points 2 days ago I need the music playing for this clip to be replaced with Michael Jackson's "Thriller" like, yesterday. permalink award report block reply Snooptwo 6 points 2 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink award report block reply ParticleCannon 6 points 2 days ago "I am a genetic dead end until I decide to buy two halves of a baby donated by someone else and pick its gender after birth, hear me roar!" (disclaimer- going off thumbnail alone) permalink award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago Sad. A pile of dry dead branches pruned off the tree of life and scattered wherever the wind takes them. The suffragettes and 60's bra burners greatly underestimated the ability of women to totally screw things up. permalink parent award report block reply desertflower 5 points 2 days ago Primal Scream Therapy permalink award report block reply AR_MAGA 5 points 2 days ago Young people, forgive me, but the lack of testosterone in young men is what's causing women to become like this. I remember my brother, the psychiatrist, years ago, when millennials were the young generation, telling me, "Young men today don't know how to have sex with their girlfriends, they don't even perform oral sex, which is what women like most. That's why there are more and more lesbians." permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 2 days ago That doesn't just magically happen, they've been poisoned by various globalist chemicals. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago The "having sex" is a minor problem.  The inability of men to make a woman want them as more than a throwaway toy, and vice versa, is a much greater problem. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 1 points 2 days ago This is about the stupidest thing I have read here.  Second and third  wave feminism is off the hook for causing the divide - it's all the guy's fault, huh?  Good to know. permalink parent award report block reply AR_MAGA 1 points 2 days ago Ok millennial. Feminism is a direct consequence of what I said earlier. Men hold the power; if we are weak, this is what happens. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago There's no such thing as third wave feminism.  Women fully received equal rights in the early 90's.  "Feminists" since then have reduced women into useless screaming ninnies willing to follow whatever social media tells them. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 1 points 1 day ago The 90's business (Including the notion of intersectionality) is considered the "third wave", after the second of the 60's so called sexual revolution and workplace "rights".  The "me too" and body positivity stuff is even considered a fourth wave by those who spend their time making up the buzzwords.  That's what I was referring to - I should have included "fourth" as well - hugely damaging to male-female relations.  Very deliberate, and very sad for men and women, but many women don't realize the damage yet, or how they have been played by evil forces. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 17 hours ago The last group of work related rights passed in the early nineties had been fought for over decades. I completely agree that whether 3rd or 4th "wave", every "women's rights" protest since has been to the detriment of women and often downright dangerous for men.  Particularly for those men in dangerous jobs that now have the additional task of babysitting incapable women. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 1 points 2 days ago Ask your brother what to do about when my jaw starts to hurt and can I at least read a book or something if I'm gonna be down here that long? permalink parent award report block reply AR_MAGA 2 points 1 day ago Sorry, I can't. My brother died of throat cancer. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 1 points 1 day ago He died doing what he loved.  RIP permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 0 points 2 days ago We can thank internet porn for that. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago no melody, only percussion noises… Someone who doesn’t approve of musical harmonies is steering this 7th century display of primitive public worship in the street.  Who would even think to clog a roadway with such laughable posturing?! permalink award report block reply DiamondDroid 5 points 2 days ago Make asylum great again. permalink award report block reply louisiana_darling 5 points 2 days ago And they wonder why they're single permalink award report block reply Testamernt 5 points 2 days ago Seriously, what are these stupid fucks protesting? permalink award report block reply JanOctSept 4 points 2 days ago Waaaaay too much affirming every neurotic and incongruent thought that ever passed through their heads leads to this. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 4 points 2 days ago By “study”, do you mean like the current “study” of dark matter, which is more about postulations as to wether it exists? permalink award report block reply Than0sIII 4 points 2 days ago Can't tell if they've become brainless zombies or are doing a demon possession ritual. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 3 points 2 days ago Both permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 2 points 2 days ago Both is good. permalink parent award report block reply RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 3 points 2 days ago Touch chin. Fascinating… permalink award report block reply DCPower 3 points 2 days ago They’re not even coordinated! permalink award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 2 days ago It's the retarded version of Michael Jackson's Thriller zombie dance. permalink award report block reply DaayTerkErJerbs 3 points 2 days ago A whole lot from the last 25 years will be studied an it won't be favorable. My guess is we'll be a warning to future generations for centuries. permalink award report block reply Friendly_B 5 points 2 days ago Only if the future is sane! permalink parent award report block reply NeverBeFat 3 points 2 days ago Looks like extras from Michael Jackson's Thriller video. permalink award report block reply barwhack 3 points 2 days ago Herpes and Harpies... permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey OP 2 points 1 day ago 😁👍🏻 permalink parent award report block reply MaxineWaters4Prez 3 points 2 days ago It's thriller with extra chromosomes. permalink award report block reply Nanteen 3 points 2 days ago This is why they pump as many of the antidepressants into white women as they possibly can. It makes them fucking crazy. If you have daughters make sure they never get on this fucking med permalink award report block reply hillaryforprison 3 points 2 days ago No wonder people are having less babies permalink award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 1 day ago Somewhere, there's men working every day to keep these retarded bitches living indoors and eating food. permalink award report block reply Koikatrose 2 points 2 days ago What's to study?
Empty heads. permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 2 days ago Chapter 1: Looks. permalink parent award report block reply stripperlover 2 points 2 days ago exhibit A on why everyone should not be able to vote permalink award report block reply Lovethatorangeman 2 points 2 days ago Cause this is Thriller! Thriller night!! permalink award report block reply Slipcue 2 points 1 day ago The fuck? permalink award report block reply TheWoodsman 2 points 2 days ago What is the collective term for a stereotype? permalink award report block reply Luke_Luck 2 points 2 days ago Why? permalink award report block reply AlexPKeaton 2 points 2 days ago "Cuz this is thriller..." permalink award report block reply rubberkidney 2 points 2 days ago when actually SEE why its so hard to get a girlfriend. permalink award report block reply Mtnlion667 2 points 2 days ago Nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure permalink award report block reply HappyFunBall 2 points 2 days ago Lots of uni-brows in there. permalink award report block reply COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 2 days ago I don’t think they practiced Thriller long enough.  The choreographer needs a new job. permalink award report block reply Emperorvoid 2 points 2 days ago That's just a crackwhore moshpit. permalink award report block reply DoMe22 2 points 2 days ago They'll only study it if we don't face catastrophic collapse first. And that's far more likely. permalink award report block reply Overkillengine 2 points 2 days ago Only net producers should get to vote. While it wouldn't fix this kind of stupidity, it would help contain the potential damage and slam the door on soy addled simps giving them the vote back too. permalink award report block reply FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 2 days ago Why did we ever allow them to vote permalink award report block reply Serude 2 points 2 days ago Zombies permalink award report block reply Badstate 2 points 2 days ago Are they trying to do Thriller? permalink award report block reply rickroshi 2 points 1 day ago unfortnuately 3 out of my 4 sisters went hard left and yet my brother and my parents are MAGA... all 3 are accomplished academically, and one even has a Doctorate in engineering. We need to find a cure to the liberal mind virus, women are especially at risk for the pathogen. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 2 days ago Repeal the 19th permalink award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 0 points 2 days ago That won't cure leftist stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 2 days ago No, but atleast it will save America from these psychos wrecking this country anymore than they have over the last 106 yrs. permalink parent award report block reply Hassayamper 2 points 2 days ago The Drama Club kids are on the rampage! permalink award report block reply Dev404 2 points 2 days ago Remember, they get to vote. permalink award report block reply Metriz77 2 points 2 days ago You can tell a woman is liberal by her god awful shoes. Like standard uniform for them. permalink award report block reply Redeemable 2 points 1 day ago A mind that destroyed an entire race. permalink award report block reply DogFart_ 2 points 1 day ago how can i remove that annoying drum beating and replace it with “Thriller” from M.J.? permalink award report block reply Just_a_Patriot 2 points 2 days ago Are we sure this isn't just the start of the zombie apocalypse? Should we call Brad Pitt? permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 2 days ago It's a public dance block party.  It's not political,  it's a group reinforced social event foe useful idiots. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago So much herp you might herpies permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago Undead Unboners permalink award report block reply Sunnywindows 2 points 1 day ago Everything is street theater these days.  Kids just like to get together and do a choreographed dance to express their feelings.    They have no idea it’s awful. permalink award report block reply Keto_Biscuit 2 points 2 days ago Walking Dead Auditions for Zombie Roles. permalink award report block reply rektspec 2 points 15 hours ago In witchcraft, through dance, music and ‘emptying of mind and will’ via psychedelics or discipline, one can invite beings into take over the soul and thus body. This is why Bill and Hilary went to Haiti to get married, they were inviting demons in to run the US. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey OP 1 points 3 hours ago Many don't get this... Applies to most music you hear nowadays permalink parent award report block reply TheLesserBambino 2 points 2 days ago If I'm being fair I'm not sure that's not just a bunch of Hippies that happen to be women. permalink award report block reply MonolitoVeritas 2 points 2 days ago The odds are that those in this video and those that are not that are psycho, demonic, or otherwise possessed by the dark side have had abortions and and suffering from mental guilt effects of killing an innocent child for their convenience. The data on this is compelling and true...but has been suppressed from the public. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey OP 1 points 2 days ago Of course killing a baby makes a woman crazy, I've seen it up close. But they made their choice and rarely do they ever come to terms with it and seek God's forgiveness. permalink parent award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 2 points 2 days ago Repeal the 19th!!!!!! permalink award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 2 days ago If by historians, you mean psychologists and psychiatrists. permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 2 points 2 days ago They’d have to have evidence they have individual minds at all firstly. permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 2 days ago What the F is this? A zombie dance? permalink award report block reply Trumpdidit 2 points 1 day ago Constipation attack. permalink award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 2 points 2 days ago I've been to satanic metal shows that look more wholesome than this. permalink award report block reply Melodicgrog 2 points 1 day ago The only reason this works for the Māori is because they would eat you if they killed you. Your little dance looks like a fentanyl seizure. permalink award report block reply RedEnsign4Trump 2 points 2 days ago Fathers make sure to love your daughters permalink award report block reply Talon54 2 points 2 days ago They have no minds. A mind requires a functional brain which clearly leaves them out. permalink award report block reply ImportantPerson 1 points 2 days ago You know all those hippies in the 60's and 70's that did every drug imaginable?  These are their kids. permalink award report block reply lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Deport permalink award report block reply JetJocky 1 points 2 days ago That must be their pre-Zombie dance. permalink award report block reply PosterIsDead 1 points 2 days ago Cuz this is Thriller… permalink award report block reply HillarysFUPA 1 points 2 days ago We know with almost 100% certainly how they vote. permalink award report block reply krepoisbest 1 points 2 days ago 2 groups of people... permalink award report block reply So_Much_Happening 1 points 2 days ago Are those all Fred Trump mustaches or is the nose ring recorded on potato cam?? permalink award report block reply good_entity 0 points 2 days ago Unpopular opinion but… The only way we should be looking at this is we failed to protect our women. permalink award report block reply makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago Feminists dont want the dreaded patriarchy protecting them. How is that men's fault? permalink parent award report block reply good_entity -1 points 2 days ago Because we would rather jerk off and play call of duty rather than defend our women from communism. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago You cant defend women who have been indoctrinated to feel superior to men. I get what youre saying, but its just not that simple. Conservative men need to lead by example, and shouldn't be addicted to porn and video games anyway. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
bigdar 65 points 2 days ago What exactly is going on here? permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 105 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 58 points 2 days ago I'm really going to die alone. Sincerely, if there are any milennial women out there that aren't retarded, sound off. I'm not trying to date you, I just want to know you exist. permalink parent award report block reply MoreSaltPlease 49 points 2 days ago I’m here, I was born in 84, so kind of an old millennial. I’m a very traditional minded woman who fully supports repealing the 19th amendment to save this country. I don’t really have many/any female friends(never really had time for the nonsense)so I can’t really say how many of us are out here🇺🇸 permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 11 points 2 days ago Whats the catch. Are you single? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Samuel_L_Bronkowitz 9 points 2 days ago You already sound hot. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago he’s quite a bit older than me Good for you. permalink parent award report block reply Shakakka99 23 points 2 days ago Plot twist: he’s trying to date you permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 2 days ago I hope so! MAGA men should date MAGA women. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 days ago I mean ya, but probably not from PDW lol! Anyway... back to working 50 - 60 hrs a week until I find her. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 16 points 2 days ago Find Jesus.  Then get to a Jesus-loving church and find a good woman there.  It really is almost the only way to find what our ancestors had nowadays. permalink parent award report block reply American-Patriot 4 points 2 days ago All the young pretty women are either taken or with their entire family.
How do I even approach a woman like that at church? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... solarsavior 2 points 2 days ago I found Jesus.  Yeah, you really don’t want to do that. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 2 days ago Find a good real actual Christian church permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago is there a list? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... AwareandNonCompliant 5 points 2 days ago Amen brother.  Luckily, I have the ability to date women in other countries.  I’ve completely given up on American women and I’m Gen X, I can’t even imagine what you deal with. permalink parent award report block reply Fightfight 2 points 2 days ago From what countries? Genuinely interested. I thought women everywhere became unreasonably entitled. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... load 5 more comments... Skogin 23 points 2 days ago (Birth control, SSRIs, & spike proteins) permalink parent award report block reply Drewbedrew 5 points 2 days ago I'm going with  genetically modified Dodo bird. permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 2 days ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 4 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. Oh, women. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... MastaJoda 27 points 2 days ago trying out for the Thriller reboot permalink parent award report block reply CanadianMeathead 9 points 2 days ago All woman cast, which is why it looks retarded permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 4 points 2 days ago Thrillher permalink parent award report block reply Induceddrag 13 points 2 days ago The Walking Stupid.  The relentlessly hunt for the wallets of working people to fund giveaways to the very people that want to destroy them permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 10 points 2 days ago Post-wall harpies trying to deal with the mental breakdown that comes with induction into the Cat Lady lifestyle. permalink parent award report block reply 5854110203868847 6 points 2 days ago Good old-fashioned retardation. permalink parent award report block reply load 24 more comments...
MedicallyReddit 105 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 58 points 2 days ago I'm really going to die alone. Sincerely, if there are any milennial women out there that aren't retarded, sound off. I'm not trying to date you, I just want to know you exist. permalink parent award report block reply MoreSaltPlease 49 points 2 days ago I’m here, I was born in 84, so kind of an old millennial. I’m a very traditional minded woman who fully supports repealing the 19th amendment to save this country. I don’t really have many/any female friends(never really had time for the nonsense)so I can’t really say how many of us are out here🇺🇸 permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 11 points 2 days ago Whats the catch. Are you single? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Samuel_L_Bronkowitz 9 points 2 days ago You already sound hot. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago he’s quite a bit older than me Good for you. permalink parent award report block reply Shakakka99 23 points 2 days ago Plot twist: he’s trying to date you permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 2 days ago I hope so! MAGA men should date MAGA women. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 days ago I mean ya, but probably not from PDW lol! Anyway... back to working 50 - 60 hrs a week until I find her. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 16 points 2 days ago Find Jesus.  Then get to a Jesus-loving church and find a good woman there.  It really is almost the only way to find what our ancestors had nowadays. permalink parent award report block reply American-Patriot 4 points 2 days ago All the young pretty women are either taken or with their entire family.
How do I even approach a woman like that at church? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... solarsavior 2 points 2 days ago I found Jesus.  Yeah, you really don’t want to do that. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 2 days ago Find a good real actual Christian church permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago is there a list? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... AwareandNonCompliant 5 points 2 days ago Amen brother.  Luckily, I have the ability to date women in other countries.  I’ve completely given up on American women and I’m Gen X, I can’t even imagine what you deal with. permalink parent award report block reply Fightfight 2 points 2 days ago From what countries? Genuinely interested. I thought women everywhere became unreasonably entitled. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... load 5 more comments... Skogin 23 points 2 days ago (Birth control, SSRIs, & spike proteins) permalink parent award report block reply Drewbedrew 5 points 2 days ago I'm going with  genetically modified Dodo bird. permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 2 days ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 4 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. Oh, women. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
Bidensmellslikepiss 58 points 2 days ago I'm really going to die alone. Sincerely, if there are any milennial women out there that aren't retarded, sound off. I'm not trying to date you, I just want to know you exist. permalink parent award report block reply MoreSaltPlease 49 points 2 days ago I’m here, I was born in 84, so kind of an old millennial. I’m a very traditional minded woman who fully supports repealing the 19th amendment to save this country. I don’t really have many/any female friends(never really had time for the nonsense)so I can’t really say how many of us are out here🇺🇸 permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 11 points 2 days ago Whats the catch. Are you single? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Samuel_L_Bronkowitz 9 points 2 days ago You already sound hot. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago he’s quite a bit older than me Good for you. permalink parent award report block reply Shakakka99 23 points 2 days ago Plot twist: he’s trying to date you permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 2 days ago I hope so! MAGA men should date MAGA women. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 days ago I mean ya, but probably not from PDW lol! Anyway... back to working 50 - 60 hrs a week until I find her. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 16 points 2 days ago Find Jesus.  Then get to a Jesus-loving church and find a good woman there.  It really is almost the only way to find what our ancestors had nowadays. permalink parent award report block reply American-Patriot 4 points 2 days ago All the young pretty women are either taken or with their entire family.
How do I even approach a woman like that at church? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... solarsavior 2 points 2 days ago I found Jesus.  Yeah, you really don’t want to do that. permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 6 points 2 days ago Find a good real actual Christian church permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago is there a list? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... AwareandNonCompliant 5 points 2 days ago Amen brother.  Luckily, I have the ability to date women in other countries.  I’ve completely given up on American women and I’m Gen X, I can’t even imagine what you deal with. permalink parent award report block reply Fightfight 2 points 2 days ago From what countries? Genuinely interested. I thought women everywhere became unreasonably entitled. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... load 5 more comments...
MoreSaltPlease 49 points 2 days ago I’m here, I was born in 84, so kind of an old millennial. I’m a very traditional minded woman who fully supports repealing the 19th amendment to save this country. I don’t really have many/any female friends(never really had time for the nonsense)so I can’t really say how many of us are out here🇺🇸 permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 11 points 2 days ago Whats the catch. Are you single? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments... Samuel_L_Bronkowitz 9 points 2 days ago You already sound hot. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago he’s quite a bit older than me Good for you. permalink parent award report block reply
makersmarx 11 points 2 days ago Whats the catch. Are you single? permalink parent award report block reply view 11 more comments...
Samuel_L_Bronkowitz 9 points 2 days ago You already sound hot. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Judenfrei 1 points 2 days ago he’s quite a bit older than me Good for you. permalink parent award report block reply
Shakakka99 23 points 2 days ago Plot twist: he’s trying to date you permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 2 days ago I hope so! MAGA men should date MAGA women. permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 days ago I mean ya, but probably not from PDW lol! Anyway... back to working 50 - 60 hrs a week until I find her. permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 2 days ago I hope so! MAGA men should date MAGA women. permalink parent award report block reply
Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 days ago I mean ya, but probably not from PDW lol! Anyway... back to working 50 - 60 hrs a week until I find her. permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 16 points 2 days ago Find Jesus.  Then get to a Jesus-loving church and find a good woman there.  It really is almost the only way to find what our ancestors had nowadays. permalink parent award report block reply American-Patriot 4 points 2 days ago All the young pretty women are either taken or with their entire family.
How do I even approach a woman like that at church? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... solarsavior 2 points 2 days ago I found Jesus.  Yeah, you really don’t want to do that. permalink parent award report block reply
American-Patriot 4 points 2 days ago All the young pretty women are either taken or with their entire family.
How do I even approach a woman like that at church? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
solarsavior 2 points 2 days ago I found Jesus.  Yeah, you really don’t want to do that. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 6 points 2 days ago Find a good real actual Christian church permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago is there a list? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Hanging_Chad 2 points 2 days ago is there a list? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
AwareandNonCompliant 5 points 2 days ago Amen brother.  Luckily, I have the ability to date women in other countries.  I’ve completely given up on American women and I’m Gen X, I can’t even imagine what you deal with. permalink parent award report block reply Fightfight 2 points 2 days ago From what countries? Genuinely interested. I thought women everywhere became unreasonably entitled. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Fightfight 2 points 2 days ago From what countries? Genuinely interested. I thought women everywhere became unreasonably entitled. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Skogin 23 points 2 days ago (Birth control, SSRIs, & spike proteins) permalink parent award report block reply
Drewbedrew 5 points 2 days ago I'm going with  genetically modified Dodo bird. permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 2 days ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply
diverscale 2 points 2 days ago Kek permalink parent award report block reply
Transparency 4 points 2 days ago Demonic possession, drug influence and retardation. Oh, women. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 27 points 2 days ago trying out for the Thriller reboot permalink parent award report block reply CanadianMeathead 9 points 2 days ago All woman cast, which is why it looks retarded permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 4 points 2 days ago Thrillher permalink parent award report block reply
CanadianMeathead 9 points 2 days ago All woman cast, which is why it looks retarded permalink parent award report block reply BaldyGull 4 points 2 days ago Thrillher permalink parent award report block reply
BaldyGull 4 points 2 days ago Thrillher permalink parent award report block reply
Induceddrag 13 points 2 days ago The Walking Stupid.  The relentlessly hunt for the wallets of working people to fund giveaways to the very people that want to destroy them permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 10 points 2 days ago Post-wall harpies trying to deal with the mental breakdown that comes with induction into the Cat Lady lifestyle. permalink parent award report block reply
5854110203868847 6 points 2 days ago Good old-fashioned retardation. permalink parent award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 37 points 2 days ago … Cause this is thriller, thriller night
And no one's gonna save you
From the beast about to strike
You know it's thriller, thriller night
You're fighting for your life inside a killer, thriller, ow permalink award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 25 points 2 days ago At least Thriller had some actual choreography. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 14 points 2 days ago The walking dead for the even more retarded than the walking dead fan base permalink parent award report block reply Ganeshshu 1 points 2 days ago Dear, God...
The Special Dead! permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 6 points 2 days ago We need a talented pede to redo this to thriller music. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 6 points 2 days ago I just watched it over the instrumental opening of Thriller and it totally works. Somebody make this happen! permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 6 points 2 days ago my first thought 😂👍 permalink parent award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 2 days ago Anybody feel like singing Thriller tonight? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3YhiBhKjFM permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 25 points 2 days ago At least Thriller had some actual choreography. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 14 points 2 days ago The walking dead for the even more retarded than the walking dead fan base permalink parent award report block reply Ganeshshu 1 points 2 days ago Dear, God...
The Special Dead! permalink parent award report block reply
Bohemyth_2 14 points 2 days ago The walking dead for the even more retarded than the walking dead fan base permalink parent award report block reply Ganeshshu 1 points 2 days ago Dear, God...
The Special Dead! permalink parent award report block reply
Ganeshshu 1 points 2 days ago Dear, God...
The Special Dead! permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 6 points 2 days ago We need a talented pede to redo this to thriller music. permalink parent award report block reply kekranger 6 points 2 days ago I just watched it over the instrumental opening of Thriller and it totally works. Somebody make this happen! permalink parent award report block reply
kekranger 6 points 2 days ago I just watched it over the instrumental opening of Thriller and it totally works. Somebody make this happen! permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 6 points 2 days ago my first thought 😂👍 permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 2 points 2 days ago Anybody feel like singing Thriller tonight? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3YhiBhKjFM permalink parent award report block reply
KennyKetchem 29 points 2 days ago I have been at parties where everyone is shitfaced drunk and it looks way more sane than this. permalink award report block reply D__1 7 points 2 days ago Worst game of 'Hokey Pokey' I've ever seen. permalink parent award report block reply
D__1 7 points 2 days ago Worst game of 'Hokey Pokey' I've ever seen. permalink parent award report block reply
CJ74U2NV 23 points 2 days ago The "Retarded Haka" Is there any wonder why more and more men are staying single? permalink award report block reply
Pyroth5687 16 points 2 days ago They each don’t have a man in their life telling them they’re acting fucking stupid and to knock it off. This is what a world controlled by stupid women would look like. permalink award report block reply
LaPastillaEscarlata 13 points 2 days ago So there isn't anymore funding to support upgrades for the old NPCs and now they're just glitching in the streets? permalink award report block reply
FlgPole 12 points 2 days ago Emotion bypasses reasoning. Pretty much already had it figured out since before they put a TV in every home. Any part of your show that gets emotional, cut to commercial. By the tim eyou get home your wife is smoking pal mal and telling you cook it yourself she is going out permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 2 days ago Publix is good at crafting ads to emotionally manipulate women into shopping there and buying their low quality store brand. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 3 points 2 days ago Publix is good at crafting ads to emotionally manipulate women into shopping there and buying their low quality store brand. permalink parent award report block reply
Throwingway22 12 points 2 days ago They legitimately think this looks intimidating permalink award report block reply MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago Im waiting on a ''stolen car'' to drive into the crowd all by itself. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 4 points 2 days ago Im waiting on a ''stolen car'' to drive into the crowd all by itself. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 10 points 2 days ago Toxic, damaged women with daddy issues, rebelling against God and male authority. That's all there is to their kind. No mystery about them. permalink award report block reply
I_Am_John_Galt 9 points 2 days ago Reminds me of the 1983 Thriller music video debut on MTV, but retarded. permalink award report block reply
lifeisahologram 9 points 2 days ago The only end conclusion of this experiment with giving women voting rights will be, eventually, the total removal of all of their rights and autonomy in society, and humanity will go through many centuries before woman get them again. When that happens? probably after societal collapse, so they still have some time to be fucking retarded if they want. But when the USA doesn’t exist anymore, and can’t keep this world from falling apart and killing itself, they are cooked. permalink award report block reply
Puppy528 7 points 2 days ago I need the music playing for this clip to be replaced with Michael Jackson's "Thriller" like, yesterday. permalink award report block reply
Snooptwo 6 points 2 days ago Repeal the 19th. permalink award report block reply
ParticleCannon 6 points 2 days ago "I am a genetic dead end until I decide to buy two halves of a baby donated by someone else and pick its gender after birth, hear me roar!" (disclaimer- going off thumbnail alone) permalink award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago Sad. A pile of dry dead branches pruned off the tree of life and scattered wherever the wind takes them. The suffragettes and 60's bra burners greatly underestimated the ability of women to totally screw things up. permalink parent award report block reply
KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago Sad. A pile of dry dead branches pruned off the tree of life and scattered wherever the wind takes them. The suffragettes and 60's bra burners greatly underestimated the ability of women to totally screw things up. permalink parent award report block reply
desertflower 5 points 2 days ago Primal Scream Therapy permalink award report block reply
AR_MAGA 5 points 2 days ago Young people, forgive me, but the lack of testosterone in young men is what's causing women to become like this. I remember my brother, the psychiatrist, years ago, when millennials were the young generation, telling me, "Young men today don't know how to have sex with their girlfriends, they don't even perform oral sex, which is what women like most. That's why there are more and more lesbians." permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 2 days ago That doesn't just magically happen, they've been poisoned by various globalist chemicals. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago The "having sex" is a minor problem.  The inability of men to make a woman want them as more than a throwaway toy, and vice versa, is a much greater problem. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 1 points 2 days ago This is about the stupidest thing I have read here.  Second and third  wave feminism is off the hook for causing the divide - it's all the guy's fault, huh?  Good to know. permalink parent award report block reply AR_MAGA 1 points 2 days ago Ok millennial. Feminism is a direct consequence of what I said earlier. Men hold the power; if we are weak, this is what happens. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago There's no such thing as third wave feminism.  Women fully received equal rights in the early 90's.  "Feminists" since then have reduced women into useless screaming ninnies willing to follow whatever social media tells them. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 1 points 1 day ago The 90's business (Including the notion of intersectionality) is considered the "third wave", after the second of the 60's so called sexual revolution and workplace "rights".  The "me too" and body positivity stuff is even considered a fourth wave by those who spend their time making up the buzzwords.  That's what I was referring to - I should have included "fourth" as well - hugely damaging to male-female relations.  Very deliberate, and very sad for men and women, but many women don't realize the damage yet, or how they have been played by evil forces. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 17 hours ago The last group of work related rights passed in the early nineties had been fought for over decades. I completely agree that whether 3rd or 4th "wave", every "women's rights" protest since has been to the detriment of women and often downright dangerous for men.  Particularly for those men in dangerous jobs that now have the additional task of babysitting incapable women. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 1 points 2 days ago Ask your brother what to do about when my jaw starts to hurt and can I at least read a book or something if I'm gonna be down here that long? permalink parent award report block reply AR_MAGA 2 points 1 day ago Sorry, I can't. My brother died of throat cancer. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 1 points 1 day ago He died doing what he loved.  RIP permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder 0 points 2 days ago We can thank internet porn for that. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 7 points 2 days ago That doesn't just magically happen, they've been poisoned by various globalist chemicals. permalink parent award report block reply
KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago The "having sex" is a minor problem.  The inability of men to make a woman want them as more than a throwaway toy, and vice versa, is a much greater problem. permalink parent award report block reply
Mamapedia 1 points 2 days ago This is about the stupidest thing I have read here.  Second and third  wave feminism is off the hook for causing the divide - it's all the guy's fault, huh?  Good to know. permalink parent award report block reply AR_MAGA 1 points 2 days ago Ok millennial. Feminism is a direct consequence of what I said earlier. Men hold the power; if we are weak, this is what happens. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago There's no such thing as third wave feminism.  Women fully received equal rights in the early 90's.  "Feminists" since then have reduced women into useless screaming ninnies willing to follow whatever social media tells them. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 1 points 1 day ago The 90's business (Including the notion of intersectionality) is considered the "third wave", after the second of the 60's so called sexual revolution and workplace "rights".  The "me too" and body positivity stuff is even considered a fourth wave by those who spend their time making up the buzzwords.  That's what I was referring to - I should have included "fourth" as well - hugely damaging to male-female relations.  Very deliberate, and very sad for men and women, but many women don't realize the damage yet, or how they have been played by evil forces. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 17 hours ago The last group of work related rights passed in the early nineties had been fought for over decades. I completely agree that whether 3rd or 4th "wave", every "women's rights" protest since has been to the detriment of women and often downright dangerous for men.  Particularly for those men in dangerous jobs that now have the additional task of babysitting incapable women. permalink parent award report block reply
AR_MAGA 1 points 2 days ago Ok millennial. Feminism is a direct consequence of what I said earlier. Men hold the power; if we are weak, this is what happens. permalink parent award report block reply
KartoffelPuffer 1 points 2 days ago There's no such thing as third wave feminism.  Women fully received equal rights in the early 90's.  "Feminists" since then have reduced women into useless screaming ninnies willing to follow whatever social media tells them. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 1 points 1 day ago The 90's business (Including the notion of intersectionality) is considered the "third wave", after the second of the 60's so called sexual revolution and workplace "rights".  The "me too" and body positivity stuff is even considered a fourth wave by those who spend their time making up the buzzwords.  That's what I was referring to - I should have included "fourth" as well - hugely damaging to male-female relations.  Very deliberate, and very sad for men and women, but many women don't realize the damage yet, or how they have been played by evil forces. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 17 hours ago The last group of work related rights passed in the early nineties had been fought for over decades. I completely agree that whether 3rd or 4th "wave", every "women's rights" protest since has been to the detriment of women and often downright dangerous for men.  Particularly for those men in dangerous jobs that now have the additional task of babysitting incapable women. permalink parent award report block reply
Mamapedia 1 points 1 day ago The 90's business (Including the notion of intersectionality) is considered the "third wave", after the second of the 60's so called sexual revolution and workplace "rights".  The "me too" and body positivity stuff is even considered a fourth wave by those who spend their time making up the buzzwords.  That's what I was referring to - I should have included "fourth" as well - hugely damaging to male-female relations.  Very deliberate, and very sad for men and women, but many women don't realize the damage yet, or how they have been played by evil forces. permalink parent award report block reply KartoffelPuffer 1 points 17 hours ago The last group of work related rights passed in the early nineties had been fought for over decades. I completely agree that whether 3rd or 4th "wave", every "women's rights" protest since has been to the detriment of women and often downright dangerous for men.  Particularly for those men in dangerous jobs that now have the additional task of babysitting incapable women. permalink parent award report block reply
KartoffelPuffer 1 points 17 hours ago The last group of work related rights passed in the early nineties had been fought for over decades. I completely agree that whether 3rd or 4th "wave", every "women's rights" protest since has been to the detriment of women and often downright dangerous for men.  Particularly for those men in dangerous jobs that now have the additional task of babysitting incapable women. permalink parent award report block reply
Fistmagic 1 points 2 days ago Ask your brother what to do about when my jaw starts to hurt and can I at least read a book or something if I'm gonna be down here that long? permalink parent award report block reply AR_MAGA 2 points 1 day ago Sorry, I can't. My brother died of throat cancer. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 1 points 1 day ago He died doing what he loved.  RIP permalink parent award report block reply
AR_MAGA 2 points 1 day ago Sorry, I can't. My brother died of throat cancer. permalink parent award report block reply Fistmagic 1 points 1 day ago He died doing what he loved.  RIP permalink parent award report block reply
Fistmagic 1 points 1 day ago He died doing what he loved.  RIP permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder 0 points 2 days ago We can thank internet porn for that. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 5 points 2 days ago no melody, only percussion noises… Someone who doesn’t approve of musical harmonies is steering this 7th century display of primitive public worship in the street.  Who would even think to clog a roadway with such laughable posturing?! permalink award report block reply
DiamondDroid 5 points 2 days ago Make asylum great again. permalink award report block reply
louisiana_darling 5 points 2 days ago And they wonder why they're single permalink award report block reply
Testamernt 5 points 2 days ago Seriously, what are these stupid fucks protesting? permalink award report block reply
JanOctSept 4 points 2 days ago Waaaaay too much affirming every neurotic and incongruent thought that ever passed through their heads leads to this. permalink award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 4 points 2 days ago By “study”, do you mean like the current “study” of dark matter, which is more about postulations as to wether it exists? permalink award report block reply
Than0sIII 4 points 2 days ago Can't tell if they've become brainless zombies or are doing a demon possession ritual. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 3 points 2 days ago Both permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 2 points 2 days ago Both is good. permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 3 points 2 days ago Both permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 2 points 2 days ago Both is good. permalink parent award report block reply
Than0sIII 2 points 2 days ago Both is good. permalink parent award report block reply
RuprechtThaMonkeyBoy 3 points 2 days ago Touch chin. Fascinating… permalink award report block reply
DCPower 3 points 2 days ago They’re not even coordinated! permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 3 points 2 days ago It's the retarded version of Michael Jackson's Thriller zombie dance. permalink award report block reply
DaayTerkErJerbs 3 points 2 days ago A whole lot from the last 25 years will be studied an it won't be favorable. My guess is we'll be a warning to future generations for centuries. permalink award report block reply Friendly_B 5 points 2 days ago Only if the future is sane! permalink parent award report block reply
Friendly_B 5 points 2 days ago Only if the future is sane! permalink parent award report block reply
NeverBeFat 3 points 2 days ago Looks like extras from Michael Jackson's Thriller video. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 3 points 2 days ago Herpes and Harpies... permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey OP 2 points 1 day ago 😁👍🏻 permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey OP 2 points 1 day ago 😁👍🏻 permalink parent award report block reply
MaxineWaters4Prez 3 points 2 days ago It's thriller with extra chromosomes. permalink award report block reply
Nanteen 3 points 2 days ago This is why they pump as many of the antidepressants into white women as they possibly can. It makes them fucking crazy. If you have daughters make sure they never get on this fucking med permalink award report block reply
hillaryforprison 3 points 2 days ago No wonder people are having less babies permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 1 day ago Somewhere, there's men working every day to keep these retarded bitches living indoors and eating food. permalink award report block reply
Koikatrose 2 points 2 days ago What's to study?
Empty heads. permalink award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 2 days ago Chapter 1: Looks. permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 2 days ago Chapter 1: Looks. permalink parent award report block reply
stripperlover 2 points 2 days ago exhibit A on why everyone should not be able to vote permalink award report block reply
Lovethatorangeman 2 points 2 days ago Cause this is Thriller! Thriller night!! permalink award report block reply
Slipcue 2 points 1 day ago The fuck? permalink award report block reply
TheWoodsman 2 points 2 days ago What is the collective term for a stereotype? permalink award report block reply
Luke_Luck 2 points 2 days ago Why? permalink award report block reply
AlexPKeaton 2 points 2 days ago "Cuz this is thriller..." permalink award report block reply
rubberkidney 2 points 2 days ago when actually SEE why its so hard to get a girlfriend. permalink award report block reply
Mtnlion667 2 points 2 days ago Nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure permalink award report block reply
HappyFunBall 2 points 2 days ago Lots of uni-brows in there. permalink award report block reply
COLDWARPATRIOT55 2 points 2 days ago I don’t think they practiced Thriller long enough.  The choreographer needs a new job. permalink award report block reply
Emperorvoid 2 points 2 days ago That's just a crackwhore moshpit. permalink award report block reply
DoMe22 2 points 2 days ago They'll only study it if we don't face catastrophic collapse first. And that's far more likely. permalink award report block reply
Overkillengine 2 points 2 days ago Only net producers should get to vote. While it wouldn't fix this kind of stupidity, it would help contain the potential damage and slam the door on soy addled simps giving them the vote back too. permalink award report block reply
FearGodTheAlmighty 2 points 2 days ago Why did we ever allow them to vote permalink award report block reply
Serude 2 points 2 days ago Zombies permalink award report block reply
Badstate 2 points 2 days ago Are they trying to do Thriller? permalink award report block reply
rickroshi 2 points 1 day ago unfortnuately 3 out of my 4 sisters went hard left and yet my brother and my parents are MAGA... all 3 are accomplished academically, and one even has a Doctorate in engineering. We need to find a cure to the liberal mind virus, women are especially at risk for the pathogen. permalink award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 2 points 2 days ago Repeal the 19th permalink award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 0 points 2 days ago That won't cure leftist stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 2 days ago No, but atleast it will save America from these psychos wrecking this country anymore than they have over the last 106 yrs. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 0 points 2 days ago That won't cure leftist stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 3 points 2 days ago No, but atleast it will save America from these psychos wrecking this country anymore than they have over the last 106 yrs. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 3 points 2 days ago No, but atleast it will save America from these psychos wrecking this country anymore than they have over the last 106 yrs. permalink parent award report block reply
Hassayamper 2 points 2 days ago The Drama Club kids are on the rampage! permalink award report block reply
Dev404 2 points 2 days ago Remember, they get to vote. permalink award report block reply
Metriz77 2 points 2 days ago You can tell a woman is liberal by her god awful shoes. Like standard uniform for them. permalink award report block reply
Redeemable 2 points 1 day ago A mind that destroyed an entire race. permalink award report block reply
DogFart_ 2 points 1 day ago how can i remove that annoying drum beating and replace it with “Thriller” from M.J.? permalink award report block reply
Just_a_Patriot 2 points 2 days ago Are we sure this isn't just the start of the zombie apocalypse? Should we call Brad Pitt? permalink award report block reply
The_Emperor 2 points 2 days ago It's a public dance block party.  It's not political,  it's a group reinforced social event foe useful idiots. permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago So much herp you might herpies permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 2 points 2 days ago Undead Unboners permalink award report block reply
Sunnywindows 2 points 1 day ago Everything is street theater these days.  Kids just like to get together and do a choreographed dance to express their feelings.    They have no idea it’s awful. permalink award report block reply
Keto_Biscuit 2 points 2 days ago Walking Dead Auditions for Zombie Roles. permalink award report block reply
rektspec 2 points 15 hours ago In witchcraft, through dance, music and ‘emptying of mind and will’ via psychedelics or discipline, one can invite beings into take over the soul and thus body. This is why Bill and Hilary went to Haiti to get married, they were inviting demons in to run the US. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey OP 1 points 3 hours ago Many don't get this... Applies to most music you hear nowadays permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey OP 1 points 3 hours ago Many don't get this... Applies to most music you hear nowadays permalink parent award report block reply
TheLesserBambino 2 points 2 days ago If I'm being fair I'm not sure that's not just a bunch of Hippies that happen to be women. permalink award report block reply
MonolitoVeritas 2 points 2 days ago The odds are that those in this video and those that are not that are psycho, demonic, or otherwise possessed by the dark side have had abortions and and suffering from mental guilt effects of killing an innocent child for their convenience. The data on this is compelling and true...but has been suppressed from the public. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey OP 1 points 2 days ago Of course killing a baby makes a woman crazy, I've seen it up close. But they made their choice and rarely do they ever come to terms with it and seek God's forgiveness. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey OP 1 points 2 days ago Of course killing a baby makes a woman crazy, I've seen it up close. But they made their choice and rarely do they ever come to terms with it and seek God's forgiveness. permalink parent award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 2 points 2 days ago Repeal the 19th!!!!!! permalink award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 2 points 2 days ago If by historians, you mean psychologists and psychiatrists. permalink award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 2 points 2 days ago They’d have to have evidence they have individual minds at all firstly. permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 2 days ago What the F is this? A zombie dance? permalink award report block reply
Trumpdidit 2 points 1 day ago Constipation attack. permalink award report block reply
DontBeAFaggot 2 points 2 days ago I've been to satanic metal shows that look more wholesome than this. permalink award report block reply
Melodicgrog 2 points 1 day ago The only reason this works for the Māori is because they would eat you if they killed you. Your little dance looks like a fentanyl seizure. permalink award report block reply
RedEnsign4Trump 2 points 2 days ago Fathers make sure to love your daughters permalink award report block reply
Talon54 2 points 2 days ago They have no minds. A mind requires a functional brain which clearly leaves them out. permalink award report block reply
ImportantPerson 1 points 2 days ago You know all those hippies in the 60's and 70's that did every drug imaginable?  These are their kids. permalink award report block reply
lul_cheto 1 points 2 days ago Deport permalink award report block reply
JetJocky 1 points 2 days ago That must be their pre-Zombie dance. permalink award report block reply
PosterIsDead 1 points 2 days ago Cuz this is Thriller… permalink award report block reply
HillarysFUPA 1 points 2 days ago We know with almost 100% certainly how they vote. permalink award report block reply
krepoisbest 1 points 2 days ago 2 groups of people... permalink award report block reply
So_Much_Happening 1 points 2 days ago Are those all Fred Trump mustaches or is the nose ring recorded on potato cam?? permalink award report block reply
good_entity 0 points 2 days ago Unpopular opinion but… The only way we should be looking at this is we failed to protect our women. permalink award report block reply makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago Feminists dont want the dreaded patriarchy protecting them. How is that men's fault? permalink parent award report block reply good_entity -1 points 2 days ago Because we would rather jerk off and play call of duty rather than defend our women from communism. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago You cant defend women who have been indoctrinated to feel superior to men. I get what youre saying, but its just not that simple. Conservative men need to lead by example, and shouldn't be addicted to porn and video games anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago Feminists dont want the dreaded patriarchy protecting them. How is that men's fault? permalink parent award report block reply good_entity -1 points 2 days ago Because we would rather jerk off and play call of duty rather than defend our women from communism. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago You cant defend women who have been indoctrinated to feel superior to men. I get what youre saying, but its just not that simple. Conservative men need to lead by example, and shouldn't be addicted to porn and video games anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
good_entity -1 points 2 days ago Because we would rather jerk off and play call of duty rather than defend our women from communism. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago You cant defend women who have been indoctrinated to feel superior to men. I get what youre saying, but its just not that simple. Conservative men need to lead by example, and shouldn't be addicted to porn and video games anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
makersmarx 1 points 2 days ago You cant defend women who have been indoctrinated to feel superior to men. I get what youre saying, but its just not that simple. Conservative men need to lead by example, and shouldn't be addicted to porn and video games anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply