66 100% posted 2 hours ago by TheLawofOne- 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Steve56775 5 points 1 hour ago Republicans do not want to win. They thrive on losing. If they win they have to take responsibility for the failure of the government. permalink award report block reply Assault-Covfefe 3 points 17 minutes ago It's an easy way to make yourself rich.  Bitch and moan, fundraise, do hit pieces on TV, speaking engagements, but not be actually responsible for anything. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 5 points 2 hours ago Democrats win by cheating.  Where did that 500K ballots come from the NJ governor race?  Illegals voting. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 1 points 14 minutes ago Or we could get a billion Chinese students, 500 million H1bs, make pedophilia legal, refill the swamp, and sue and imprison anyone badmouthing Israel. permalink award report block reply Ostia -1 points 1 hour ago The only way we do that and not only don't lose the white house for 20 years, but don't lose the white house in 2028, is if we outlaw the democrat party, remove their right to vote, and turn america into a one-party state. This is as dumb as it gets. permalink award report block reply TheLawofOne- OP 2 points 1 hour ago Shut up Doomer permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 1 hour ago You think I'm wrong? permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 5 points 1 hour ago Republicans do not want to win. They thrive on losing. If they win they have to take responsibility for the failure of the government. permalink award report block reply Assault-Covfefe 3 points 17 minutes ago It's an easy way to make yourself rich.  Bitch and moan, fundraise, do hit pieces on TV, speaking engagements, but not be actually responsible for anything. permalink parent award report block reply
Assault-Covfefe 3 points 17 minutes ago It's an easy way to make yourself rich.  Bitch and moan, fundraise, do hit pieces on TV, speaking engagements, but not be actually responsible for anything. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 5 points 2 hours ago Democrats win by cheating.  Where did that 500K ballots come from the NJ governor race?  Illegals voting. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 1 points 14 minutes ago Or we could get a billion Chinese students, 500 million H1bs, make pedophilia legal, refill the swamp, and sue and imprison anyone badmouthing Israel. permalink award report block reply
Ostia -1 points 1 hour ago The only way we do that and not only don't lose the white house for 20 years, but don't lose the white house in 2028, is if we outlaw the democrat party, remove their right to vote, and turn america into a one-party state. This is as dumb as it gets. permalink award report block reply TheLawofOne- OP 2 points 1 hour ago Shut up Doomer permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 1 hour ago You think I'm wrong? permalink parent award report block reply
TheLawofOne- OP 2 points 1 hour ago Shut up Doomer permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 1 hour ago You think I'm wrong? permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 1 points 1 hour ago You think I'm wrong? permalink parent award report block reply