773 52-48% Every time posted 7 days ago by Cianevalies 27 comments award share report block Isn’t it strange how every election with machine voting always goes to the DEMS after republicans lead to the tune of 52/48% .Almost like it’s an algorithm that goes the same way every time.
27 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget BrokenWolf2022 68 points 7 days ago Don't forget the part where the years long investigation of the fraud leads to nobody being held responsible. It's tradition. permalink award report block reply O__Q 41 points 7 days ago Meddler On The Roof permalink parent award report block reply thistlemitten 22 points 6 days ago Holy fuck, that's clever. permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 6 days ago This while people like you are crying that Elon Musk is about to crackdown on this kind of shit. Clever yes, moral, not at all. permalink parent award report block reply riceball99 23 points 6 days ago Yeah, it's a mathematical impossibility that any election on a national scale is ever neck-to-neck, let alone consistently (algorithmically) within the margin of error to where it doesn't meet the threshold for an audit. permalink award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 16 points 6 days ago If it's not 52/48, it's 51/49. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 8 points 6 days ago I would really like to see an analysis to determine if elections have always been necknneck like they seem today. I would be more surprised to learn that some elections aren't controlled today than to learn that all elections are controlled. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 14 points 6 days ago Nixon won so drastically they had to run hoaxes on him to get him out of the way. permalink parent award report block reply WayUpHigh 11 points 6 days ago I remember right after the 2020 elections, people were talking about some kind of voting software program that would 'automatically' flip the vote IF the percentages were within about 7% of each other.  Then......crickets. permalink award report block reply FractalRoar 2 points 6 days ago Every one of over 200 Cast Vote Records (showing the vote count sequence at a county level) obtained for the 2020 election show the same pattern. Regardless of how the tally has been going, late in the counting ballots appear in a fixed ratio until a pre-determined outcome is reached. permalink parent award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 7 points 6 days ago I'm just surprised, after all those people were arrested, tried, and hanged 'til dead for stealing the 2020 election, that there are still people willing to steal elections. Didn't they learn their lesson when all those people were punished severely for stealing the 2020 election? permalink award report block reply sanitaryshaver 6 points 6 days ago Feature not bug. permalink award report block reply 24601 4 points 6 days ago 2025 was most likely 100% legit for Registered voters. There's a huge problem with illegal aliens being registered voters.  However, beyond that, 2025 was about the Communists yearning to Charlie Kirk all of us. 2025 was about the success of the Communist 2 minutes hate for normal people. permalink award report block reply Trump737 3 points 6 days ago Or 50.5 to 49.5 You know for “hope” permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 6 days ago Copying the software's a waste of time. It's been baked into the chips now. permalink award report block reply bicentennial_john 3 points 6 days ago It can go to the republican if they are uniparty (most are) and it has (see congress) permalink award report block reply Error404 2 points 6 days ago Check out Edward K Solomon's work permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 6 days ago Just outside the range of an automatic recount... permalink award report block reply Jetjockey 2 points 6 days ago And their too lazy/stupid to change the algorithm permalink award report block reply Dev404 2 points 6 days ago The Maricopa Audit has court-admissible proof of election fraud, but this administration won't move on it. permalink award report block reply GarudaDarkblack 1 points 6 days ago Creating a custom algorithm for each election in each county takes time. If something works, don't fix it. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 6 days ago We can't vote our way out of Crony Capitalism permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 6 days ago A fun demonstration would be to change the automatic recount threshold to 52% and watch every election thereafter be 53/47. permalink award report block reply TheDarkEmperor 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
BrokenWolf2022 68 points 7 days ago Don't forget the part where the years long investigation of the fraud leads to nobody being held responsible. It's tradition. permalink award report block reply O__Q 41 points 7 days ago Meddler On The Roof permalink parent award report block reply thistlemitten 22 points 6 days ago Holy fuck, that's clever. permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 6 days ago This while people like you are crying that Elon Musk is about to crackdown on this kind of shit. Clever yes, moral, not at all. permalink parent award report block reply
O__Q 41 points 7 days ago Meddler On The Roof permalink parent award report block reply thistlemitten 22 points 6 days ago Holy fuck, that's clever. permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 6 days ago This while people like you are crying that Elon Musk is about to crackdown on this kind of shit. Clever yes, moral, not at all. permalink parent award report block reply
thistlemitten 22 points 6 days ago Holy fuck, that's clever. permalink parent award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 6 days ago This while people like you are crying that Elon Musk is about to crackdown on this kind of shit. Clever yes, moral, not at all. permalink parent award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 6 days ago This while people like you are crying that Elon Musk is about to crackdown on this kind of shit. Clever yes, moral, not at all. permalink parent award report block reply
riceball99 23 points 6 days ago Yeah, it's a mathematical impossibility that any election on a national scale is ever neck-to-neck, let alone consistently (algorithmically) within the margin of error to where it doesn't meet the threshold for an audit. permalink award report block reply MakingArrowsOrange 16 points 6 days ago If it's not 52/48, it's 51/49. permalink parent award report block reply barefootozark 8 points 6 days ago I would really like to see an analysis to determine if elections have always been necknneck like they seem today. I would be more surprised to learn that some elections aren't controlled today than to learn that all elections are controlled. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 14 points 6 days ago Nixon won so drastically they had to run hoaxes on him to get him out of the way. permalink parent award report block reply
MakingArrowsOrange 16 points 6 days ago If it's not 52/48, it's 51/49. permalink parent award report block reply
barefootozark 8 points 6 days ago I would really like to see an analysis to determine if elections have always been necknneck like they seem today. I would be more surprised to learn that some elections aren't controlled today than to learn that all elections are controlled. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 14 points 6 days ago Nixon won so drastically they had to run hoaxes on him to get him out of the way. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 14 points 6 days ago Nixon won so drastically they had to run hoaxes on him to get him out of the way. permalink parent award report block reply
WayUpHigh 11 points 6 days ago I remember right after the 2020 elections, people were talking about some kind of voting software program that would 'automatically' flip the vote IF the percentages were within about 7% of each other.  Then......crickets. permalink award report block reply FractalRoar 2 points 6 days ago Every one of over 200 Cast Vote Records (showing the vote count sequence at a county level) obtained for the 2020 election show the same pattern. Regardless of how the tally has been going, late in the counting ballots appear in a fixed ratio until a pre-determined outcome is reached. permalink parent award report block reply
FractalRoar 2 points 6 days ago Every one of over 200 Cast Vote Records (showing the vote count sequence at a county level) obtained for the 2020 election show the same pattern. Regardless of how the tally has been going, late in the counting ballots appear in a fixed ratio until a pre-determined outcome is reached. permalink parent award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 7 points 6 days ago I'm just surprised, after all those people were arrested, tried, and hanged 'til dead for stealing the 2020 election, that there are still people willing to steal elections. Didn't they learn their lesson when all those people were punished severely for stealing the 2020 election? permalink award report block reply
sanitaryshaver 6 points 6 days ago Feature not bug. permalink award report block reply
24601 4 points 6 days ago 2025 was most likely 100% legit for Registered voters. There's a huge problem with illegal aliens being registered voters.  However, beyond that, 2025 was about the Communists yearning to Charlie Kirk all of us. 2025 was about the success of the Communist 2 minutes hate for normal people. permalink award report block reply
Trump737 3 points 6 days ago Or 50.5 to 49.5 You know for “hope” permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 6 days ago Copying the software's a waste of time. It's been baked into the chips now. permalink award report block reply
bicentennial_john 3 points 6 days ago It can go to the republican if they are uniparty (most are) and it has (see congress) permalink award report block reply
Error404 2 points 6 days ago Check out Edward K Solomon's work permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 6 days ago Just outside the range of an automatic recount... permalink award report block reply
Jetjockey 2 points 6 days ago And their too lazy/stupid to change the algorithm permalink award report block reply
Dev404 2 points 6 days ago The Maricopa Audit has court-admissible proof of election fraud, but this administration won't move on it. permalink award report block reply
GarudaDarkblack 1 points 6 days ago Creating a custom algorithm for each election in each county takes time. If something works, don't fix it. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 6 days ago We can't vote our way out of Crony Capitalism permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 6 days ago A fun demonstration would be to change the automatic recount threshold to 52% and watch every election thereafter be 53/47. permalink award report block reply
TheDarkEmperor 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply