49 I guess we have our theme for the Midterms: Foreign Influence. Didn't expect it. Trump chose it. Pedro, the guy mowing your lawn vs. India, Israel, China. I will go with Pedro. In 30 years his kids will be invested in the US, while India, Israel, China will still be sucking us dry. posted 2 hours ago by breadbaker 14 comments award share report block Congrats, Pedro. Go to church, light a candle and thank the Lord for your fortune that Papa Trump got too old to do the right things.
14 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style MuslimsWorshipSatan 11 points 2 hours ago I choose none of the above. permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 3 points 2 hours ago You don't need to. It will be chosen for you, unless you go out in the streets, in the meeting rooms of local government, the Sunday brunch with some elected official where you start sitting on the periphery, take some calls from people who know people and need your little slice of real world expertise. And go out and collect signatures, get people registered, and speak out. Keyboard warriors are ok, but not that effective usually. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 27 minutes ago I've been trying the meeting rooms of local government since 2015 along with many in our area. The GOP is full blown evil and every bit as cutthroat as the dems. See what they even pulled off in Michigan when the Trump faction took over the convention? The GOPe went and declared themselves the actual GOP, sued us, ran their own convention, and were backed up by GOPe judges. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 7 points 2 hours ago Pedro's kids will be in the streets burning shit and yelling "fuck America" in Spanish. permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 4 points 2 hours ago The kids speak English. Pedro might not. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 hours ago In 30 years they won't. permalink parent award report block reply Jalapeno_gringo 4 points 2 hours ago And Pedro is likely a Christian. Orale pues permalink award report block reply davidanderson90 -1 points 2 hours ago A fake Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply UntakenUsername 4 points 2 hours ago Yay! Shit sandwiches for everyone! permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 3 points 2 hours ago Nothing different than we had on the menu from the war on terror to the end of Obama and through the blunderyears of  Biden. permalink parent award report block reply UntakenUsername 1 points 2 hours ago This feels like some crazy dream. It's insane. I never could have imagined that we would be here last November. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 2 hours ago breadbaker OP 1 points 2 hours ago I will put you down for India, Israel, China? or just some? permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
MuslimsWorshipSatan 11 points 2 hours ago I choose none of the above. permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 3 points 2 hours ago You don't need to. It will be chosen for you, unless you go out in the streets, in the meeting rooms of local government, the Sunday brunch with some elected official where you start sitting on the periphery, take some calls from people who know people and need your little slice of real world expertise. And go out and collect signatures, get people registered, and speak out. Keyboard warriors are ok, but not that effective usually. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 27 minutes ago I've been trying the meeting rooms of local government since 2015 along with many in our area. The GOP is full blown evil and every bit as cutthroat as the dems. See what they even pulled off in Michigan when the Trump faction took over the convention? The GOPe went and declared themselves the actual GOP, sued us, ran their own convention, and were backed up by GOPe judges. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker OP 3 points 2 hours ago You don't need to. It will be chosen for you, unless you go out in the streets, in the meeting rooms of local government, the Sunday brunch with some elected official where you start sitting on the periphery, take some calls from people who know people and need your little slice of real world expertise. And go out and collect signatures, get people registered, and speak out. Keyboard warriors are ok, but not that effective usually. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 27 minutes ago I've been trying the meeting rooms of local government since 2015 along with many in our area. The GOP is full blown evil and every bit as cutthroat as the dems. See what they even pulled off in Michigan when the Trump faction took over the convention? The GOPe went and declared themselves the actual GOP, sued us, ran their own convention, and were backed up by GOPe judges. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 1 points 27 minutes ago I've been trying the meeting rooms of local government since 2015 along with many in our area. The GOP is full blown evil and every bit as cutthroat as the dems. See what they even pulled off in Michigan when the Trump faction took over the convention? The GOPe went and declared themselves the actual GOP, sued us, ran their own convention, and were backed up by GOPe judges. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 7 points 2 hours ago Pedro's kids will be in the streets burning shit and yelling "fuck America" in Spanish. permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 4 points 2 hours ago The kids speak English. Pedro might not. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 hours ago In 30 years they won't. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker OP 4 points 2 hours ago The kids speak English. Pedro might not. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 hours ago In 30 years they won't. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 2 points 2 hours ago In 30 years they won't. permalink parent award report block reply
Jalapeno_gringo 4 points 2 hours ago And Pedro is likely a Christian. Orale pues permalink award report block reply davidanderson90 -1 points 2 hours ago A fake Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply
davidanderson90 -1 points 2 hours ago A fake Catholic. permalink parent award report block reply
UntakenUsername 4 points 2 hours ago Yay! Shit sandwiches for everyone! permalink award report block reply breadbaker OP 3 points 2 hours ago Nothing different than we had on the menu from the war on terror to the end of Obama and through the blunderyears of  Biden. permalink parent award report block reply UntakenUsername 1 points 2 hours ago This feels like some crazy dream. It's insane. I never could have imagined that we would be here last November. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker OP 3 points 2 hours ago Nothing different than we had on the menu from the war on terror to the end of Obama and through the blunderyears of  Biden. permalink parent award report block reply UntakenUsername 1 points 2 hours ago This feels like some crazy dream. It's insane. I never could have imagined that we would be here last November. permalink parent award report block reply
UntakenUsername 1 points 2 hours ago This feels like some crazy dream. It's insane. I never could have imagined that we would be here last November. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 2 points 2 hours ago breadbaker OP 1 points 2 hours ago I will put you down for India, Israel, China? or just some? permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker OP 1 points 2 hours ago I will put you down for India, Israel, China? or just some? permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 2 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply