425 Assistant Attorney General Harmeet Dhillon confirmed 75k independent voters in Chester County PA were not included on the poll book Tuesday. 

...that's a MASSIVE FAIL. So I think people can expect that there will be follow-up action... posted 3 days ago by blue5707 16 comments award share report block Catherine Herridge @C__Herridge • 3d EXCLUSIVE:  Assistant Attorney General Harmeet Dhillon @AAGDhillon confirmed 75k independent voters in Chester County PA were not included on the poll book Tuesday. “...that's a massive fail. So I think people can expect that there will be follow-up action from @AGPamBondi
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Counterwhat 12 points 3 days ago Too late. The polls are closed. Now you're in the insurrection territory. permalink award report block reply Thomm 11 points 3 days ago Tune into Fox News tonight at 9 to see Pam’s follow up action! permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Our wonderful grrlboss in charge will really talk tough about shit that'll happen eventually... When she gets around to it! permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 2 days ago Amazing how far blonde hair and big tits can get incompetents. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 5 points 2 days ago There will not be follow-up action. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 1 points 2 days ago Nay, there will be both whining AND complaining! permalink parent award report block reply Assault-Covfefe 5 points 2 days ago That last sentence tells me all I need to know about this issue going forward. permalink award report block reply whitman_99 3 points 2 days ago Ya expect blondie to do nothing. permalink award report block reply MemeWarsVet 2 points 2 days ago follow-up action permalink award report block reply elgordo 2 points 2 days ago Its not a fail, it is ELECTION FRAUD! They always attribute these things to incompetence. Wake up people. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 2 days ago I'd assume people should not in fact expect any follow up action, other than the usual pissing and moaning about it. permalink award report block reply Steve56775 2 points 2 days ago No standing! permalink award report block reply OZJRant 2 points 2 days ago Nope … no standing in the courts
Geez we been here b4 ? permalink award report block reply Quietam_Unum 1 points 2 days ago 75k independent voters in Chester County PA were not included on the poll book Tuesday. Insufficient data.  Was that 75 thousand of the independent voters weren't printed in the poll books or all of the independent voters totaling 75K weren't printed in the poll books?  Subtle distinction but if the latter, that means some DBA (a breed related to used-car salesmen) forgot to specify a keyword on the search-and-extract from the master database.  [stupidity]  Otherwise, if it was a portion of the independent voters that is clear malice. [evil] permalink award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 2 days ago If by 'follow up action' you mean sternly worded letters, yeah, sure. permalink award report block reply
Counterwhat 12 points 3 days ago Too late. The polls are closed. Now you're in the insurrection territory. permalink award report block reply
Thomm 11 points 3 days ago Tune into Fox News tonight at 9 to see Pam’s follow up action! permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Our wonderful grrlboss in charge will really talk tough about shit that'll happen eventually... When she gets around to it! permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 2 days ago Amazing how far blonde hair and big tits can get incompetents. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 days ago Our wonderful grrlboss in charge will really talk tough about shit that'll happen eventually... When she gets around to it! permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 2 days ago Amazing how far blonde hair and big tits can get incompetents. permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 2 days ago Amazing how far blonde hair and big tits can get incompetents. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 5 points 2 days ago There will not be follow-up action. permalink award report block reply edxzxz 1 points 2 days ago Nay, there will be both whining AND complaining! permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 1 points 2 days ago Nay, there will be both whining AND complaining! permalink parent award report block reply
Assault-Covfefe 5 points 2 days ago That last sentence tells me all I need to know about this issue going forward. permalink award report block reply
whitman_99 3 points 2 days ago Ya expect blondie to do nothing. permalink award report block reply
MemeWarsVet 2 points 2 days ago follow-up action permalink award report block reply
elgordo 2 points 2 days ago Its not a fail, it is ELECTION FRAUD! They always attribute these things to incompetence. Wake up people. permalink award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 2 days ago I'd assume people should not in fact expect any follow up action, other than the usual pissing and moaning about it. permalink award report block reply
Steve56775 2 points 2 days ago No standing! permalink award report block reply
OZJRant 2 points 2 days ago Nope … no standing in the courts
Geez we been here b4 ? permalink award report block reply
Quietam_Unum 1 points 2 days ago 75k independent voters in Chester County PA were not included on the poll book Tuesday. Insufficient data.  Was that 75 thousand of the independent voters weren't printed in the poll books or all of the independent voters totaling 75K weren't printed in the poll books?  Subtle distinction but if the latter, that means some DBA (a breed related to used-car salesmen) forgot to specify a keyword on the search-and-extract from the master database.  [stupidity]  Otherwise, if it was a portion of the independent voters that is clear malice. [evil] permalink award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 1 points 2 days ago If by 'follow up action' you mean sternly worded letters, yeah, sure. permalink award report block reply