10 Trump-obsessed writer Michael Wolff encouraged Jeffrey Epstein to blackmail then-presidential candidate, emails reveal (nypost.com) posted 36 minutes ago by rdvs34283 2 comments award share report block Trump-obsessed writer Michael Wolff encouraged Jeffrey Epstein to blackmail then-presidential candidate, emails reveal The Trump-obsessed writer’s email exchanges with Epstein were among the trove of documents released by the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday. nypost.com
2 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style redditadminssuckit 1 points 24 minutes ago Epstein was proposing "...what if I said xyz about Trump" to see how it could be parlayed. This is a common liars (and lawyers) tactic to create a question of guilt in the mind of the listener, even if the statement isn't true. For example. Billy says:  "How would the boss feel if I told him John was stealing from the till every day?" to deflect from his own theft of inventory. Now the focus is on John,  even though John had done nothing. permalink award report block reply newestofnew 1 points 33 minutes ago no he didn't. he stated the reality. if you do a favor for someone they owe you one. literally how every job site works. favors and looking out for someone is a currency of its own. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 1 points 24 minutes ago Epstein was proposing "...what if I said xyz about Trump" to see how it could be parlayed. This is a common liars (and lawyers) tactic to create a question of guilt in the mind of the listener, even if the statement isn't true. For example. Billy says:  "How would the boss feel if I told him John was stealing from the till every day?" to deflect from his own theft of inventory. Now the focus is on John,  even though John had done nothing. permalink award report block reply
newestofnew 1 points 33 minutes ago no he didn't. he stated the reality. if you do a favor for someone they owe you one. literally how every job site works. favors and looking out for someone is a currency of its own. permalink award report block reply