196 We need to talk posted 6 hours ago by iteachfuckinscience 13 comments award share report block My family was destroyed when my democrat step mother murdered my father by forcing him to take the jab. He was a marine, a hero, and poisoned by the United States government with Agent Orange. It took 40 years for the VA to give him Hundo - then a clot shot did him in. He even tried escaping the hospital, but Fauci protocol remdesivir shut down his kidneys. Lungs filled up with fluid and he drowned in bed alone because no one was allowed to enter the Florida hospital room. Thanks, Covid protocols. We have to talk. My family all attended the Charlie Kirk memorial in Glendale Arizona. Now they hate Tucker and worship Israel. What the fuck. I’m sorry but I am not bowing down to some other country. I don’t care which one. I am America first and proud of it. This sucking other countries dicks bullshit needs to end right the fuck now. It is abundantly clear in our motto AMERICA FIRST AND Trump - dude. We believe in you. PUT AMERICA FIRST. Semper Fi, Dad.
13 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save The Real Story Behind His Exit No One Saw Coming Read More Ads by Ad.Style phlons 20 points 6 hours ago America first is dead, its should be AMERICA ONLY permalink award report block reply iteachfuckinscience OP 15 points 6 hours ago Hear hear permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 12 points 6 hours ago So Charlie was all in for "Israel" in early 2025... but over the Summer he began to see critical information that exposed a ton of problems...   He investigated and flipped on Bibi and IDF and other power players there...  Asking 'Explain the 20 hours'... or just "20 hours" - That is apparently the DELAY in response by the IDF to fight back against the Oct 7attack.  Charlie has been to that border - it is the TIGHTEST Guarded Border on the planet - the high tech and auto machine guns would make your head spin - NO ONE gets to within half a mile of that wall with out a million alarms/sirens going off.  But they did - magically.  And the military response allowed for all kinds of time not just to get in - but to raid homes - and take hostages - AND THEN GET OUT. And so - here we are. ALSO - see this story coming out today - https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9mHmhm/megyn-kelly-drops-bombshell-cli/c/ permalink award report block reply iteachfuckinscience OP 10 points 5 hours ago Plus Israel invented Hamas permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 7 points 5 hours ago yes. I really wish Israel would just go to war against all Islam.... permalink parent award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer 2 points 37 minutes ago I really wish that they could both lose their little sand war. permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 12 points 6 hours ago this golden age better start soon we are fucking doomed permalink award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 8 points 4 hours ago OP, I know this might be painful to hear, but you might want to look into a lawyer. I had kidney failure once. The doctors tried to jump start my kidneys by putting me on 6 IV drips. They thought more fluids in might stimulate the body to move fluids out. The doctor forgot to remove the drips and left them.flowing waaaaay longer than they were supposed to. My body swelled up like a ballon and, eventually the liquid began to fill my lungs because it had nowhere left to go. A conscientious nurse noticed and closed the drips and it still almost killed me. A lot of prayers were said over my bed and surviving was still a one in a million thing.
You might want to explore the possibility of a medical malpractice claim, because your story sounds similar. I am very sorry for your loss, and wish that I could thank your father for his service. permalink award report block reply God-is-good 7 points 4 hours ago Glad you’re still with us. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 4 hours ago A literal miracle. Nothing to do with me. It was all Him. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago God is good! permalink parent award report block reply RolandDelacroix 4 points 4 hours ago The core malaise affecting the entire West right now is Men refusing to stand up to their Women, on a mass scale. permalink award report block reply Briben 2 points 3 hours ago Neither Tucker nor anyone in media is your friend.  Go to church, raise a family and tech your children to love themselves, their family and friends.  All else is a croc. permalink award report block reply
phlons 20 points 6 hours ago America first is dead, its should be AMERICA ONLY permalink award report block reply iteachfuckinscience OP 15 points 6 hours ago Hear hear permalink parent award report block reply
iteachfuckinscience OP 15 points 6 hours ago Hear hear permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 12 points 6 hours ago So Charlie was all in for "Israel" in early 2025... but over the Summer he began to see critical information that exposed a ton of problems...   He investigated and flipped on Bibi and IDF and other power players there...  Asking 'Explain the 20 hours'... or just "20 hours" - That is apparently the DELAY in response by the IDF to fight back against the Oct 7attack.  Charlie has been to that border - it is the TIGHTEST Guarded Border on the planet - the high tech and auto machine guns would make your head spin - NO ONE gets to within half a mile of that wall with out a million alarms/sirens going off.  But they did - magically.  And the military response allowed for all kinds of time not just to get in - but to raid homes - and take hostages - AND THEN GET OUT. And so - here we are. ALSO - see this story coming out today - https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9mHmhm/megyn-kelly-drops-bombshell-cli/c/ permalink award report block reply iteachfuckinscience OP 10 points 5 hours ago Plus Israel invented Hamas permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 7 points 5 hours ago yes. I really wish Israel would just go to war against all Islam.... permalink parent award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer 2 points 37 minutes ago I really wish that they could both lose their little sand war. permalink parent award report block reply
iteachfuckinscience OP 10 points 5 hours ago Plus Israel invented Hamas permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 7 points 5 hours ago yes. I really wish Israel would just go to war against all Islam.... permalink parent award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer 2 points 37 minutes ago I really wish that they could both lose their little sand war. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 7 points 5 hours ago yes. I really wish Israel would just go to war against all Islam.... permalink parent award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer 2 points 37 minutes ago I really wish that they could both lose their little sand war. permalink parent award report block reply
LiteraIIyHitIer 2 points 37 minutes ago I really wish that they could both lose their little sand war. permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 12 points 6 hours ago this golden age better start soon we are fucking doomed permalink award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 8 points 4 hours ago OP, I know this might be painful to hear, but you might want to look into a lawyer. I had kidney failure once. The doctors tried to jump start my kidneys by putting me on 6 IV drips. They thought more fluids in might stimulate the body to move fluids out. The doctor forgot to remove the drips and left them.flowing waaaaay longer than they were supposed to. My body swelled up like a ballon and, eventually the liquid began to fill my lungs because it had nowhere left to go. A conscientious nurse noticed and closed the drips and it still almost killed me. A lot of prayers were said over my bed and surviving was still a one in a million thing.
You might want to explore the possibility of a medical malpractice claim, because your story sounds similar. I am very sorry for your loss, and wish that I could thank your father for his service. permalink award report block reply God-is-good 7 points 4 hours ago Glad you’re still with us. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 4 hours ago A literal miracle. Nothing to do with me. It was all Him. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago God is good! permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 7 points 4 hours ago Glad you’re still with us. permalink parent award report block reply Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 4 hours ago A literal miracle. Nothing to do with me. It was all Him. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago God is good! permalink parent award report block reply
Side_o_beef_curtains 6 points 4 hours ago A literal miracle. Nothing to do with me. It was all Him. permalink parent award report block reply God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago God is good! permalink parent award report block reply
God-is-good 4 points 4 hours ago God is good! permalink parent award report block reply
RolandDelacroix 4 points 4 hours ago The core malaise affecting the entire West right now is Men refusing to stand up to their Women, on a mass scale. permalink award report block reply
Briben 2 points 3 hours ago Neither Tucker nor anyone in media is your friend.  Go to church, raise a family and tech your children to love themselves, their family and friends.  All else is a croc. permalink award report block reply