34 Beloved female pharmacy student, 26, shot and killed by friend who got paranoid after they smoked weed together, cops say (www.dailymail.co.uk) posted 9 hours ago by 1DontTreadOnMe1 18 comments award share report block Student, 26, 'killed by friend after they smoked weed together' Ariel Spillner, 26, was killed on November 4 after spending the evening celebrating the birthday of her friend Jamica Mills, 32,  in Milwaukee. www.dailymail.co.uk
18 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web SHILL_DETECTOR 11 points 9 hours ago scott adams was right permalink award report block reply reversethefraud 7 points 9 hours ago Straight to violence. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 6 points 9 hours ago What a load of shit I cannot believe courts are letting people say marijuana induced psychosis caused them to murder. permalink award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 2 points 3 hours ago It's like claiming you snorted a big pile of cocaine and it made you take a nap! permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 2 points 8 hours ago Murder a twinkie, maybe. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 5 points 9 hours ago How much longer are we going to tolerate trash slow roll genociding Whites? permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 1 points 8 hours ago Decent chance both of them had sycle cell permalink parent award report block reply ltbadpuppy 4 points 8 hours ago So she killed her, then shot herself in the stomach to hide it as "she attacked me first", realized it was a stupid as shit defense and then changed her story to it was the weed. I'm sure it was totally the weed and not a way for ONLY WOMEN to get out of murder charges permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 3 points 8 hours ago White girl ate the last pizza pocket permalink parent award report block reply AnnieMm 2 points 8 hours ago Bullshit permalink award report block reply Man0lo 2 points 8 hours ago I'm surprised they didn't blame the gun this time. permalink award report block reply JoePlumber 1 points 8 hours ago Lol the tone is intended to blame cannabis for the murder instead of the crazy fucking ape who murdered someone. permalink award report block reply oldftg 1 points 8 hours ago HORSESHIT permalink award report block reply 45isthebomb 0 points 7 hours ago Only dopes use dope. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 0 points 7 hours ago Stay away from modern pot. And do not relax permalink award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 3 hours ago Modern pot is awesome. This oldster is a big fan. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania -1 points 7 hours ago The irony is there are an almost infinite number of crimes committed by people while on pot (100% of black criminals are high on pot), but pot will never be appropriately attributed. And, unsurprisingly, a lot of useless pot heads in the comments. permalink award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 11 points 9 hours ago scott adams was right permalink award report block reply
reversethefraud 7 points 9 hours ago Straight to violence. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 6 points 9 hours ago What a load of shit I cannot believe courts are letting people say marijuana induced psychosis caused them to murder. permalink award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 2 points 3 hours ago It's like claiming you snorted a big pile of cocaine and it made you take a nap! permalink parent award report block reply LiquidSun 2 points 8 hours ago Murder a twinkie, maybe. permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysBeaverMunch 2 points 3 hours ago It's like claiming you snorted a big pile of cocaine and it made you take a nap! permalink parent award report block reply
LiquidSun 2 points 8 hours ago Murder a twinkie, maybe. permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 5 points 9 hours ago How much longer are we going to tolerate trash slow roll genociding Whites? permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 1 points 8 hours ago Decent chance both of them had sycle cell permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 1 points 8 hours ago Decent chance both of them had sycle cell permalink parent award report block reply
ltbadpuppy 4 points 8 hours ago So she killed her, then shot herself in the stomach to hide it as "she attacked me first", realized it was a stupid as shit defense and then changed her story to it was the weed. I'm sure it was totally the weed and not a way for ONLY WOMEN to get out of murder charges permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 3 points 8 hours ago White girl ate the last pizza pocket permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 3 points 8 hours ago White girl ate the last pizza pocket permalink parent award report block reply
AnnieMm 2 points 8 hours ago Bullshit permalink award report block reply
Man0lo 2 points 8 hours ago I'm surprised they didn't blame the gun this time. permalink award report block reply
JoePlumber 1 points 8 hours ago Lol the tone is intended to blame cannabis for the murder instead of the crazy fucking ape who murdered someone. permalink award report block reply
oldftg 1 points 8 hours ago HORSESHIT permalink award report block reply
45isthebomb 0 points 7 hours ago Only dopes use dope. permalink award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 0 points 7 hours ago Stay away from modern pot. And do not relax permalink award report block reply HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 3 hours ago Modern pot is awesome. This oldster is a big fan. permalink parent award report block reply
HillarysBeaverMunch 1 points 3 hours ago Modern pot is awesome. This oldster is a big fan. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania -1 points 7 hours ago The irony is there are an almost infinite number of crimes committed by people while on pot (100% of black criminals are high on pot), but pot will never be appropriately attributed. And, unsurprisingly, a lot of useless pot heads in the comments. permalink award report block reply