251 Ben Shapiro runs to CNN to cry foul posted 4 days ago by WokeYoke 41 comments award share report block ADAM @AdameMedia • 5d Ben Shapiro runs to CNN to denounce his political opponents like Tucker Carlson as RACISTS and BIGOTS for not serving Israel. He is the epitome of cancel culture and identity politics. He is cancer to the west.
41 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Grows Back! At Any Stage of Baldness HaloGrow Trump4Infinity 21 points 4 days ago Let me guess all the people defending his side the last 2 weeks are going to pretend he's not on CNN calling for the censorship of those on the right that have a larger audience and disagree about his homeland, Israel. Him and his whole family should probably leave the US soon before information comes out that makes it so they can't leave. permalink award report block reply sordfysh PRO 18 points 4 days ago Ben Shapiro is calling Trump an anti-semite. Listen to what he says. Survive his annoying voice for 2 minutes. Ben Shapiro has become fully left permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 14 points 4 days ago Always was. permalink parent award report block reply Shookup3 11 points 4 days ago He's not a leftist, he's a Jewish supremacist. It's worse because he has no allegiance to anyone but his tribe, whichever way the political wind blows. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 9 points 4 days ago Most Jews for the last 170 years have been leftists. Most communist and socialist riots from the 1840's to the 1930's were either Jewish in origin or had disproportionately Jewish activist numbers: the vast majority of the Foreign Legion in the Spanish Civil war from the USA were Jewish despite them making up insignificant numbers in the USA Leftism has always been Jewish, and the way leftists dance around and abuse rules and laws is identical to the way many Jewish ceremonies and Talmudic verses dance around and abuse the Old Testament lessons and Commandments. permalink parent award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago Marx, Engels, Trotsky. Communism has always been jewish. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Mao? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago You're describing a leftist. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 3 days ago Benji was an original Never Trump faggot. He did everything in his power to keep Trump from being elected in 2016. permalink parent award report block reply breadbaker 13 points 4 days ago They look like a gay couple arguing on daytime tv who gets the pomeranian after the breakup. permalink award report block reply thelastlast 10 points 4 days ago is this what its like when they lose their hold over nations?  they reveal themselves more and more? permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 6 points 4 days ago Culminating in the Samson Option. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 3 points 4 days ago highly Jewish Vienna lead Weimar Germany gives way to Hitler IMMEDIATELY in response: "Judea declares war on Germany" permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Similar to the dangerous period when a spouse is trying to leave their abuser. permalink parent award report block reply raid 9 points 4 days ago This is perfect. Ben stands on the ADLs shoulders to make his point. He is fracturing himself out, not Tucker. The funny thing is there was room for me to agree with Tucker on some things and Ben on others. Now, I will dismiss Ben out of hand. I wonder if Ben is a dual citizen? I don't trust any political "leader" with dual citizenship to any country btw. permalink award report block reply curiousorganelle 3 points 4 days ago All jews have the right of return allowing them to emigrate to israel at any time from any country, it's basically dual citizenship without calling it that. permalink parent award report block reply Double_D 7 points 4 days ago What a faggot permalink award report block reply steve_jerbs 6 points 4 days ago Shapiro is an Israel-first Jew. permalink award report block reply Gletkin 1 points 4 days ago 100%. That is his top priority, same as for example Chuck Schumer. permalink parent award report block reply AnnieMm 5 points 4 days ago What a wimp! permalink award report block reply wmmiv2016v2 5 points 4 days ago This guy is, as the Zionists say, the "woke right" for all his attempts at cancelling those who disagree with him. permalink award report block reply Tacitus1963 3 points 4 days ago I wish he would just piss off to Israel as it's pretty obvious, he is an Israel-firster like Mark Levin, Jared Kushner, and many more of them. permalink award report block reply half-blacktrump 3 points 4 days ago Never trusted. Always chased numbers to get money permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 4 days ago Always has been. permalink award report block reply WokeYoke OP 3 points 4 days ago Run boy run  🏃‍♂️ permalink award report block reply I_have_lady_parts-2 2 points 4 days ago If you squint... hes actually turning into the H man... permalink award report block reply Dangerous 1 points 4 days ago They have always been what they accuse others to be. permalink parent award report block reply 3stepsahead 2 points 4 days ago Fuck him! permalink award report block reply zooty 2 points 4 days ago I never liked him even when he was saying things I liked. permalink award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago Warning: do not take a shot every time the word "antisemitic" is used. You will get alcohol poisoning. permalink award report block reply rushbaby1234 1 points 4 days ago Shutup little weirdo faggot permalink award report block reply invalid_data 1 points 4 days ago I knew Benny was a leftist when he simped over the covid vax. Wow the hysterics over Tucker exposes Israel as worthless. permalink award report block reply stillbringingitback 1 points 4 days ago God Bless Fuentes!  God Bless Tucker!  Deus Vult!!!!! permalink award report block reply barwhack 1 points 4 days ago Shappy has Israel 3.0 loyalties that outrank America First. He should move there. permalink award report block reply ConductProbation 1 points 3 days ago I read that first as "Slappy". I like that better. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 3 days ago They are close... EDIT: Froinlaven! permalink parent award report block reply Nate_Higgersalot 0 points 4 days ago Jews gonna Jew. permalink award report block reply HoodooOperator 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply rapskull 0 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply Nate_Higgersalot 0 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
Trump4Infinity 21 points 4 days ago Let me guess all the people defending his side the last 2 weeks are going to pretend he's not on CNN calling for the censorship of those on the right that have a larger audience and disagree about his homeland, Israel. Him and his whole family should probably leave the US soon before information comes out that makes it so they can't leave. permalink award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 18 points 4 days ago Ben Shapiro is calling Trump an anti-semite. Listen to what he says. Survive his annoying voice for 2 minutes. Ben Shapiro has become fully left permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 14 points 4 days ago Always was. permalink parent award report block reply Shookup3 11 points 4 days ago He's not a leftist, he's a Jewish supremacist. It's worse because he has no allegiance to anyone but his tribe, whichever way the political wind blows. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 9 points 4 days ago Most Jews for the last 170 years have been leftists. Most communist and socialist riots from the 1840's to the 1930's were either Jewish in origin or had disproportionately Jewish activist numbers: the vast majority of the Foreign Legion in the Spanish Civil war from the USA were Jewish despite them making up insignificant numbers in the USA Leftism has always been Jewish, and the way leftists dance around and abuse rules and laws is identical to the way many Jewish ceremonies and Talmudic verses dance around and abuse the Old Testament lessons and Commandments. permalink parent award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago Marx, Engels, Trotsky. Communism has always been jewish. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Mao? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago You're describing a leftist. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 3 days ago Benji was an original Never Trump faggot. He did everything in his power to keep Trump from being elected in 2016. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 14 points 4 days ago Always was. permalink parent award report block reply
Shookup3 11 points 4 days ago He's not a leftist, he's a Jewish supremacist. It's worse because he has no allegiance to anyone but his tribe, whichever way the political wind blows. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 9 points 4 days ago Most Jews for the last 170 years have been leftists. Most communist and socialist riots from the 1840's to the 1930's were either Jewish in origin or had disproportionately Jewish activist numbers: the vast majority of the Foreign Legion in the Spanish Civil war from the USA were Jewish despite them making up insignificant numbers in the USA Leftism has always been Jewish, and the way leftists dance around and abuse rules and laws is identical to the way many Jewish ceremonies and Talmudic verses dance around and abuse the Old Testament lessons and Commandments. permalink parent award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago Marx, Engels, Trotsky. Communism has always been jewish. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Mao? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago You're describing a leftist. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 9 points 4 days ago Most Jews for the last 170 years have been leftists. Most communist and socialist riots from the 1840's to the 1930's were either Jewish in origin or had disproportionately Jewish activist numbers: the vast majority of the Foreign Legion in the Spanish Civil war from the USA were Jewish despite them making up insignificant numbers in the USA Leftism has always been Jewish, and the way leftists dance around and abuse rules and laws is identical to the way many Jewish ceremonies and Talmudic verses dance around and abuse the Old Testament lessons and Commandments. permalink parent award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago Marx, Engels, Trotsky. Communism has always been jewish. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Mao? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago Marx, Engels, Trotsky. Communism has always been jewish. permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Mao? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago Mao? permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
sordfysh PRO 1 points 1 day ago You're describing a leftist. permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 1 points 3 days ago Benji was an original Never Trump faggot. He did everything in his power to keep Trump from being elected in 2016. permalink parent award report block reply
breadbaker 13 points 4 days ago They look like a gay couple arguing on daytime tv who gets the pomeranian after the breakup. permalink award report block reply
thelastlast 10 points 4 days ago is this what its like when they lose their hold over nations?  they reveal themselves more and more? permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 6 points 4 days ago Culminating in the Samson Option. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 3 points 4 days ago highly Jewish Vienna lead Weimar Germany gives way to Hitler IMMEDIATELY in response: "Judea declares war on Germany" permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Similar to the dangerous period when a spouse is trying to leave their abuser. permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 6 points 4 days ago Culminating in the Samson Option. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 3 points 4 days ago highly Jewish Vienna lead Weimar Germany gives way to Hitler IMMEDIATELY in response: "Judea declares war on Germany" permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 2 points 3 days ago Similar to the dangerous period when a spouse is trying to leave their abuser. permalink parent award report block reply
raid 9 points 4 days ago This is perfect. Ben stands on the ADLs shoulders to make his point. He is fracturing himself out, not Tucker. The funny thing is there was room for me to agree with Tucker on some things and Ben on others. Now, I will dismiss Ben out of hand. I wonder if Ben is a dual citizen? I don't trust any political "leader" with dual citizenship to any country btw. permalink award report block reply curiousorganelle 3 points 4 days ago All jews have the right of return allowing them to emigrate to israel at any time from any country, it's basically dual citizenship without calling it that. permalink parent award report block reply
curiousorganelle 3 points 4 days ago All jews have the right of return allowing them to emigrate to israel at any time from any country, it's basically dual citizenship without calling it that. permalink parent award report block reply
Double_D 7 points 4 days ago What a faggot permalink award report block reply
steve_jerbs 6 points 4 days ago Shapiro is an Israel-first Jew. permalink award report block reply Gletkin 1 points 4 days ago 100%. That is his top priority, same as for example Chuck Schumer. permalink parent award report block reply
Gletkin 1 points 4 days ago 100%. That is his top priority, same as for example Chuck Schumer. permalink parent award report block reply
AnnieMm 5 points 4 days ago What a wimp! permalink award report block reply
wmmiv2016v2 5 points 4 days ago This guy is, as the Zionists say, the "woke right" for all his attempts at cancelling those who disagree with him. permalink award report block reply
Tacitus1963 3 points 4 days ago I wish he would just piss off to Israel as it's pretty obvious, he is an Israel-firster like Mark Levin, Jared Kushner, and many more of them. permalink award report block reply
half-blacktrump 3 points 4 days ago Never trusted. Always chased numbers to get money permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 4 days ago Always has been. permalink award report block reply
WokeYoke OP 3 points 4 days ago Run boy run  🏃‍♂️ permalink award report block reply
I_have_lady_parts-2 2 points 4 days ago If you squint... hes actually turning into the H man... permalink award report block reply Dangerous 1 points 4 days ago They have always been what they accuse others to be. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 1 points 4 days ago They have always been what they accuse others to be. permalink parent award report block reply
3stepsahead 2 points 4 days ago Fuck him! permalink award report block reply
zooty 2 points 4 days ago I never liked him even when he was saying things I liked. permalink award report block reply
RagnarD 1 points 4 days ago Warning: do not take a shot every time the word "antisemitic" is used. You will get alcohol poisoning. permalink award report block reply
rushbaby1234 1 points 4 days ago Shutup little weirdo faggot permalink award report block reply
invalid_data 1 points 4 days ago I knew Benny was a leftist when he simped over the covid vax. Wow the hysterics over Tucker exposes Israel as worthless. permalink award report block reply
stillbringingitback 1 points 4 days ago God Bless Fuentes!  God Bless Tucker!  Deus Vult!!!!! permalink award report block reply
barwhack 1 points 4 days ago Shappy has Israel 3.0 loyalties that outrank America First. He should move there. permalink award report block reply ConductProbation 1 points 3 days ago I read that first as "Slappy". I like that better. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 3 days ago They are close... EDIT: Froinlaven! permalink parent award report block reply
ConductProbation 1 points 3 days ago I read that first as "Slappy". I like that better. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 0 points 3 days ago They are close... EDIT: Froinlaven! permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 0 points 3 days ago They are close... EDIT: Froinlaven! permalink parent award report block reply
Nate_Higgersalot 0 points 4 days ago Jews gonna Jew. permalink award report block reply
HoodooOperator 0 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
rapskull 0 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Nate_Higgersalot 0 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply