278 🚨 JUST IN: John Thune is HOLDING the Senate in session through the weekend, infuriating Democrats. They listened to President Trump, who said to NOT leave town until the government can open. 
BRING IT HOME! Make them cave! 🔥 🇺🇸 posted 5 days ago by LightBeacons 10 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 5d 🚨 JUST IN: John Thune is HOLDING the Senate in session through the weekend, infuriating Democrats. They listened to President Trump, who said to NOT leave town until the government can open. BRING IT HOME! Make them cave! 🔥 🇺🇸
10 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save brutustyberius 10 points 5 days ago Please do not give Thune any credit for anything. Nothing he does helps MAGA…nothing. permalink award report block reply Counterwhat 3 points 5 days ago Don't give them any room. Stop playing their game. permalink award report block reply AmannamedRJ 3 points 5 days ago The losses this week were a harrowing reminder that the war isn't over and MAGA is now mad and pointing it's ire at the GOP in ways it's never seen. I remind the GOP traitorous dogs that no amount of appeasement will placate the left's bloodthirst and hatred for you. They will always consider you a Nazi. They will always try to steal the wealth from you and your family. If you chose to work with them, We will laugh as your entire world comes crumbling down. As their insane whackjobs try to kill you. Do the right thing now for MAGA and bow out and we MIGHT be somewhat forgiving. permalink award report block reply Run_over_Antifa 3 points 5 days ago Keep it closed, I don't understand the urgency. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago If they wanted to listen to Trump, they WOULD END THE FILIBUSTER! permalink award report block reply TheWoodsman 2 points 5 days ago Hear me out: Abolish the government and replace it with nothing. permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 5 days ago He may convene both Houses. 📜🫡 permalink award report block reply Boomstikchik 2 points 5 days ago If our troops may not get paid - let these windbags stay all weekend and next weekend too. permalink award report block reply yodayoda 2 points 5 days ago nah, I'd rather not open the government. permalink award report block reply Grimarr 1 points 5 days ago Maybe some of the dems will be so drunk that they accidently vote for it.  lol permalink award report block reply
brutustyberius 10 points 5 days ago Please do not give Thune any credit for anything. Nothing he does helps MAGA…nothing. permalink award report block reply
Counterwhat 3 points 5 days ago Don't give them any room. Stop playing their game. permalink award report block reply
AmannamedRJ 3 points 5 days ago The losses this week were a harrowing reminder that the war isn't over and MAGA is now mad and pointing it's ire at the GOP in ways it's never seen. I remind the GOP traitorous dogs that no amount of appeasement will placate the left's bloodthirst and hatred for you. They will always consider you a Nazi. They will always try to steal the wealth from you and your family. If you chose to work with them, We will laugh as your entire world comes crumbling down. As their insane whackjobs try to kill you. Do the right thing now for MAGA and bow out and we MIGHT be somewhat forgiving. permalink award report block reply
Run_over_Antifa 3 points 5 days ago Keep it closed, I don't understand the urgency. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago If they wanted to listen to Trump, they WOULD END THE FILIBUSTER! permalink award report block reply
TheWoodsman 2 points 5 days ago Hear me out: Abolish the government and replace it with nothing. permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 5 days ago He may convene both Houses. 📜🫡 permalink award report block reply
Boomstikchik 2 points 5 days ago If our troops may not get paid - let these windbags stay all weekend and next weekend too. permalink award report block reply
yodayoda 2 points 5 days ago nah, I'd rather not open the government. permalink award report block reply
Grimarr 1 points 5 days ago Maybe some of the dems will be so drunk that they accidently vote for it.  lol permalink award report block reply