287 🚨 President Trump outlined the DAMAGE Democrats did by shutting the federal government down for several weeks. And it was all done for NOTHING posted 11 hours ago by LightBeacons 22 comments award share download report block
22 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Aggrieved03 9 points 11 hours ago Did we take advantage of it and fire people? permalink award report block reply Zskills 3 points 11 hours ago Yeah then they got rehired with back pay as part of the deal to end the shutdown permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 2 points 10 hours ago Nope. That was always a longshot chance of working for us due to unions and federal laws that protect federal employees. I'm glad he tried to do it, though. But too many idiots in MAGA country keep LARPing like unions and federal law protections don't exist for fed bureaucrats. All by design to try to make us hate Trump and blame him instead of RINOs and Democrats. And then when Trump is blocked from firing them the usual retards blame Trump instead of decades-old laws and unions. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 11 hours ago Nope. The best opportunity we will ever have wasted. I think that guy they called the grim reaper only let 4k go. permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 8 points 10 hours ago Meh. I barely even noticed it except for the food being cheaper without ebt and snap-tards being there to spike the price. That was nice. permalink award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 6 points 11 hours ago And this affected me how, exactly? Oh, right, it didn't. permalink award report block reply Zskills 5 points 11 hours ago 1.5 Trillion in economic damage?   Doubt. The government IS economic damage. permalink award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 hours ago No, you see…we spent $1.5T less.  and that money would have grifted right back into corporations like Walmart.  It’s just socialism with extra steps. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills 1 points 42 minutes ago Ahhh, economic damage to congressional donors.  The only real Americans. permalink parent award report block reply USDMaga 3 points 11 hours ago Good, he isn't letting it go.  He will  make them eat it day after day even after shutdown is over. permalink award report block reply MAGAguitar 2 points 11 hours ago The Diminishing D's permalink award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 11 hours ago Anyways. Are you still on that globalist faggot shit with H1Bs? If so, don’t give a fuck what comes out of this admin. permalink award report block reply possibletower -5 points 10 hours ago GFY, you libshit Redditor. Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS. We know you DeSimps are flinging shit at the wall now against Trump because you faggots didn't get your precious EBT riots that you hoped would happen so you could rage against Trump and blame him for chaos and anarchy while you promote Ron DeFaggot for 2028. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 1 points 2 hours ago Retarded take, as if a redditor would ever push back on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 10 hours ago What about the damage done by letting it exist at all? permalink award report block reply markolbb 1 points 28 minutes ago I thought we were all just complaining about EBT and government spending, now we're cheering that it has resumed? permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 1 points 11 hours ago It was done for Dem positioning to win the various elections, and I think the Dems think it worked ok for them.  We'll see this again soon if true. permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 10 hours ago So you think there was a huge amount of MAGA country in VA, NY, and NJ while you jerk off to red states getting redder over the past 10 years due to blue state emigration by GOP voters to red states? LMFAO at you chimping out over deep blue VA/NY/NJ voting for commies like always. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 1 points 10 hours ago That's a lot of angry words tinged with weird racial stuff you got there.  VA flips the Gov from R to D.  Mamdani got over a million votes, first time since 1969 for NYC mayoral.  While less important but still notable NJ kept the Gov D for a third consecutive time, which hasn't happened since the 60's. Like, they told us this was why. One Democratic senator who requested anonymity said if a small group of Democrats abandon the broader caucus’s position and vote to reopen the government in return for modest or even paltry concessions from Republicans, it would have a devastating effect on Democratic voters’ morale. permalink parent award report block reply BarrysOFace 0 points 11 hours ago I'm only seeing over refulation problems... permalink award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 0 points 11 hours ago I don't care about the last two points. Those are actually positives! permalink award report block reply dontsteponsnek 0 points 8 hours ago Government workers get BACKPAY, they are made entirely whole.  They essentially got a big two month long vacation, FULLY PAID.  So stop using it as a bullet point of pain. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 9 points 11 hours ago Did we take advantage of it and fire people? permalink award report block reply Zskills 3 points 11 hours ago Yeah then they got rehired with back pay as part of the deal to end the shutdown permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 2 points 10 hours ago Nope. That was always a longshot chance of working for us due to unions and federal laws that protect federal employees. I'm glad he tried to do it, though. But too many idiots in MAGA country keep LARPing like unions and federal law protections don't exist for fed bureaucrats. All by design to try to make us hate Trump and blame him instead of RINOs and Democrats. And then when Trump is blocked from firing them the usual retards blame Trump instead of decades-old laws and unions. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 2 points 11 hours ago Nope. The best opportunity we will ever have wasted. I think that guy they called the grim reaper only let 4k go. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 3 points 11 hours ago Yeah then they got rehired with back pay as part of the deal to end the shutdown permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 2 points 10 hours ago Nope. That was always a longshot chance of working for us due to unions and federal laws that protect federal employees. I'm glad he tried to do it, though. But too many idiots in MAGA country keep LARPing like unions and federal law protections don't exist for fed bureaucrats. All by design to try to make us hate Trump and blame him instead of RINOs and Democrats. And then when Trump is blocked from firing them the usual retards blame Trump instead of decades-old laws and unions. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 2 points 11 hours ago Nope. The best opportunity we will ever have wasted. I think that guy they called the grim reaper only let 4k go. permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 8 points 10 hours ago Meh. I barely even noticed it except for the food being cheaper without ebt and snap-tards being there to spike the price. That was nice. permalink award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 6 points 11 hours ago And this affected me how, exactly? Oh, right, it didn't. permalink award report block reply
Zskills 5 points 11 hours ago 1.5 Trillion in economic damage?   Doubt. The government IS economic damage. permalink award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 hours ago No, you see…we spent $1.5T less.  and that money would have grifted right back into corporations like Walmart.  It’s just socialism with extra steps. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills 1 points 42 minutes ago Ahhh, economic damage to congressional donors.  The only real Americans. permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 hours ago No, you see…we spent $1.5T less.  and that money would have grifted right back into corporations like Walmart.  It’s just socialism with extra steps. permalink parent award report block reply Zskills 1 points 42 minutes ago Ahhh, economic damage to congressional donors.  The only real Americans. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 1 points 42 minutes ago Ahhh, economic damage to congressional donors.  The only real Americans. permalink parent award report block reply
USDMaga 3 points 11 hours ago Good, he isn't letting it go.  He will  make them eat it day after day even after shutdown is over. permalink award report block reply
MAGAguitar 2 points 11 hours ago The Diminishing D's permalink award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 11 hours ago Anyways. Are you still on that globalist faggot shit with H1Bs? If so, don’t give a fuck what comes out of this admin. permalink award report block reply possibletower -5 points 10 hours ago GFY, you libshit Redditor. Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS. We know you DeSimps are flinging shit at the wall now against Trump because you faggots didn't get your precious EBT riots that you hoped would happen so you could rage against Trump and blame him for chaos and anarchy while you promote Ron DeFaggot for 2028. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 1 points 2 hours ago Retarded take, as if a redditor would ever push back on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 10 hours ago GFY, you libshit Redditor. Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS. We know you DeSimps are flinging shit at the wall now against Trump because you faggots didn't get your precious EBT riots that you hoped would happen so you could rage against Trump and blame him for chaos and anarchy while you promote Ron DeFaggot for 2028. permalink parent award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 1 points 2 hours ago Retarded take, as if a redditor would ever push back on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 1 points 2 hours ago Retarded take, as if a redditor would ever push back on H1Bs. permalink parent award report block reply
LordKuroTheGreat 1 points 10 hours ago What about the damage done by letting it exist at all? permalink award report block reply markolbb 1 points 28 minutes ago I thought we were all just complaining about EBT and government spending, now we're cheering that it has resumed? permalink parent award report block reply
markolbb 1 points 28 minutes ago I thought we were all just complaining about EBT and government spending, now we're cheering that it has resumed? permalink parent award report block reply
keeponwinning 1 points 11 hours ago It was done for Dem positioning to win the various elections, and I think the Dems think it worked ok for them.  We'll see this again soon if true. permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 10 hours ago So you think there was a huge amount of MAGA country in VA, NY, and NJ while you jerk off to red states getting redder over the past 10 years due to blue state emigration by GOP voters to red states? LMFAO at you chimping out over deep blue VA/NY/NJ voting for commies like always. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 1 points 10 hours ago That's a lot of angry words tinged with weird racial stuff you got there.  VA flips the Gov from R to D.  Mamdani got over a million votes, first time since 1969 for NYC mayoral.  While less important but still notable NJ kept the Gov D for a third consecutive time, which hasn't happened since the 60's. Like, they told us this was why. One Democratic senator who requested anonymity said if a small group of Democrats abandon the broader caucus’s position and vote to reopen the government in return for modest or even paltry concessions from Republicans, it would have a devastating effect on Democratic voters’ morale. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -1 points 10 hours ago So you think there was a huge amount of MAGA country in VA, NY, and NJ while you jerk off to red states getting redder over the past 10 years due to blue state emigration by GOP voters to red states? LMFAO at you chimping out over deep blue VA/NY/NJ voting for commies like always. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 1 points 10 hours ago That's a lot of angry words tinged with weird racial stuff you got there.  VA flips the Gov from R to D.  Mamdani got over a million votes, first time since 1969 for NYC mayoral.  While less important but still notable NJ kept the Gov D for a third consecutive time, which hasn't happened since the 60's. Like, they told us this was why. One Democratic senator who requested anonymity said if a small group of Democrats abandon the broader caucus’s position and vote to reopen the government in return for modest or even paltry concessions from Republicans, it would have a devastating effect on Democratic voters’ morale. permalink parent award report block reply
keeponwinning 1 points 10 hours ago That's a lot of angry words tinged with weird racial stuff you got there.  VA flips the Gov from R to D.  Mamdani got over a million votes, first time since 1969 for NYC mayoral.  While less important but still notable NJ kept the Gov D for a third consecutive time, which hasn't happened since the 60's. Like, they told us this was why. One Democratic senator who requested anonymity said if a small group of Democrats abandon the broader caucus’s position and vote to reopen the government in return for modest or even paltry concessions from Republicans, it would have a devastating effect on Democratic voters’ morale. permalink parent award report block reply
BarrysOFace 0 points 11 hours ago I'm only seeing over refulation problems... permalink award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 0 points 11 hours ago I don't care about the last two points. Those are actually positives! permalink award report block reply
dontsteponsnek 0 points 8 hours ago Government workers get BACKPAY, they are made entirely whole.  They essentially got a big two month long vacation, FULLY PAID.  So stop using it as a bullet point of pain. permalink award report block reply