627 GOP oversight cmte: It's because this victim, Virginia Giuffre, publicly said that she never witnessed wrongdoing by President Trump. posted 4 hours ago by here2red 63 comments award share report block Oversight Committee @GOPoversight • 7h Why did Democrats cover up the name when the Estate didn't redact it in the redacted documents provided to the committee? It's because this victim, Virginia Giuffre, publicly said that she never witnessed wrongdoing by President Trump. Democrats are trying to create a fake Oversight Dems @OversightDems • 7h 🚨BREAKING: Oversight Dems have received new emails from Jeffrey Epstein’s estate that raise serious questions about Donald Trump and his knowledge of Epstein’s horrific crimes. Read them for yourself. It’s time to end this cover-up and RELEASE THE FILES.
63 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style Ostia 39 points 4 hours ago Well, provide those unredacted versions then. Don't just claim it. permalink award report block reply MrUnderhill 9 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/greg_price11/status/1988644936707977703?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 3 points 4 hours ago Guiffre had testified multiple times that President Trump did nothing and that she never even saw him at Epstein's house. She doesn't say she never saw him there. She said she never spent time with the two of them together. Epstein is saying in this email that she and President spent hours together at his house, but makes no claims to being there. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 6 points 3 hours ago So based on what you're saying Epstein claims Trump and Guiffre spent hours together at his house, but Guiffre has testified she never saw him there? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago She doesn’t say he was never at his house. In fact, in her 2016 deposition she specifically says he was. In the quote part provided here she says she never spent time with Epstein and Trump together. Those are two entirely different concepts. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... king_cocoon 4 points 2 hours ago Bro you're STILL trying to say Trump is implicated even though the Democrats are clearly trying to make hay on something easily debunked? Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 0 points 36 minutes ago I knew this site was promoting hoaxes, but not to this point to promote fake emails that were just fabricated recently by intel to smear Trump and do not even match reality permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 0 points 34 minutes ago Lol, you think these emails were fabricated? permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 2 points 49 minutes ago Seems easy to do, right? permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 22 points 4 hours ago Don’t forget Epsteins lawyer said Trump was the ONLY ONE who cooperated permalink award report block reply wartooth6 18 points 4 hours ago That was actually Giuffre's lawyer that first said it, before 2016. Epstein's lawyers said that Epstein himself didn't have anything on Trump after specifically requesting it. And recently it came out that James Comey's daughter (the same one who gently prosecuted P Diddy) offered Epstein freedom in exchange for dirt on Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 5 points 4 hours ago You are probably right.  It’s been so long and its all confusing permalink parent award report block reply bck- 5 points 3 hours ago Part of the plan. Confuse the fuck out of people so they just accept what is being presented to them permalink parent award report block reply SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 1 points 4 hours ago With proper context that could tie in with the latest email released. Trump is the dog that didn’t bark. Maybe means he didn’t squeal or rat according to Epstein. But he could have been working with authorities unknown to Epstein. Just speculation since context wasn’t offered. permalink parent award report block reply fullpotato1776 16 points 4 hours ago Why did Trump upgrade Gislane's prison cell? She is a convicted child trafficker with mountains of evidence. Why would I trust anything she says? permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 10 points 4 hours ago "I wish her well" -- Trump on Ghislaine before her trial permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 2 points 4 hours ago "You can hang him in a way that potentially generates a positive benefit for you, or, if it really looks like he could win, you could save him, generating a debt." permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 47 minutes ago Pretty damning. This is honestly a side effect of not taking the matter seriously - just give the public the info rather then taking what most sane people would see as obvious attempts to sweep it under the rug. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -1 points 3 hours ago Because never trumpers and democrats were trying to incentivize her to lie about trump, on stand, in congress. (With perhaps a back door deal to free her early) So she and her lawyer obviously used this to her advantage. Trumps team gave her a nicer jail cell after she went on record with what we already knew, trump did nothing wrong. If this was first term trump, he would’ve sat back, & said “I did nothing wrong and have nothing to hide” and did nothing while the democrats would’ve ate his lunch and convinced a desperate lady to lie about trump. He learned his lesson, he now knows sometimes you must feed a mouse to avoid the snake permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 2 points 48 minutes ago suuuuuuure permalink parent award report block reply SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Tad48 14 points 4 hours ago Release everything permalink award report block reply 46DindoNuffin 1 points 4 hours ago Why do you suggest that?  What are you expecting/hoping is revealed? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 3 hours ago They're being retards as usual. Look at the JFK files, they demanded it to be all released. The JFK files got released. -crickets- I guess the JFK files weren't important as they claimed. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 3 hours ago Because nothing was redacted/ destroyed in the six decades it took to release some of the documents… permalink parent award report block reply bck- 1 points 3 hours ago Who’s to say that all of the files on Epstein weren’t redacted and destroyed for the 4 years Biden’s admin sat on it? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 1 hour ago Actually, they stopped caring when they found out that ISRAEL wasn't named in the documents like they've been claiming for the past 20+ years. permalink parent award report block reply Lawless 7 points 4 hours ago So tired of democrats spinning this shit permalink award report block reply Ostia 8 points 4 hours ago Then release it all. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 2 hours ago They are worried it will expose RINOs along with the domestic terrorists in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Doesn’t seem like it’s the RINO’s or dems that are all that worried about it. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 1 points 2 hours ago I have the same stance I’ve had since 2019. If there was anything that would actually damage Trump, it would’ve been released in 2015. If I had to fight Tyson Fury and someone gave me a weighted glove to use, I’m not waiting 10 rounds before using it. permalink parent award report block reply PapaPepe 5 points 4 hours ago Yeah, they need something to anger and distract the base from themselves. So time to bring out ol reliable Epstein again permalink award report block reply nakedjay 4 points 4 hours ago Mods need to sticky this asap permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 4 hours ago why?  old news vs new fake news? just ignore the fake news it will go away its just for redditors permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 3 hours ago False. The democrat spin is playing in the normies radio today and it's not like these sheeps will have the discernment to question it permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago oh well! you can fool some people all the time permalink parent award report block reply missusellis 4 points 3 hours ago Well, this is very easy to figure out.... Release the Files.  What am I missing? permalink award report block reply politicsaside 2 points 2 hours ago Saw the WSJ article. It actually look good for Trump, with essentially everyone saying Trump didn’t do shit. So I don’t know why the libtards are pushing it. permalink award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 2 points 2 hours ago Because they know their base is retarded and willing to live in a fantasy world. There was a fake tweet from Trump with something like “if the stock market goes below a certain number the president should be impeached.” The official liberal stance on it was “he didn’t say it but it seems like something he will say so it counts” permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 2 hours ago it looks better than good.  if this meeting between Giuffre and Trump encouraged her to go to the police, Trump may have been the catalyst for Epsteins downfall. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 47 minutes ago What, you mean it was so disgusting she realised she couldn't do it anymore? permalink parent award report block reply Bolo 1 points 43 minutes ago Maybe Trump really was an FBI informant against Epstein lol. permalink parent award report block reply Skywise 2 points 3 hours ago Well yeah - the democrats had these files all along but just NOW release them? Sure they’re “true” permalink award report block reply lolpaladins 1 points 2 hours ago Huh, what a weird coincidence that threatening the president with hanging himself ... resulted in a dead pedophile who died that exact same way. But that's ok, I'm just noticing things, don't mind me. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 44 minutes ago Hey now....Just because government could easily kill someone trying to blackmail them doesn't mean anything...it seems GM got the message. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 3 hours ago democrats are making up stories ok show us the documents so we can see how wrong they are omg fake supporters They didn't have to cover it up. But I guess the Greatest Ally had the final say: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP51v/epstein-was-a-busy-guy/c Israeli spy stayed at Epstein's apartment for weeks at a time Epstein helped broker Israeli security agreement with Mongolia Epstein helps Israel sell surveillance state tech to Cote d'Ivoire Epstein helps build back channel to Russia during Syrian civil war permalink award report block reply Release_The_Cracker 1 points 2 hours ago Didn't the last dem "oversight" committee lie their asses off permalink award report block reply king_cocoon 1 points 2 hours ago / u/ostia should be deported for continuing to harp on this. permalink award report block reply Returningtogod 1 points 1 hour ago Oooooooooooooo - “Shame on them” The GOP Oversight committee really threw down on that one. permalink award report block reply heeeeeeeeeeeeemeyer 1 points 4 hours ago I'm not sure Guiffre was a victim of anything, more of a willing participant with full knowledge of what she was doing and why. permalink award report block reply Citizen_Bob -1 points 3 hours ago Quick let's get Thomas Massie on the job he'll know what to do! Far more important than auditing the fed and abolishing the IRS. permalink award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 3 hours ago Are you suggesting that the man who wears a debt clock is avoiding or somehow hindering audits of the fed or abolishing the IRS? permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 3 hours ago please stop distracting us from Epstein. even the DNC is promoting this okay? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago Lol, this guy thinks we’re gonna do either of those things, auditing the fed or abolishing the irs. permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 2 hours ago not with you around we won't permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Pipe dreams, Bob. That no one has promised you and you’re inventing your own self. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 3 hours ago Get Cassidy Hutchinson Aka MTD on the job she has bullshit to say too. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 39 points 4 hours ago Well, provide those unredacted versions then. Don't just claim it. permalink award report block reply MrUnderhill 9 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/greg_price11/status/1988644936707977703?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 3 points 4 hours ago Guiffre had testified multiple times that President Trump did nothing and that she never even saw him at Epstein's house. She doesn't say she never saw him there. She said she never spent time with the two of them together. Epstein is saying in this email that she and President spent hours together at his house, but makes no claims to being there. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 6 points 3 hours ago So based on what you're saying Epstein claims Trump and Guiffre spent hours together at his house, but Guiffre has testified she never saw him there? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago She doesn’t say he was never at his house. In fact, in her 2016 deposition she specifically says he was. In the quote part provided here she says she never spent time with Epstein and Trump together. Those are two entirely different concepts. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... king_cocoon 4 points 2 hours ago Bro you're STILL trying to say Trump is implicated even though the Democrats are clearly trying to make hay on something easily debunked? Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 0 points 36 minutes ago I knew this site was promoting hoaxes, but not to this point to promote fake emails that were just fabricated recently by intel to smear Trump and do not even match reality permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 0 points 34 minutes ago Lol, you think these emails were fabricated? permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 2 points 49 minutes ago Seems easy to do, right? permalink parent award report block reply
MrUnderhill 9 points 4 hours ago https://x.com/greg_price11/status/1988644936707977703?s=20 permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 3 points 4 hours ago Guiffre had testified multiple times that President Trump did nothing and that she never even saw him at Epstein's house. She doesn't say she never saw him there. She said she never spent time with the two of them together. Epstein is saying in this email that she and President spent hours together at his house, but makes no claims to being there. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 6 points 3 hours ago So based on what you're saying Epstein claims Trump and Guiffre spent hours together at his house, but Guiffre has testified she never saw him there? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago She doesn’t say he was never at his house. In fact, in her 2016 deposition she specifically says he was. In the quote part provided here she says she never spent time with Epstein and Trump together. Those are two entirely different concepts. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... king_cocoon 4 points 2 hours ago Bro you're STILL trying to say Trump is implicated even though the Democrats are clearly trying to make hay on something easily debunked? Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 0 points 36 minutes ago I knew this site was promoting hoaxes, but not to this point to promote fake emails that were just fabricated recently by intel to smear Trump and do not even match reality permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 0 points 34 minutes ago Lol, you think these emails were fabricated? permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 3 points 4 hours ago Guiffre had testified multiple times that President Trump did nothing and that she never even saw him at Epstein's house. She doesn't say she never saw him there. She said she never spent time with the two of them together. Epstein is saying in this email that she and President spent hours together at his house, but makes no claims to being there. permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 6 points 3 hours ago So based on what you're saying Epstein claims Trump and Guiffre spent hours together at his house, but Guiffre has testified she never saw him there? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago She doesn’t say he was never at his house. In fact, in her 2016 deposition she specifically says he was. In the quote part provided here she says she never spent time with Epstein and Trump together. Those are two entirely different concepts. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... king_cocoon 4 points 2 hours ago Bro you're STILL trying to say Trump is implicated even though the Democrats are clearly trying to make hay on something easily debunked? Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 0 points 36 minutes ago I knew this site was promoting hoaxes, but not to this point to promote fake emails that were just fabricated recently by intel to smear Trump and do not even match reality permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 0 points 34 minutes ago Lol, you think these emails were fabricated? permalink parent award report block reply
StoneRealist 6 points 3 hours ago So based on what you're saying Epstein claims Trump and Guiffre spent hours together at his house, but Guiffre has testified she never saw him there? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago She doesn’t say he was never at his house. In fact, in her 2016 deposition she specifically says he was. In the quote part provided here she says she never spent time with Epstein and Trump together. Those are two entirely different concepts. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago She doesn’t say he was never at his house. In fact, in her 2016 deposition she specifically says he was. In the quote part provided here she says she never spent time with Epstein and Trump together. Those are two entirely different concepts. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
king_cocoon 4 points 2 hours ago Bro you're STILL trying to say Trump is implicated even though the Democrats are clearly trying to make hay on something easily debunked? Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 0 points 36 minutes ago I knew this site was promoting hoaxes, but not to this point to promote fake emails that were just fabricated recently by intel to smear Trump and do not even match reality permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 0 points 34 minutes ago Lol, you think these emails were fabricated? permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 0 points 34 minutes ago Lol, you think these emails were fabricated? permalink parent award report block reply
full_of_shot 2 points 49 minutes ago Seems easy to do, right? permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 22 points 4 hours ago Don’t forget Epsteins lawyer said Trump was the ONLY ONE who cooperated permalink award report block reply wartooth6 18 points 4 hours ago That was actually Giuffre's lawyer that first said it, before 2016. Epstein's lawyers said that Epstein himself didn't have anything on Trump after specifically requesting it. And recently it came out that James Comey's daughter (the same one who gently prosecuted P Diddy) offered Epstein freedom in exchange for dirt on Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 5 points 4 hours ago You are probably right.  It’s been so long and its all confusing permalink parent award report block reply bck- 5 points 3 hours ago Part of the plan. Confuse the fuck out of people so they just accept what is being presented to them permalink parent award report block reply SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 1 points 4 hours ago With proper context that could tie in with the latest email released. Trump is the dog that didn’t bark. Maybe means he didn’t squeal or rat according to Epstein. But he could have been working with authorities unknown to Epstein. Just speculation since context wasn’t offered. permalink parent award report block reply
wartooth6 18 points 4 hours ago That was actually Giuffre's lawyer that first said it, before 2016. Epstein's lawyers said that Epstein himself didn't have anything on Trump after specifically requesting it. And recently it came out that James Comey's daughter (the same one who gently prosecuted P Diddy) offered Epstein freedom in exchange for dirt on Trump. permalink parent award report block reply Wrexxis780 5 points 4 hours ago You are probably right.  It’s been so long and its all confusing permalink parent award report block reply bck- 5 points 3 hours ago Part of the plan. Confuse the fuck out of people so they just accept what is being presented to them permalink parent award report block reply SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Wrexxis780 5 points 4 hours ago You are probably right.  It’s been so long and its all confusing permalink parent award report block reply bck- 5 points 3 hours ago Part of the plan. Confuse the fuck out of people so they just accept what is being presented to them permalink parent award report block reply
bck- 5 points 3 hours ago Part of the plan. Confuse the fuck out of people so they just accept what is being presented to them permalink parent award report block reply
SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 1 points 4 hours ago With proper context that could tie in with the latest email released. Trump is the dog that didn’t bark. Maybe means he didn’t squeal or rat according to Epstein. But he could have been working with authorities unknown to Epstein. Just speculation since context wasn’t offered. permalink parent award report block reply
fullpotato1776 16 points 4 hours ago Why did Trump upgrade Gislane's prison cell? She is a convicted child trafficker with mountains of evidence. Why would I trust anything she says? permalink award report block reply chickeninoven 10 points 4 hours ago "I wish her well" -- Trump on Ghislaine before her trial permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 2 points 4 hours ago "You can hang him in a way that potentially generates a positive benefit for you, or, if it really looks like he could win, you could save him, generating a debt." permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 47 minutes ago Pretty damning. This is honestly a side effect of not taking the matter seriously - just give the public the info rather then taking what most sane people would see as obvious attempts to sweep it under the rug. permalink parent award report block reply bumpman -1 points 3 hours ago Because never trumpers and democrats were trying to incentivize her to lie about trump, on stand, in congress. (With perhaps a back door deal to free her early) So she and her lawyer obviously used this to her advantage. Trumps team gave her a nicer jail cell after she went on record with what we already knew, trump did nothing wrong. If this was first term trump, he would’ve sat back, & said “I did nothing wrong and have nothing to hide” and did nothing while the democrats would’ve ate his lunch and convinced a desperate lady to lie about trump. He learned his lesson, he now knows sometimes you must feed a mouse to avoid the snake permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 2 points 48 minutes ago suuuuuuure permalink parent award report block reply SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 10 points 4 hours ago "I wish her well" -- Trump on Ghislaine before her trial permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 2 points 4 hours ago "You can hang him in a way that potentially generates a positive benefit for you, or, if it really looks like he could win, you could save him, generating a debt." permalink parent award report block reply Klaus73 3 points 47 minutes ago Pretty damning. This is honestly a side effect of not taking the matter seriously - just give the public the info rather then taking what most sane people would see as obvious attempts to sweep it under the rug. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 3 points 47 minutes ago Pretty damning. This is honestly a side effect of not taking the matter seriously - just give the public the info rather then taking what most sane people would see as obvious attempts to sweep it under the rug. permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman -1 points 3 hours ago Because never trumpers and democrats were trying to incentivize her to lie about trump, on stand, in congress. (With perhaps a back door deal to free her early) So she and her lawyer obviously used this to her advantage. Trumps team gave her a nicer jail cell after she went on record with what we already knew, trump did nothing wrong. If this was first term trump, he would’ve sat back, & said “I did nothing wrong and have nothing to hide” and did nothing while the democrats would’ve ate his lunch and convinced a desperate lady to lie about trump. He learned his lesson, he now knows sometimes you must feed a mouse to avoid the snake permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 2 points 48 minutes ago suuuuuuure permalink parent award report block reply
full_of_shot 2 points 48 minutes ago suuuuuuure permalink parent award report block reply
SleepyHead1 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Tad48 14 points 4 hours ago Release everything permalink award report block reply 46DindoNuffin 1 points 4 hours ago Why do you suggest that?  What are you expecting/hoping is revealed? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 3 hours ago They're being retards as usual. Look at the JFK files, they demanded it to be all released. The JFK files got released. -crickets- I guess the JFK files weren't important as they claimed. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 3 hours ago Because nothing was redacted/ destroyed in the six decades it took to release some of the documents… permalink parent award report block reply bck- 1 points 3 hours ago Who’s to say that all of the files on Epstein weren’t redacted and destroyed for the 4 years Biden’s admin sat on it? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 1 hour ago Actually, they stopped caring when they found out that ISRAEL wasn't named in the documents like they've been claiming for the past 20+ years. permalink parent award report block reply
46DindoNuffin 1 points 4 hours ago Why do you suggest that?  What are you expecting/hoping is revealed? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 3 hours ago They're being retards as usual. Look at the JFK files, they demanded it to be all released. The JFK files got released. -crickets- I guess the JFK files weren't important as they claimed. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 3 hours ago Because nothing was redacted/ destroyed in the six decades it took to release some of the documents… permalink parent award report block reply bck- 1 points 3 hours ago Who’s to say that all of the files on Epstein weren’t redacted and destroyed for the 4 years Biden’s admin sat on it? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 1 hour ago Actually, they stopped caring when they found out that ISRAEL wasn't named in the documents like they've been claiming for the past 20+ years. permalink parent award report block reply
asiandood 1 points 3 hours ago They're being retards as usual. Look at the JFK files, they demanded it to be all released. The JFK files got released. -crickets- I guess the JFK files weren't important as they claimed. permalink parent award report block reply Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 3 hours ago Because nothing was redacted/ destroyed in the six decades it took to release some of the documents… permalink parent award report block reply bck- 1 points 3 hours ago Who’s to say that all of the files on Epstein weren’t redacted and destroyed for the 4 years Biden’s admin sat on it? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 1 hour ago Actually, they stopped caring when they found out that ISRAEL wasn't named in the documents like they've been claiming for the past 20+ years. permalink parent award report block reply
Fine_Kentucky_Jenkum 2 points 3 hours ago Because nothing was redacted/ destroyed in the six decades it took to release some of the documents… permalink parent award report block reply bck- 1 points 3 hours ago Who’s to say that all of the files on Epstein weren’t redacted and destroyed for the 4 years Biden’s admin sat on it? permalink parent award report block reply asiandood 1 points 1 hour ago Actually, they stopped caring when they found out that ISRAEL wasn't named in the documents like they've been claiming for the past 20+ years. permalink parent award report block reply
bck- 1 points 3 hours ago Who’s to say that all of the files on Epstein weren’t redacted and destroyed for the 4 years Biden’s admin sat on it? permalink parent award report block reply
asiandood 1 points 1 hour ago Actually, they stopped caring when they found out that ISRAEL wasn't named in the documents like they've been claiming for the past 20+ years. permalink parent award report block reply
Lawless 7 points 4 hours ago So tired of democrats spinning this shit permalink award report block reply Ostia 8 points 4 hours ago Then release it all. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 2 hours ago They are worried it will expose RINOs along with the domestic terrorists in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Doesn’t seem like it’s the RINO’s or dems that are all that worried about it. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 1 points 2 hours ago I have the same stance I’ve had since 2019. If there was anything that would actually damage Trump, it would’ve been released in 2015. If I had to fight Tyson Fury and someone gave me a weighted glove to use, I’m not waiting 10 rounds before using it. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 8 points 4 hours ago Then release it all. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 2 hours ago They are worried it will expose RINOs along with the domestic terrorists in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Doesn’t seem like it’s the RINO’s or dems that are all that worried about it. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 2 hours ago They are worried it will expose RINOs along with the domestic terrorists in Congress. permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Doesn’t seem like it’s the RINO’s or dems that are all that worried about it. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Doesn’t seem like it’s the RINO’s or dems that are all that worried about it. permalink parent award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 1 points 2 hours ago I have the same stance I’ve had since 2019. If there was anything that would actually damage Trump, it would’ve been released in 2015. If I had to fight Tyson Fury and someone gave me a weighted glove to use, I’m not waiting 10 rounds before using it. permalink parent award report block reply
PapaPepe 5 points 4 hours ago Yeah, they need something to anger and distract the base from themselves. So time to bring out ol reliable Epstein again permalink award report block reply
nakedjay 4 points 4 hours ago Mods need to sticky this asap permalink award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 4 hours ago why?  old news vs new fake news? just ignore the fake news it will go away its just for redditors permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 3 hours ago False. The democrat spin is playing in the normies radio today and it's not like these sheeps will have the discernment to question it permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago oh well! you can fool some people all the time permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 4 points 4 hours ago why?  old news vs new fake news? just ignore the fake news it will go away its just for redditors permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 3 hours ago False. The democrat spin is playing in the normies radio today and it's not like these sheeps will have the discernment to question it permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago oh well! you can fool some people all the time permalink parent award report block reply
diverscale 2 points 3 hours ago False. The democrat spin is playing in the normies radio today and it's not like these sheeps will have the discernment to question it permalink parent award report block reply SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago oh well! you can fool some people all the time permalink parent award report block reply
SHILL_DETECTOR 1 points 3 hours ago oh well! you can fool some people all the time permalink parent award report block reply
missusellis 4 points 3 hours ago Well, this is very easy to figure out.... Release the Files.  What am I missing? permalink award report block reply
politicsaside 2 points 2 hours ago Saw the WSJ article. It actually look good for Trump, with essentially everyone saying Trump didn’t do shit. So I don’t know why the libtards are pushing it. permalink award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 2 points 2 hours ago Because they know their base is retarded and willing to live in a fantasy world. There was a fake tweet from Trump with something like “if the stock market goes below a certain number the president should be impeached.” The official liberal stance on it was “he didn’t say it but it seems like something he will say so it counts” permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 1 points 2 hours ago it looks better than good.  if this meeting between Giuffre and Trump encouraged her to go to the police, Trump may have been the catalyst for Epsteins downfall. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 47 minutes ago What, you mean it was so disgusting she realised she couldn't do it anymore? permalink parent award report block reply Bolo 1 points 43 minutes ago Maybe Trump really was an FBI informant against Epstein lol. permalink parent award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 2 points 2 hours ago Because they know their base is retarded and willing to live in a fantasy world. There was a fake tweet from Trump with something like “if the stock market goes below a certain number the president should be impeached.” The official liberal stance on it was “he didn’t say it but it seems like something he will say so it counts” permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 1 points 2 hours ago it looks better than good.  if this meeting between Giuffre and Trump encouraged her to go to the police, Trump may have been the catalyst for Epsteins downfall. permalink parent award report block reply full_of_shot 1 points 47 minutes ago What, you mean it was so disgusting she realised she couldn't do it anymore? permalink parent award report block reply Bolo 1 points 43 minutes ago Maybe Trump really was an FBI informant against Epstein lol. permalink parent award report block reply
full_of_shot 1 points 47 minutes ago What, you mean it was so disgusting she realised she couldn't do it anymore? permalink parent award report block reply
Bolo 1 points 43 minutes ago Maybe Trump really was an FBI informant against Epstein lol. permalink parent award report block reply
Skywise 2 points 3 hours ago Well yeah - the democrats had these files all along but just NOW release them? Sure they’re “true” permalink award report block reply
lolpaladins 1 points 2 hours ago Huh, what a weird coincidence that threatening the president with hanging himself ... resulted in a dead pedophile who died that exact same way. But that's ok, I'm just noticing things, don't mind me. permalink award report block reply Klaus73 1 points 44 minutes ago Hey now....Just because government could easily kill someone trying to blackmail them doesn't mean anything...it seems GM got the message. permalink parent award report block reply
Klaus73 1 points 44 minutes ago Hey now....Just because government could easily kill someone trying to blackmail them doesn't mean anything...it seems GM got the message. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 3 hours ago democrats are making up stories ok show us the documents so we can see how wrong they are omg fake supporters They didn't have to cover it up. But I guess the Greatest Ally had the final say: https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP51v/epstein-was-a-busy-guy/c Israeli spy stayed at Epstein's apartment for weeks at a time Epstein helped broker Israeli security agreement with Mongolia Epstein helps Israel sell surveillance state tech to Cote d'Ivoire Epstein helps build back channel to Russia during Syrian civil war permalink award report block reply
Release_The_Cracker 1 points 2 hours ago Didn't the last dem "oversight" committee lie their asses off permalink award report block reply
king_cocoon 1 points 2 hours ago / u/ostia should be deported for continuing to harp on this. permalink award report block reply
Returningtogod 1 points 1 hour ago Oooooooooooooo - “Shame on them” The GOP Oversight committee really threw down on that one. permalink award report block reply
heeeeeeeeeeeeemeyer 1 points 4 hours ago I'm not sure Guiffre was a victim of anything, more of a willing participant with full knowledge of what she was doing and why. permalink award report block reply
Citizen_Bob -1 points 3 hours ago Quick let's get Thomas Massie on the job he'll know what to do! Far more important than auditing the fed and abolishing the IRS. permalink award report block reply flashersenpai 1 points 3 hours ago Are you suggesting that the man who wears a debt clock is avoiding or somehow hindering audits of the fed or abolishing the IRS? permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 3 hours ago please stop distracting us from Epstein. even the DNC is promoting this okay? permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago Lol, this guy thinks we’re gonna do either of those things, auditing the fed or abolishing the irs. permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 2 hours ago not with you around we won't permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Pipe dreams, Bob. That no one has promised you and you’re inventing your own self. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 1 points 3 hours ago Get Cassidy Hutchinson Aka MTD on the job she has bullshit to say too. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 1 points 3 hours ago Are you suggesting that the man who wears a debt clock is avoiding or somehow hindering audits of the fed or abolishing the IRS? permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 3 hours ago please stop distracting us from Epstein. even the DNC is promoting this okay? permalink parent award report block reply
Citizen_Bob 0 points 3 hours ago please stop distracting us from Epstein. even the DNC is promoting this okay? permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 1 points 3 hours ago Lol, this guy thinks we’re gonna do either of those things, auditing the fed or abolishing the irs. permalink parent award report block reply Citizen_Bob 0 points 2 hours ago not with you around we won't permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Pipe dreams, Bob. That no one has promised you and you’re inventing your own self. permalink parent award report block reply
Citizen_Bob 0 points 2 hours ago not with you around we won't permalink parent award report block reply Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Pipe dreams, Bob. That no one has promised you and you’re inventing your own self. permalink parent award report block reply
Ostia 1 points 2 hours ago Pipe dreams, Bob. That no one has promised you and you’re inventing your own self. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 1 points 3 hours ago Get Cassidy Hutchinson Aka MTD on the job she has bullshit to say too. permalink parent award report block reply