61 Seems relevant. posted 2 hours ago by CounterStrike 12 comments award share download report block
12 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save nuhbin3 4 points 1 hour ago the parallels with Rome have nothing to do with the USA or Rome, they have everything to do with human nature.... workers can be dirt poor when there are a politically connected dependent class that is subsidized, mercantilists/corporations will always chase profit margins, importing foreign slaves/soldiers will always cause division, religion becoming performative instead of spiritual/communal will always degrade cohesion, decadence and debauchery will always weaken families, distracting spectacles will always be a poor substitute for nationalism and civic pride permalink award report block reply dodgetimes2 4 points 1 hour ago Well said. “The evil that men do lives on and on” permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 31 minutes ago There are strong parallels with Rome here. The Dems did a proscription on MAGA, going after J6ers, MAGA clubs, groups, teams, any activist that threatened their corrupt status quo. I'd say it has EVERYTHING to do with what Rome did that contributed to its dissolution and fall. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 32 minutes ago "In ancient Rome, a proscription was a posted list of outlaws who could be killed with impunity. It was a form of state-sanctioned violence used by leaders like Sulla and the Second Triumvirate to eliminate political enemies, confiscate their property, and terrorize the populace. Proscribed individuals were stripped of their rights, their property was seized by the state, and their descendants were barred from public office." -- AI. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 1 points 4 minutes ago Well said for sure. Many of us believe the same club that ran The Roman Empire are still the ones calling the shots today. Trump is dismantling Britannia one trade deal at a time and if he succeeds with his oil pipeline to Asia or the tunnel system to Russia, they will no longer rule the waves. permalink parent award report block reply CounterStrike OP 3 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/AuronMacintyre/status/1988829347948470656 permalink award report block reply airborne3502 3 points 2 hours ago All while keeping them distracted with what was going on in the coliseums. permalink award report block reply dodgetimes2 4 points 1 hour ago Bread and circuses. permalink parent award report block reply crashdaddy 3 points 2 hours ago Huh...TIL: pro·scrip·tion /prōˈskripSHən/ noun noun: proscription; plural noun: proscriptions the action of forbidding something; banning. *"the proscription of the party after the 1715 Rebellion"* permalink award report block reply CounterStrike OP 6 points 2 hours ago Proscriptions in the Roman Empire were public notices that declared certain individuals as outlaws, leading to their property being confiscated and allowing anyone to kill them without penalty. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 30 minutes ago YEP. Sound familiar? Like what was done to Steve Bannon, Rudy Giuliani, Sidney Powell, and a long list of others? The Proud Boys,  the Oath Keepers, and basically all organized US Christians? permalink parent award report block reply RudeFrog 2 points 17 minutes ago Out military is already full of people who are just there for a hellcat or free college, they will not fight and die for anything permalink award report block reply
nuhbin3 4 points 1 hour ago the parallels with Rome have nothing to do with the USA or Rome, they have everything to do with human nature.... workers can be dirt poor when there are a politically connected dependent class that is subsidized, mercantilists/corporations will always chase profit margins, importing foreign slaves/soldiers will always cause division, religion becoming performative instead of spiritual/communal will always degrade cohesion, decadence and debauchery will always weaken families, distracting spectacles will always be a poor substitute for nationalism and civic pride permalink award report block reply dodgetimes2 4 points 1 hour ago Well said. “The evil that men do lives on and on” permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 31 minutes ago There are strong parallels with Rome here. The Dems did a proscription on MAGA, going after J6ers, MAGA clubs, groups, teams, any activist that threatened their corrupt status quo. I'd say it has EVERYTHING to do with what Rome did that contributed to its dissolution and fall. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 32 minutes ago "In ancient Rome, a proscription was a posted list of outlaws who could be killed with impunity. It was a form of state-sanctioned violence used by leaders like Sulla and the Second Triumvirate to eliminate political enemies, confiscate their property, and terrorize the populace. Proscribed individuals were stripped of their rights, their property was seized by the state, and their descendants were barred from public office." -- AI. permalink parent award report block reply tomthung 1 points 4 minutes ago Well said for sure. Many of us believe the same club that ran The Roman Empire are still the ones calling the shots today. Trump is dismantling Britannia one trade deal at a time and if he succeeds with his oil pipeline to Asia or the tunnel system to Russia, they will no longer rule the waves. permalink parent award report block reply
dodgetimes2 4 points 1 hour ago Well said. “The evil that men do lives on and on” permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 31 minutes ago There are strong parallels with Rome here. The Dems did a proscription on MAGA, going after J6ers, MAGA clubs, groups, teams, any activist that threatened their corrupt status quo. I'd say it has EVERYTHING to do with what Rome did that contributed to its dissolution and fall. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 31 minutes ago There are strong parallels with Rome here. The Dems did a proscription on MAGA, going after J6ers, MAGA clubs, groups, teams, any activist that threatened their corrupt status quo. I'd say it has EVERYTHING to do with what Rome did that contributed to its dissolution and fall. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 32 minutes ago "In ancient Rome, a proscription was a posted list of outlaws who could be killed with impunity. It was a form of state-sanctioned violence used by leaders like Sulla and the Second Triumvirate to eliminate political enemies, confiscate their property, and terrorize the populace. Proscribed individuals were stripped of their rights, their property was seized by the state, and their descendants were barred from public office." -- AI. permalink parent award report block reply
tomthung 1 points 4 minutes ago Well said for sure. Many of us believe the same club that ran The Roman Empire are still the ones calling the shots today. Trump is dismantling Britannia one trade deal at a time and if he succeeds with his oil pipeline to Asia or the tunnel system to Russia, they will no longer rule the waves. permalink parent award report block reply
CounterStrike OP 3 points 2 hours ago https://x.com/AuronMacintyre/status/1988829347948470656 permalink award report block reply
airborne3502 3 points 2 hours ago All while keeping them distracted with what was going on in the coliseums. permalink award report block reply dodgetimes2 4 points 1 hour ago Bread and circuses. permalink parent award report block reply
dodgetimes2 4 points 1 hour ago Bread and circuses. permalink parent award report block reply
crashdaddy 3 points 2 hours ago Huh...TIL: pro·scrip·tion /prōˈskripSHən/ noun noun: proscription; plural noun: proscriptions the action of forbidding something; banning. *"the proscription of the party after the 1715 Rebellion"* permalink award report block reply CounterStrike OP 6 points 2 hours ago Proscriptions in the Roman Empire were public notices that declared certain individuals as outlaws, leading to their property being confiscated and allowing anyone to kill them without penalty. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 30 minutes ago YEP. Sound familiar? Like what was done to Steve Bannon, Rudy Giuliani, Sidney Powell, and a long list of others? The Proud Boys,  the Oath Keepers, and basically all organized US Christians? permalink parent award report block reply
CounterStrike OP 6 points 2 hours ago Proscriptions in the Roman Empire were public notices that declared certain individuals as outlaws, leading to their property being confiscated and allowing anyone to kill them without penalty. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 30 minutes ago YEP. Sound familiar? Like what was done to Steve Bannon, Rudy Giuliani, Sidney Powell, and a long list of others? The Proud Boys,  the Oath Keepers, and basically all organized US Christians? permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 2 points 30 minutes ago YEP. Sound familiar? Like what was done to Steve Bannon, Rudy Giuliani, Sidney Powell, and a long list of others? The Proud Boys,  the Oath Keepers, and basically all organized US Christians? permalink parent award report block reply
RudeFrog 2 points 17 minutes ago Out military is already full of people who are just there for a hellcat or free college, they will not fight and die for anything permalink award report block reply