8 Starbucks union goes on strike, demands Americans give up their grande lattes (thepostmillennial.com) posted 39 minutes ago by Sea_Still 3 comments award share report block Starbucks union goes on strike, demands Americans give up their grande lattes “DON’T BUY STARBUCKS for the duration of our open-ended ULP strike!” thepostmillennial.com
3 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Aut_MAGA_Aut_Nihil 2 points 33 minutes ago Hey I wasn’t buying them anyway since they pulled that BLM crap. Alienating their workers just as they alienated their customers. Go woke go broke. It’s not hard to find better coffee. permalink award report block reply breadbaker 1 points 14 minutes ago Starbucks changed from mainly trashable cups and plastic/metal bar stools to ceramic mugs and comfy chairs resulting in more work and hassle for the employees and less throughput in the store consequently less tips. The main issue, though, is that the baristas are often college kids who are vastly underemployed.  You can argue that they had wrong major, meh.... This is a problem with the economy that there are underemployed/unemployed college grads. Heaping shit on these kids doesn't change that the system is fucked. permalink award report block reply schnazzmizzle 1 points 19 minutes ago Jokes on you, I don't buy Starbucks. permalink award report block reply
Aut_MAGA_Aut_Nihil 2 points 33 minutes ago Hey I wasn’t buying them anyway since they pulled that BLM crap. Alienating their workers just as they alienated their customers. Go woke go broke. It’s not hard to find better coffee. permalink award report block reply
breadbaker 1 points 14 minutes ago Starbucks changed from mainly trashable cups and plastic/metal bar stools to ceramic mugs and comfy chairs resulting in more work and hassle for the employees and less throughput in the store consequently less tips. The main issue, though, is that the baristas are often college kids who are vastly underemployed.  You can argue that they had wrong major, meh.... This is a problem with the economy that there are underemployed/unemployed college grads. Heaping shit on these kids doesn't change that the system is fucked. permalink award report block reply
schnazzmizzle 1 points 19 minutes ago Jokes on you, I don't buy Starbucks. permalink award report block reply