1261 ⛪ posted 11 hours ago by HappyFunBall 160 comments award share download report block
160 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Than0sIII 149 points 10 hours ago Whoever thought it was a good idea for women to be church leaders was probably a retard. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 90 points 10 hours ago Now do the 19th amendment. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 9 points 9 hours ago Trump said he was going to address the 19th Amendment in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply airgag 4 points 6 hours ago 2 weeks permalink parent award report block reply readonly-polarbear 3 points 4 hours ago Are we still flattening curves? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 4 points 4 hours ago lol. Yeah right.  He’s a raging feminist. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 3 points 2 hours ago Trump will forever be a 1980s Democrat at heart permalink parent award report block reply 27Sandino 4 points 8 hours ago Now do a Hollywood whore In clown world you can be the most degenerate piece of shit so long as you say some bullshit platitudes, and simps will defend you,  it's that easy The final boss of whores says she loves you,  clap like seals,  faggots permalink parent award report block reply arebee 13 points 7 hours ago Oh...I thought the point of this post was to show how extraordinarily retarded female pastors are, not promoting Hollywood whores. We read this post differently. I'm not disagreeing with you though. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 hours ago At least Hollywood whores are honest. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Yeah just because a celebrity occasionally says something you agree with doesn't mean they're based, it's just so rare it makes headlines now apparently lmfao permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 54 points 10 hours ago The Bible very specifically forbids it.  A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 21 points 9 hours ago Indeed.  The problem is when you get idiots using their dimwitted takes on Christianity as a cudgel though, i.e. what happened in the 70's into the early 2000's with all the Satanic scares and abusive parents that turned many away from Christ.  Which sadly led to woke politics filling in the gaps for a good chunk of kids who grew up resenting their parents, dogmatic "Christians", and so on. Living by the Bible is a good first step, but living by the Spirit is how you actually produce its fruits. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 9 hours ago Sounds like a good argument against all Protestants and for all Catholics, the one true universal church. Deviation from the true faith leads to degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 8 hours ago Even the Catholic Church has been infiltrated, but your point stands that Catholic values make for successful communities and countries. I don't really understand exactly what Protestantism is about or any of these other churches like Baptist, etc, I gew up Catholic with a huge Catholic family, in a mostly Catholic suburb in MA, and its all I know. I too was brainwashed against religion as a teen/young adult but once I started thinking for myself I realized that I definitely had a Creator who was guiding me, I just had to shut up and listen. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago I’m Catholic and I think most protestant arguments are retarded and literal ignorance, but they have extremely valid criticisms of Church leadership handling of at least several scandals and other issues. The Church has given itself so many black eyes that I’m nearly the only one in my large family still attempting to keep faithful. I also think Church leadership is completely out of touch with how much middle class people struggle in America and elsewhere. Most clergy have no frame of reference for how squeezed we are, at all times, from every direction.  Tbh most days I dont even hope for improvement, I just want it to be over. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 5 hours ago Imagine thinking the Catholic Church is somehow the "true universal church" when we've had faggot popes dragging it down for years. I also don't understand the Mary worship. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 4 hours ago Its true. The end result of protestantism is that everyone gets to be their own bishop. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 2 points 2 hours ago A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. I'm living by it - to the point of social exclusion - and life is pretty great.  Way better than it used to be. permalink parent award report block reply PowerOfBlues -3 points 9 hours ago Sounds like you want to drag us back to the dark ages!..... Don't you know that "Western values" are all about "innovation"? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 9 hours ago /s or real? permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 24 points 10 hours ago Whoever thought it was a good idea for women to be church leaders was probably a retard. Fixed it for you. permalink parent award report block reply Necrovoter 16 points 10 hours ago God didn't think it was a good idea. Corinthians 14:34-35 "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law.  And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." Whoever thought it was a good idea Satan: Step 1 - Give women an apple/temptation. Step 2 - Give women control over children's minds as teachers. Step 3 - Give women roles as pastors in churches. Step 4 - Give women the right to vote. Step 5 - Give women the right to kill their unborn children. Step 6 - Give women social media. Step 7 - Give women unlimited cats, wine and vibrators. Step 8 - Give women an unceasing stream of lies, misinformation, and psychological propaganda. Step 9 - Give women a constant barrage of peer pressure from  the brainwashed mass covens. Step 10 - profit.   Watch the world and humans' souls burn. permalink parent award report block reply TNgirl4Trump 2 points 1 hour ago I have a teenage daughter who is very conservative and modest by nature. It’s been hard to find friends because 97% of her peers are extremely worldly. Your comment really hit home. She is 18 now and still not on social media. I saw first hand what Instagram and TikTok did to her peer group. My daughter is like a unicorn. I’m thankful she doesn’t care that she doesn’t fit in for good reason! permalink parent award report block reply tiller 8 points 10 hours ago From the Gospel of Jesus Christ: 1 Timothy 2:11-12 KJV "Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection. But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence." 1 Corinthians 14:34-35 KJV "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 9 hours ago The apostle Paul wrote that letter.  It was about establishing new churches.  Paul was in Greece at the time and under a lot of stress.  He was beheaded in Rome shortly after that letter.  He was protecting the women. permalink parent award report block reply tiller 4 points 4 hours ago What Paul wrote is still true. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago he was protecting the women Shhh you'll offend all the Paul-haters with your facts. Stop it with the facts, bigot. Feelies moar impoartant, you know. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... fat50 37 points 9 hours ago Nicki Minaj never got the clot shot and was crucified by her "peers" in Hollywood because of it. permalink award report block reply NotMyGovernor 4 points 2 hours ago Nicki has almost been based in the past 4 or more years no? permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 2 hours ago More based than I would ever expect a black female pop-rap star to ever be permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 59 minutes ago Strange times we live in. permalink parent award report block reply newuser8 -3 points 3 hours ago Who cares what this hoe does with her life. Why do we even care. Shouldn't she be at some club getting high and drunk and having orgies with multiple black women and raping about it?; permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 32 points 11 hours ago Why do the CCP kill Christians?? permalink award report block reply barwhack 25 points 10 hours ago Demons are a collective... Christians are individuals... ... permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 24 points 10 hours ago Almost like Christianity is the single most freedom-spreading and -causing belief. And all other ones are more tyrannical. Jesus literally claimed the Truth would "set you free". Freedom has WHAT basis in atheism?? In atheism there is only physics, no soul. permalink parent award report block reply Mtnlion667 6 points 10 hours ago I've got no dog in this fight, I'm straight agnostic. My religious beliefs end at "fucked if I know, but good on you all" but, I've got to argue here. There's immense freedom in the "this is all there is" side of atheism. that's different from the immense comfort and support (also freedom in it's way) in the higher power and support of theism. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 10 points 9 hours ago Atheist's believe fuck it all because "this is all there is" and it gives them the freedom to be immoral. This will eventually destroy America that was built on the morals of Christianity.  A immoral society cannot be free and govern itself. The war a Christianity is a war on Freedom. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 10MeV 3 points 10 hours ago Most religions consist of some set of moral beliefs. To be atheist doesn’t usually mean amoral.  What it means is not following any recognized system of moral beliefs.  But unless you’re a straight up sociopath, you are following a set of moral beliefs, even if not named. Atheism is clearly a “religion” in practice; it requires faith believe there is no God. That cannot be proven. Agnosticism is slippery, but its members do have moral beliefs.  They just don’t have a system codifying them explicitly. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago got to argue here Based and CHARLIEKIRK-PILLED. immense freedom in the "this is all there is" Actually, no there isn't. Physics is all there is -> physical controls you. Not your soul (which is you). permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The guy replying to you sounds like a nutter and doesn't understand what his own argument is. I empathize with your views because I was exactly as you.  It may seem like freedom but I assure you that it is not.  Once touched by the Holy Spirit, you will come to a better understanding.    Until then you'll be akin to the slaves shackled and watching shadows in the allegory of the cave.   It requires a leap of faith to fully understand. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 19 points 10 hours ago Because Christianity, at it's essence, appeals to the Highest power, which is what the CCP (and communism in general) seeks to supplant.  Christ is called the "King of Kings", a title no earthly man can attain. This is at odds with Marxism, which demands atheism and total loyalty to the party/state.  A man who puts all his loyalty into God will not serve two masters. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago appeals to the highest power Human desires are the highest power in atheism. which demands atheism This should be known by all and cannot be stated enough. Too many atheists in the world, all ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 7 points 10 hours ago Human desires are the highest power in atheism. Exactly why Pride is considered the most dangerous of the deadly sins. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 0 points 8 hours ago This is why free-market capitalism is also an enemy to Christianity. The worship of money and profit, and the power handed over to bankers, is like what communists do with their politburos and dreams of workers paradise permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 9 hours ago Christians are VERY productive and hard working, generally. permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 6 hours ago Why do guests at the White House, like Ahmed al-Sharra, kill Christians?  Kind of weird. permalink parent award report block reply Matehmateh 1 points 3 hours ago Organ harvesting permalink parent award report block reply Tartakovsky 23 points 10 hours ago Women have no place leading the church. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 hours ago It's sacrilege and just as much as draping LGBT commie flags all over a chapel. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 19 points 10 hours ago If God can only be found in a church with a lesbian 'bishop', I want no part of it. permalink award report block reply EvensoAmen 10 points 10 hours ago “Church” permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago https://Biblehub.com/nasb/genesis/1.htm permalink parent award report block reply PepePinochet 1 points 3 hours ago Don't worry, they're heretics who have no foundation. They never knew Christ. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The church of Jezebel. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 17 points 10 hours ago Do you think that church lady has some kind of fire retardant vest underneath her clothes so that cross doesn’t burn her skin? permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 6 hours ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply DrunkenWalMart 11 points 10 hours ago women are on a mission to destroy everything lmao. video games/sports/media/church/any job etc... permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago Paul warned against women preachers. Violating the Bible has consequences. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago And have been fucking things up ever since they got the right to vote. permalink parent award report block reply Quiznos585 11 points 10 hours ago I forgot about that one. He should have had her ass arrested. She did that purposefully and intentionally with the sole intention of embarrassing him. Personally I would have refused to attend if there was a lesbian overseeing it to begin with. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 10 hours ago arrested B ut but but muh optics.... but but but muh media will slander me and call me mean names for the 53359338672110592gorillionth time.... but but but muh secular nation.... permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 8 points 3 hours ago She’s a bishop as much as the kids at Halloween are Iron Man or Thor. permalink award report block reply raid 3 points 2 hours ago And the kids dressed like heroes want to be the good guys too. permalink parent award report block reply throttlejohnson 5 points 10 hours ago even churches have dei. sad. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Most of those are ones that caved to ideas like billions of years and evilLotion. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 5 points 10 hours ago Right surprising. I accept it; because it is real. permalink award report block reply NineteenEightyFour 5 points 10 hours ago I see two dumb broads empowered by faggots and simps who should have never been allowed anywhere near anything resembling power or influence. permalink award report block reply Roadpower 5 points 10 hours ago There are no winners here. permalink award report block reply HenkZeilstra 4 points 7 hours ago As per the Bible women should not be pastors permalink award report block reply ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago Episco-whatevers don’t have bishops, because they dont have valid apostolic succession. My dog is just as much a bishop as that smirking dork. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 5 hours ago Only the BIBLICAL Christian Church has any apostolic heritage. Not prot, ortho, or cath. Prove me wrong. permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 0 points 4 hours ago Honestly I’m not even going to entertain this. Claims that the early church was somehow not the catholic church are retardedly ignorant. You could prove yourself wrong if you wanted to. permalink parent award report block reply 5DchessWatch 4 points 10 hours ago Three names in news (non hyphenated) = CIA It's a 3 letter tell, like 33 or 17 or 'wick' Also, blackeye club edit: and unrelated, Minaj looks like a barbie doll there permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 10 hours ago Tell us moar!!!! permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 10 hours ago What does 17 or wick have to do here permalink parent award report block reply jiujiujiu 3 points 7 hours ago Demons pushing their personal agenda over God’s permalink award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 3 points 10 hours ago I love how every once in a while there will be a famous black leftist that lands on the right side of history, not because of principle, but rather because they are too stupid to realize what causes are off limits. permalink award report block reply fat50 1 points 9 hours ago Nicki Minaj isn't a leftist. She's just a normal liberal. She didn't get the clot shot either. https://www.billboard.com/music/music-news/nicki-minaj-covid-19-vaccine-claims-controversy-reflects-1235467570/ permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 4 points 8 hours ago "Normal liberals" are like "peaceful Muslims". They enable the other ones to be the tip of the spear so the movement as a whole can achieve its ends. In order to save this country, 'normal liberals' will have to be dealt with decisively as well. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 3 hours ago A simple search of "Nikki Minaj" "people of color" results a whole slew of articles of her spewing leftist drivel. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago unGodliness puts lots of limits on you. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago Right because Christianity has done such a great job controlling and restricting these maniacs, right? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Do they believe it? No. Also, blame all the people screeching about "muh theocracy". Blame Adam and eve. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago The people who do believe it have placed no barriers or restrictions on anyone though. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... auntjemima 2 points 2 hours ago Insane timeline we got tossed into. permalink award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 10 hours ago in Nigeria Surely she'd care if it was happening in a non African countru.. permalink award report block reply ghettometal 1 points 8 hours ago Ever noticed the high density of a certain ethnic and phenotype among all those "Christian"-(((Branches))) that teach the opposite of what Jesus wanted? — That is "the Church" Ben Shapiro wants you and your children to go to. permalink award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Um, no. Shapiro literally doesn't want Christians going to Churches that preach the opposite of what Jesus wanted. You can hate the man for other reasons but this is not one of them. He is Orthodox when it comes to Judaism and he favours Christians with Orthodox views precisely for that same reason. He has nothing in common with these so-called Christians. permalink parent award report block reply ghettometal 1 points 7 hours ago Good that you are mention that he's Orthodox and follows the Talmud. What does the Talmud say about Christians in particular? And Jesus? What did Jesus say about the Synagogue? Orthodox Christians are warned and taught about them. Why do you think Martin Luther wrote a whole book about their lies? Why do you think the jews are eagerly about it to frame Jesus as a jew although he was simply a Judean? You can gaslight yourself, but facts stay and everyone else is seeing the reality. The first step to undermine and subvert a host nation (or village, town, community...) is to infiltrate the dominant faith leaders and replacing them after a long period of influence, money and bribery... hence it doesn't even matter anymore which Christian branch you follow. Just look at the popes. Pro-Tip: Find Jesus in your self. permalink parent award report block reply Maga305_47 1 points 2 hours ago I’m going to go with the prostitute on this one. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 8 hours ago Glory to Trump in the highest, and peace to his people on Earth permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 0 points 5 hours ago Trump has flaws too. Worship Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply super_pede 1 points 7 hours ago the one without tits looks demonically possessed permalink award report block reply DrTar 1 points 2 hours ago Here's the church
Here's the steeple
Open the Door
There's a stupid person permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace -1 points 9 hours ago I wonder if the men calling to repeal the 19th realize that is the same as Muslim men requiring the women wear the hijab.  The right to vote is a voice, having a say, even if it's wrong, stupid, and destructive, you stand next to men that do the same dumb voting, they are on the left and no different from the women.   Democrat women in power lead, they are the same as Democrat men.  The women vote for abortion.  Get over yourselves, you're not better than them, you're equal.  The same men that disagree with Muslim belief, repeal the 19th, the hijab  and the silence is ok.  Stop the insanity.  Politics is not a men's club.  Also, some books written by women didn't make it into the Bible selected by men. permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 3 points 8 hours ago Found the crazy Karen. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Probably the craziest.  It's a fine line I balance.  Thank you. permalink parent award report block reply DefKon1 1 points 8 hours ago Which books written by women didn't make it into the Bible? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 9 hours ago False equivalence. "Hijab or not" has zero of the political/impact power that the "vote or not" power has. That's like someone claiming "Banning weed is like banning people from having nukes!" Weed cannot take out 5 miles of land in under 2 hours, but nukes can. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Let's try again.  The desire to repeal the 19th, to a woman, is like you giving me a hijab to wear in replace of my vote, it's a covering up of my vote, my voice.  Indirectly, you are sending a message to Muslim men that you agree women should be covered and silenced.  So it seems that maybe sounded drastic, it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 8 hours ago Weed is bad. Nukes are bad too. That means they are identical, and people should be free to have nukes, because people should be free to use medicinal cannabis. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 8 hours ago I just thought of something else.  Nukes have the negative energy and divine Love has the positive energy.  I wrote this out as a math problem before.  Using the energy of all the stars traveling at the speed of light.  Good night. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rakkasan91b 1 points 7 hours ago I can't say I'm a repeal the 19th guy, but its pretty darn hard to argue we are not in the position we are with the voting pattern of women for the last 50-60 years. Its not every woman, but the evidence is pretty easy to see. permalink parent award report block reply Seeker_17 -2 points 6 hours ago Just waiting for the first dipshit to make this about joOoZ. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 2 hours ago Congratulations you are him permalink parent award report block reply learntocode -2 points 9 hours ago That retard on the right is doing this to stoke division in America. The retard on the left is there to weaken Gods hold and the churchs ability to organize parallel systems. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 8 hours ago What divison? Show me this division of yours. Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. You'd say this if she complimented Donald Trump. You're dooming. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 0 points 7 hours ago Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. True, but the lie that comes before it is the real culprit. permalink parent award report block reply TallestSkill 7 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 10 hours ago sex work is work, you bigot permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 8 hours ago lol permalink parent award report block reply skyhawk 2 points 10 hours ago What about side by side with a rear end? permalink parent award report block reply coretraining 3 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply surgeriot -1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 10 hours ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply
Than0sIII 149 points 10 hours ago Whoever thought it was a good idea for women to be church leaders was probably a retard. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 90 points 10 hours ago Now do the 19th amendment. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 9 points 9 hours ago Trump said he was going to address the 19th Amendment in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply airgag 4 points 6 hours ago 2 weeks permalink parent award report block reply readonly-polarbear 3 points 4 hours ago Are we still flattening curves? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 4 points 4 hours ago lol. Yeah right.  He’s a raging feminist. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 3 points 2 hours ago Trump will forever be a 1980s Democrat at heart permalink parent award report block reply 27Sandino 4 points 8 hours ago Now do a Hollywood whore In clown world you can be the most degenerate piece of shit so long as you say some bullshit platitudes, and simps will defend you,  it's that easy The final boss of whores says she loves you,  clap like seals,  faggots permalink parent award report block reply arebee 13 points 7 hours ago Oh...I thought the point of this post was to show how extraordinarily retarded female pastors are, not promoting Hollywood whores. We read this post differently. I'm not disagreeing with you though. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 hours ago At least Hollywood whores are honest. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Yeah just because a celebrity occasionally says something you agree with doesn't mean they're based, it's just so rare it makes headlines now apparently lmfao permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 54 points 10 hours ago The Bible very specifically forbids it.  A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 21 points 9 hours ago Indeed.  The problem is when you get idiots using their dimwitted takes on Christianity as a cudgel though, i.e. what happened in the 70's into the early 2000's with all the Satanic scares and abusive parents that turned many away from Christ.  Which sadly led to woke politics filling in the gaps for a good chunk of kids who grew up resenting their parents, dogmatic "Christians", and so on. Living by the Bible is a good first step, but living by the Spirit is how you actually produce its fruits. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 9 hours ago Sounds like a good argument against all Protestants and for all Catholics, the one true universal church. Deviation from the true faith leads to degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 8 hours ago Even the Catholic Church has been infiltrated, but your point stands that Catholic values make for successful communities and countries. I don't really understand exactly what Protestantism is about or any of these other churches like Baptist, etc, I gew up Catholic with a huge Catholic family, in a mostly Catholic suburb in MA, and its all I know. I too was brainwashed against religion as a teen/young adult but once I started thinking for myself I realized that I definitely had a Creator who was guiding me, I just had to shut up and listen. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago I’m Catholic and I think most protestant arguments are retarded and literal ignorance, but they have extremely valid criticisms of Church leadership handling of at least several scandals and other issues. The Church has given itself so many black eyes that I’m nearly the only one in my large family still attempting to keep faithful. I also think Church leadership is completely out of touch with how much middle class people struggle in America and elsewhere. Most clergy have no frame of reference for how squeezed we are, at all times, from every direction.  Tbh most days I dont even hope for improvement, I just want it to be over. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 5 hours ago Imagine thinking the Catholic Church is somehow the "true universal church" when we've had faggot popes dragging it down for years. I also don't understand the Mary worship. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 4 hours ago Its true. The end result of protestantism is that everyone gets to be their own bishop. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 2 points 2 hours ago A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. I'm living by it - to the point of social exclusion - and life is pretty great.  Way better than it used to be. permalink parent award report block reply PowerOfBlues -3 points 9 hours ago Sounds like you want to drag us back to the dark ages!..... Don't you know that "Western values" are all about "innovation"? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 9 hours ago /s or real? permalink parent award report block reply Doritalos 24 points 10 hours ago Whoever thought it was a good idea for women to be church leaders was probably a retard. Fixed it for you. permalink parent award report block reply Necrovoter 16 points 10 hours ago God didn't think it was a good idea. Corinthians 14:34-35 "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law.  And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." Whoever thought it was a good idea Satan: Step 1 - Give women an apple/temptation. Step 2 - Give women control over children's minds as teachers. Step 3 - Give women roles as pastors in churches. Step 4 - Give women the right to vote. Step 5 - Give women the right to kill their unborn children. Step 6 - Give women social media. Step 7 - Give women unlimited cats, wine and vibrators. Step 8 - Give women an unceasing stream of lies, misinformation, and psychological propaganda. Step 9 - Give women a constant barrage of peer pressure from  the brainwashed mass covens. Step 10 - profit.   Watch the world and humans' souls burn. permalink parent award report block reply TNgirl4Trump 2 points 1 hour ago I have a teenage daughter who is very conservative and modest by nature. It’s been hard to find friends because 97% of her peers are extremely worldly. Your comment really hit home. She is 18 now and still not on social media. I saw first hand what Instagram and TikTok did to her peer group. My daughter is like a unicorn. I’m thankful she doesn’t care that she doesn’t fit in for good reason! permalink parent award report block reply tiller 8 points 10 hours ago From the Gospel of Jesus Christ: 1 Timothy 2:11-12 KJV "Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection. But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence." 1 Corinthians 14:34-35 KJV "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 9 hours ago The apostle Paul wrote that letter.  It was about establishing new churches.  Paul was in Greece at the time and under a lot of stress.  He was beheaded in Rome shortly after that letter.  He was protecting the women. permalink parent award report block reply tiller 4 points 4 hours ago What Paul wrote is still true. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago he was protecting the women Shhh you'll offend all the Paul-haters with your facts. Stop it with the facts, bigot. Feelies moar impoartant, you know. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 90 points 10 hours ago Now do the 19th amendment. permalink parent award report block reply Spindle-spin 9 points 9 hours ago Trump said he was going to address the 19th Amendment in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply airgag 4 points 6 hours ago 2 weeks permalink parent award report block reply readonly-polarbear 3 points 4 hours ago Are we still flattening curves? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 4 points 4 hours ago lol. Yeah right.  He’s a raging feminist. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 3 points 2 hours ago Trump will forever be a 1980s Democrat at heart permalink parent award report block reply 27Sandino 4 points 8 hours ago Now do a Hollywood whore In clown world you can be the most degenerate piece of shit so long as you say some bullshit platitudes, and simps will defend you,  it's that easy The final boss of whores says she loves you,  clap like seals,  faggots permalink parent award report block reply arebee 13 points 7 hours ago Oh...I thought the point of this post was to show how extraordinarily retarded female pastors are, not promoting Hollywood whores. We read this post differently. I'm not disagreeing with you though. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 hours ago At least Hollywood whores are honest. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Yeah just because a celebrity occasionally says something you agree with doesn't mean they're based, it's just so rare it makes headlines now apparently lmfao permalink parent award report block reply
Spindle-spin 9 points 9 hours ago Trump said he was going to address the 19th Amendment in two weeks. permalink parent award report block reply airgag 4 points 6 hours ago 2 weeks permalink parent award report block reply readonly-polarbear 3 points 4 hours ago Are we still flattening curves? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 4 points 4 hours ago lol. Yeah right.  He’s a raging feminist. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 3 points 2 hours ago Trump will forever be a 1980s Democrat at heart permalink parent award report block reply
airgag 4 points 6 hours ago 2 weeks permalink parent award report block reply readonly-polarbear 3 points 4 hours ago Are we still flattening curves? permalink parent award report block reply
readonly-polarbear 3 points 4 hours ago Are we still flattening curves? permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 4 points 4 hours ago lol. Yeah right.  He’s a raging feminist. permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 3 points 2 hours ago Trump will forever be a 1980s Democrat at heart permalink parent award report block reply
TurdFergusen 3 points 2 hours ago Trump will forever be a 1980s Democrat at heart permalink parent award report block reply
27Sandino 4 points 8 hours ago Now do a Hollywood whore In clown world you can be the most degenerate piece of shit so long as you say some bullshit platitudes, and simps will defend you,  it's that easy The final boss of whores says she loves you,  clap like seals,  faggots permalink parent award report block reply arebee 13 points 7 hours ago Oh...I thought the point of this post was to show how extraordinarily retarded female pastors are, not promoting Hollywood whores. We read this post differently. I'm not disagreeing with you though. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 hours ago At least Hollywood whores are honest. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Yeah just because a celebrity occasionally says something you agree with doesn't mean they're based, it's just so rare it makes headlines now apparently lmfao permalink parent award report block reply
arebee 13 points 7 hours ago Oh...I thought the point of this post was to show how extraordinarily retarded female pastors are, not promoting Hollywood whores. We read this post differently. I'm not disagreeing with you though. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 hours ago At least Hollywood whores are honest. permalink parent award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 6 hours ago At least Hollywood whores are honest. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 6 points 8 hours ago Yeah just because a celebrity occasionally says something you agree with doesn't mean they're based, it's just so rare it makes headlines now apparently lmfao permalink parent award report block reply
10MeV 54 points 10 hours ago The Bible very specifically forbids it.  A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. permalink parent award report block reply Than0sIII 21 points 9 hours ago Indeed.  The problem is when you get idiots using their dimwitted takes on Christianity as a cudgel though, i.e. what happened in the 70's into the early 2000's with all the Satanic scares and abusive parents that turned many away from Christ.  Which sadly led to woke politics filling in the gaps for a good chunk of kids who grew up resenting their parents, dogmatic "Christians", and so on. Living by the Bible is a good first step, but living by the Spirit is how you actually produce its fruits. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 9 hours ago Sounds like a good argument against all Protestants and for all Catholics, the one true universal church. Deviation from the true faith leads to degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 8 hours ago Even the Catholic Church has been infiltrated, but your point stands that Catholic values make for successful communities and countries. I don't really understand exactly what Protestantism is about or any of these other churches like Baptist, etc, I gew up Catholic with a huge Catholic family, in a mostly Catholic suburb in MA, and its all I know. I too was brainwashed against religion as a teen/young adult but once I started thinking for myself I realized that I definitely had a Creator who was guiding me, I just had to shut up and listen. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago I’m Catholic and I think most protestant arguments are retarded and literal ignorance, but they have extremely valid criticisms of Church leadership handling of at least several scandals and other issues. The Church has given itself so many black eyes that I’m nearly the only one in my large family still attempting to keep faithful. I also think Church leadership is completely out of touch with how much middle class people struggle in America and elsewhere. Most clergy have no frame of reference for how squeezed we are, at all times, from every direction.  Tbh most days I dont even hope for improvement, I just want it to be over. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 5 hours ago Imagine thinking the Catholic Church is somehow the "true universal church" when we've had faggot popes dragging it down for years. I also don't understand the Mary worship. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 4 hours ago Its true. The end result of protestantism is that everyone gets to be their own bishop. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Friendly_B 2 points 2 hours ago A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. I'm living by it - to the point of social exclusion - and life is pretty great.  Way better than it used to be. permalink parent award report block reply PowerOfBlues -3 points 9 hours ago Sounds like you want to drag us back to the dark ages!..... Don't you know that "Western values" are all about "innovation"? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 9 hours ago /s or real? permalink parent award report block reply
Than0sIII 21 points 9 hours ago Indeed.  The problem is when you get idiots using their dimwitted takes on Christianity as a cudgel though, i.e. what happened in the 70's into the early 2000's with all the Satanic scares and abusive parents that turned many away from Christ.  Which sadly led to woke politics filling in the gaps for a good chunk of kids who grew up resenting their parents, dogmatic "Christians", and so on. Living by the Bible is a good first step, but living by the Spirit is how you actually produce its fruits. permalink parent award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 9 hours ago Sounds like a good argument against all Protestants and for all Catholics, the one true universal church. Deviation from the true faith leads to degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 8 hours ago Even the Catholic Church has been infiltrated, but your point stands that Catholic values make for successful communities and countries. I don't really understand exactly what Protestantism is about or any of these other churches like Baptist, etc, I gew up Catholic with a huge Catholic family, in a mostly Catholic suburb in MA, and its all I know. I too was brainwashed against religion as a teen/young adult but once I started thinking for myself I realized that I definitely had a Creator who was guiding me, I just had to shut up and listen. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago I’m Catholic and I think most protestant arguments are retarded and literal ignorance, but they have extremely valid criticisms of Church leadership handling of at least several scandals and other issues. The Church has given itself so many black eyes that I’m nearly the only one in my large family still attempting to keep faithful. I also think Church leadership is completely out of touch with how much middle class people struggle in America and elsewhere. Most clergy have no frame of reference for how squeezed we are, at all times, from every direction.  Tbh most days I dont even hope for improvement, I just want it to be over. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 5 hours ago Imagine thinking the Catholic Church is somehow the "true universal church" when we've had faggot popes dragging it down for years. I also don't understand the Mary worship. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 4 hours ago Its true. The end result of protestantism is that everyone gets to be their own bishop. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
noPTSDforMePlease 4 points 9 hours ago Sounds like a good argument against all Protestants and for all Catholics, the one true universal church. Deviation from the true faith leads to degeneracy. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 8 hours ago Even the Catholic Church has been infiltrated, but your point stands that Catholic values make for successful communities and countries. I don't really understand exactly what Protestantism is about or any of these other churches like Baptist, etc, I gew up Catholic with a huge Catholic family, in a mostly Catholic suburb in MA, and its all I know. I too was brainwashed against religion as a teen/young adult but once I started thinking for myself I realized that I definitely had a Creator who was guiding me, I just had to shut up and listen. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago I’m Catholic and I think most protestant arguments are retarded and literal ignorance, but they have extremely valid criticisms of Church leadership handling of at least several scandals and other issues. The Church has given itself so many black eyes that I’m nearly the only one in my large family still attempting to keep faithful. I also think Church leadership is completely out of touch with how much middle class people struggle in America and elsewhere. Most clergy have no frame of reference for how squeezed we are, at all times, from every direction.  Tbh most days I dont even hope for improvement, I just want it to be over. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 5 hours ago Imagine thinking the Catholic Church is somehow the "true universal church" when we've had faggot popes dragging it down for years. I also don't understand the Mary worship. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 4 hours ago Its true. The end result of protestantism is that everyone gets to be their own bishop. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 8 hours ago Even the Catholic Church has been infiltrated, but your point stands that Catholic values make for successful communities and countries. I don't really understand exactly what Protestantism is about or any of these other churches like Baptist, etc, I gew up Catholic with a huge Catholic family, in a mostly Catholic suburb in MA, and its all I know. I too was brainwashed against religion as a teen/young adult but once I started thinking for myself I realized that I definitely had a Creator who was guiding me, I just had to shut up and listen. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago I’m Catholic and I think most protestant arguments are retarded and literal ignorance, but they have extremely valid criticisms of Church leadership handling of at least several scandals and other issues. The Church has given itself so many black eyes that I’m nearly the only one in my large family still attempting to keep faithful. I also think Church leadership is completely out of touch with how much middle class people struggle in America and elsewhere. Most clergy have no frame of reference for how squeezed we are, at all times, from every direction.  Tbh most days I dont even hope for improvement, I just want it to be over. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
vote_for_MAGA_2020 2 points 5 hours ago Imagine thinking the Catholic Church is somehow the "true universal church" when we've had faggot popes dragging it down for years. I also don't understand the Mary worship. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
LolitaExpressPilot 2 points 4 hours ago Its true. The end result of protestantism is that everyone gets to be their own bishop. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Friendly_B 2 points 2 hours ago A lot of life would be much easier if we lived by the wisdom of our “wisdom literature”. I'm living by it - to the point of social exclusion - and life is pretty great.  Way better than it used to be. permalink parent award report block reply
PowerOfBlues -3 points 9 hours ago Sounds like you want to drag us back to the dark ages!..... Don't you know that "Western values" are all about "innovation"? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 9 hours ago /s or real? permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 9 hours ago /s or real? permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 24 points 10 hours ago Whoever thought it was a good idea for women to be church leaders was probably a retard. Fixed it for you. permalink parent award report block reply
Necrovoter 16 points 10 hours ago God didn't think it was a good idea. Corinthians 14:34-35 "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law.  And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." Whoever thought it was a good idea Satan: Step 1 - Give women an apple/temptation. Step 2 - Give women control over children's minds as teachers. Step 3 - Give women roles as pastors in churches. Step 4 - Give women the right to vote. Step 5 - Give women the right to kill their unborn children. Step 6 - Give women social media. Step 7 - Give women unlimited cats, wine and vibrators. Step 8 - Give women an unceasing stream of lies, misinformation, and psychological propaganda. Step 9 - Give women a constant barrage of peer pressure from  the brainwashed mass covens. Step 10 - profit.   Watch the world and humans' souls burn. permalink parent award report block reply TNgirl4Trump 2 points 1 hour ago I have a teenage daughter who is very conservative and modest by nature. It’s been hard to find friends because 97% of her peers are extremely worldly. Your comment really hit home. She is 18 now and still not on social media. I saw first hand what Instagram and TikTok did to her peer group. My daughter is like a unicorn. I’m thankful she doesn’t care that she doesn’t fit in for good reason! permalink parent award report block reply
TNgirl4Trump 2 points 1 hour ago I have a teenage daughter who is very conservative and modest by nature. It’s been hard to find friends because 97% of her peers are extremely worldly. Your comment really hit home. She is 18 now and still not on social media. I saw first hand what Instagram and TikTok did to her peer group. My daughter is like a unicorn. I’m thankful she doesn’t care that she doesn’t fit in for good reason! permalink parent award report block reply
tiller 8 points 10 hours ago From the Gospel of Jesus Christ: 1 Timothy 2:11-12 KJV "Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection. But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence." 1 Corinthians 14:34-35 KJV "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 9 hours ago The apostle Paul wrote that letter.  It was about establishing new churches.  Paul was in Greece at the time and under a lot of stress.  He was beheaded in Rome shortly after that letter.  He was protecting the women. permalink parent award report block reply tiller 4 points 4 hours ago What Paul wrote is still true. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago he was protecting the women Shhh you'll offend all the Paul-haters with your facts. Stop it with the facts, bigot. Feelies moar impoartant, you know. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 1 points 9 hours ago The apostle Paul wrote that letter.  It was about establishing new churches.  Paul was in Greece at the time and under a lot of stress.  He was beheaded in Rome shortly after that letter.  He was protecting the women. permalink parent award report block reply tiller 4 points 4 hours ago What Paul wrote is still true. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago he was protecting the women Shhh you'll offend all the Paul-haters with your facts. Stop it with the facts, bigot. Feelies moar impoartant, you know. permalink parent award report block reply
tiller 4 points 4 hours ago What Paul wrote is still true. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 9 hours ago he was protecting the women Shhh you'll offend all the Paul-haters with your facts. Stop it with the facts, bigot. Feelies moar impoartant, you know. permalink parent award report block reply
fat50 37 points 9 hours ago Nicki Minaj never got the clot shot and was crucified by her "peers" in Hollywood because of it. permalink award report block reply NotMyGovernor 4 points 2 hours ago Nicki has almost been based in the past 4 or more years no? permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 2 hours ago More based than I would ever expect a black female pop-rap star to ever be permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 3 points 59 minutes ago Strange times we live in. permalink parent award report block reply newuser8 -3 points 3 hours ago Who cares what this hoe does with her life. Why do we even care. Shouldn't she be at some club getting high and drunk and having orgies with multiple black women and raping about it?; permalink parent award report block reply
NotMyGovernor 4 points 2 hours ago Nicki has almost been based in the past 4 or more years no? permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 6 points 2 hours ago More based than I would ever expect a black female pop-rap star to ever be permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 6 points 2 hours ago More based than I would ever expect a black female pop-rap star to ever be permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 3 points 59 minutes ago Strange times we live in. permalink parent award report block reply
newuser8 -3 points 3 hours ago Who cares what this hoe does with her life. Why do we even care. Shouldn't she be at some club getting high and drunk and having orgies with multiple black women and raping about it?; permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 32 points 11 hours ago Why do the CCP kill Christians?? permalink award report block reply barwhack 25 points 10 hours ago Demons are a collective... Christians are individuals... ... permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 24 points 10 hours ago Almost like Christianity is the single most freedom-spreading and -causing belief. And all other ones are more tyrannical. Jesus literally claimed the Truth would "set you free". Freedom has WHAT basis in atheism?? In atheism there is only physics, no soul. permalink parent award report block reply Mtnlion667 6 points 10 hours ago I've got no dog in this fight, I'm straight agnostic. My religious beliefs end at "fucked if I know, but good on you all" but, I've got to argue here. There's immense freedom in the "this is all there is" side of atheism. that's different from the immense comfort and support (also freedom in it's way) in the higher power and support of theism. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 10 points 9 hours ago Atheist's believe fuck it all because "this is all there is" and it gives them the freedom to be immoral. This will eventually destroy America that was built on the morals of Christianity.  A immoral society cannot be free and govern itself. The war a Christianity is a war on Freedom. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 10MeV 3 points 10 hours ago Most religions consist of some set of moral beliefs. To be atheist doesn’t usually mean amoral.  What it means is not following any recognized system of moral beliefs.  But unless you’re a straight up sociopath, you are following a set of moral beliefs, even if not named. Atheism is clearly a “religion” in practice; it requires faith believe there is no God. That cannot be proven. Agnosticism is slippery, but its members do have moral beliefs.  They just don’t have a system codifying them explicitly. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago got to argue here Based and CHARLIEKIRK-PILLED. immense freedom in the "this is all there is" Actually, no there isn't. Physics is all there is -> physical controls you. Not your soul (which is you). permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The guy replying to you sounds like a nutter and doesn't understand what his own argument is. I empathize with your views because I was exactly as you.  It may seem like freedom but I assure you that it is not.  Once touched by the Holy Spirit, you will come to a better understanding.    Until then you'll be akin to the slaves shackled and watching shadows in the allegory of the cave.   It requires a leap of faith to fully understand. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 19 points 10 hours ago Because Christianity, at it's essence, appeals to the Highest power, which is what the CCP (and communism in general) seeks to supplant.  Christ is called the "King of Kings", a title no earthly man can attain. This is at odds with Marxism, which demands atheism and total loyalty to the party/state.  A man who puts all his loyalty into God will not serve two masters. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago appeals to the highest power Human desires are the highest power in atheism. which demands atheism This should be known by all and cannot be stated enough. Too many atheists in the world, all ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 7 points 10 hours ago Human desires are the highest power in atheism. Exactly why Pride is considered the most dangerous of the deadly sins. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 0 points 8 hours ago This is why free-market capitalism is also an enemy to Christianity. The worship of money and profit, and the power handed over to bankers, is like what communists do with their politburos and dreams of workers paradise permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 9 hours ago Christians are VERY productive and hard working, generally. permalink parent award report block reply Simple_Doot 2 points 6 hours ago Why do guests at the White House, like Ahmed al-Sharra, kill Christians?  Kind of weird. permalink parent award report block reply Matehmateh 1 points 3 hours ago Organ harvesting permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 25 points 10 hours ago Demons are a collective... Christians are individuals... ... permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 24 points 10 hours ago Almost like Christianity is the single most freedom-spreading and -causing belief. And all other ones are more tyrannical. Jesus literally claimed the Truth would "set you free". Freedom has WHAT basis in atheism?? In atheism there is only physics, no soul. permalink parent award report block reply Mtnlion667 6 points 10 hours ago I've got no dog in this fight, I'm straight agnostic. My religious beliefs end at "fucked if I know, but good on you all" but, I've got to argue here. There's immense freedom in the "this is all there is" side of atheism. that's different from the immense comfort and support (also freedom in it's way) in the higher power and support of theism. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 10 points 9 hours ago Atheist's believe fuck it all because "this is all there is" and it gives them the freedom to be immoral. This will eventually destroy America that was built on the morals of Christianity.  A immoral society cannot be free and govern itself. The war a Christianity is a war on Freedom. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 10MeV 3 points 10 hours ago Most religions consist of some set of moral beliefs. To be atheist doesn’t usually mean amoral.  What it means is not following any recognized system of moral beliefs.  But unless you’re a straight up sociopath, you are following a set of moral beliefs, even if not named. Atheism is clearly a “religion” in practice; it requires faith believe there is no God. That cannot be proven. Agnosticism is slippery, but its members do have moral beliefs.  They just don’t have a system codifying them explicitly. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago got to argue here Based and CHARLIEKIRK-PILLED. immense freedom in the "this is all there is" Actually, no there isn't. Physics is all there is -> physical controls you. Not your soul (which is you). permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The guy replying to you sounds like a nutter and doesn't understand what his own argument is. I empathize with your views because I was exactly as you.  It may seem like freedom but I assure you that it is not.  Once touched by the Holy Spirit, you will come to a better understanding.    Until then you'll be akin to the slaves shackled and watching shadows in the allegory of the cave.   It requires a leap of faith to fully understand. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 24 points 10 hours ago Almost like Christianity is the single most freedom-spreading and -causing belief. And all other ones are more tyrannical. Jesus literally claimed the Truth would "set you free". Freedom has WHAT basis in atheism?? In atheism there is only physics, no soul. permalink parent award report block reply Mtnlion667 6 points 10 hours ago I've got no dog in this fight, I'm straight agnostic. My religious beliefs end at "fucked if I know, but good on you all" but, I've got to argue here. There's immense freedom in the "this is all there is" side of atheism. that's different from the immense comfort and support (also freedom in it's way) in the higher power and support of theism. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 10 points 9 hours ago Atheist's believe fuck it all because "this is all there is" and it gives them the freedom to be immoral. This will eventually destroy America that was built on the morals of Christianity.  A immoral society cannot be free and govern itself. The war a Christianity is a war on Freedom. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 10MeV 3 points 10 hours ago Most religions consist of some set of moral beliefs. To be atheist doesn’t usually mean amoral.  What it means is not following any recognized system of moral beliefs.  But unless you’re a straight up sociopath, you are following a set of moral beliefs, even if not named. Atheism is clearly a “religion” in practice; it requires faith believe there is no God. That cannot be proven. Agnosticism is slippery, but its members do have moral beliefs.  They just don’t have a system codifying them explicitly. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago got to argue here Based and CHARLIEKIRK-PILLED. immense freedom in the "this is all there is" Actually, no there isn't. Physics is all there is -> physical controls you. Not your soul (which is you). permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The guy replying to you sounds like a nutter and doesn't understand what his own argument is. I empathize with your views because I was exactly as you.  It may seem like freedom but I assure you that it is not.  Once touched by the Holy Spirit, you will come to a better understanding.    Until then you'll be akin to the slaves shackled and watching shadows in the allegory of the cave.   It requires a leap of faith to fully understand. permalink parent award report block reply
Mtnlion667 6 points 10 hours ago I've got no dog in this fight, I'm straight agnostic. My religious beliefs end at "fucked if I know, but good on you all" but, I've got to argue here. There's immense freedom in the "this is all there is" side of atheism. that's different from the immense comfort and support (also freedom in it's way) in the higher power and support of theism. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 10 points 9 hours ago Atheist's believe fuck it all because "this is all there is" and it gives them the freedom to be immoral. This will eventually destroy America that was built on the morals of Christianity.  A immoral society cannot be free and govern itself. The war a Christianity is a war on Freedom. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... 10MeV 3 points 10 hours ago Most religions consist of some set of moral beliefs. To be atheist doesn’t usually mean amoral.  What it means is not following any recognized system of moral beliefs.  But unless you’re a straight up sociopath, you are following a set of moral beliefs, even if not named. Atheism is clearly a “religion” in practice; it requires faith believe there is no God. That cannot be proven. Agnosticism is slippery, but its members do have moral beliefs.  They just don’t have a system codifying them explicitly. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago got to argue here Based and CHARLIEKIRK-PILLED. immense freedom in the "this is all there is" Actually, no there isn't. Physics is all there is -> physical controls you. Not your soul (which is you). permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments... Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The guy replying to you sounds like a nutter and doesn't understand what his own argument is. I empathize with your views because I was exactly as you.  It may seem like freedom but I assure you that it is not.  Once touched by the Holy Spirit, you will come to a better understanding.    Until then you'll be akin to the slaves shackled and watching shadows in the allegory of the cave.   It requires a leap of faith to fully understand. permalink parent award report block reply
American-Free-Man 10 points 9 hours ago Atheist's believe fuck it all because "this is all there is" and it gives them the freedom to be immoral. This will eventually destroy America that was built on the morals of Christianity.  A immoral society cannot be free and govern itself. The war a Christianity is a war on Freedom. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
10MeV 3 points 10 hours ago Most religions consist of some set of moral beliefs. To be atheist doesn’t usually mean amoral.  What it means is not following any recognized system of moral beliefs.  But unless you’re a straight up sociopath, you are following a set of moral beliefs, even if not named. Atheism is clearly a “religion” in practice; it requires faith believe there is no God. That cannot be proven. Agnosticism is slippery, but its members do have moral beliefs.  They just don’t have a system codifying them explicitly. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago got to argue here Based and CHARLIEKIRK-PILLED. immense freedom in the "this is all there is" Actually, no there isn't. Physics is all there is -> physical controls you. Not your soul (which is you). permalink parent award report block reply view 8 more comments...
Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The guy replying to you sounds like a nutter and doesn't understand what his own argument is. I empathize with your views because I was exactly as you.  It may seem like freedom but I assure you that it is not.  Once touched by the Holy Spirit, you will come to a better understanding.    Until then you'll be akin to the slaves shackled and watching shadows in the allegory of the cave.   It requires a leap of faith to fully understand. permalink parent award report block reply
wartooth6 19 points 10 hours ago Because Christianity, at it's essence, appeals to the Highest power, which is what the CCP (and communism in general) seeks to supplant.  Christ is called the "King of Kings", a title no earthly man can attain. This is at odds with Marxism, which demands atheism and total loyalty to the party/state.  A man who puts all his loyalty into God will not serve two masters. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago appeals to the highest power Human desires are the highest power in atheism. which demands atheism This should be known by all and cannot be stated enough. Too many atheists in the world, all ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 7 points 10 hours ago Human desires are the highest power in atheism. Exactly why Pride is considered the most dangerous of the deadly sins. permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 0 points 8 hours ago This is why free-market capitalism is also an enemy to Christianity. The worship of money and profit, and the power handed over to bankers, is like what communists do with their politburos and dreams of workers paradise permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago appeals to the highest power Human desires are the highest power in atheism. which demands atheism This should be known by all and cannot be stated enough. Too many atheists in the world, all ignorant. permalink parent award report block reply wartooth6 7 points 10 hours ago Human desires are the highest power in atheism. Exactly why Pride is considered the most dangerous of the deadly sins. permalink parent award report block reply
wartooth6 7 points 10 hours ago Human desires are the highest power in atheism. Exactly why Pride is considered the most dangerous of the deadly sins. permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 0 points 8 hours ago This is why free-market capitalism is also an enemy to Christianity. The worship of money and profit, and the power handed over to bankers, is like what communists do with their politburos and dreams of workers paradise permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 9 hours ago Christians are VERY productive and hard working, generally. permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 2 points 6 hours ago Why do guests at the White House, like Ahmed al-Sharra, kill Christians?  Kind of weird. permalink parent award report block reply
Matehmateh 1 points 3 hours ago Organ harvesting permalink parent award report block reply
Tartakovsky 23 points 10 hours ago Women have no place leading the church. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 hours ago It's sacrilege and just as much as draping LGBT commie flags all over a chapel. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 5 points 2 hours ago It's sacrilege and just as much as draping LGBT commie flags all over a chapel. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 19 points 10 hours ago If God can only be found in a church with a lesbian 'bishop', I want no part of it. permalink award report block reply EvensoAmen 10 points 10 hours ago “Church” permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago https://Biblehub.com/nasb/genesis/1.htm permalink parent award report block reply PepePinochet 1 points 3 hours ago Don't worry, they're heretics who have no foundation. They never knew Christ. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The church of Jezebel. permalink parent award report block reply
EvensoAmen 10 points 10 hours ago “Church” permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago https://Biblehub.com/nasb/genesis/1.htm permalink parent award report block reply
PepePinochet 1 points 3 hours ago Don't worry, they're heretics who have no foundation. They never knew Christ. permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 1 points 3 hours ago The church of Jezebel. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 17 points 10 hours ago Do you think that church lady has some kind of fire retardant vest underneath her clothes so that cross doesn’t burn her skin? permalink award report block reply HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 6 hours ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply
HeavyMetalPatriot 3 points 6 hours ago Yes permalink parent award report block reply
DrunkenWalMart 11 points 10 hours ago women are on a mission to destroy everything lmao. video games/sports/media/church/any job etc... permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago Paul warned against women preachers. Violating the Bible has consequences. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago And have been fucking things up ever since they got the right to vote. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 11 points 10 hours ago Paul warned against women preachers. Violating the Bible has consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 1 points 2 hours ago And have been fucking things up ever since they got the right to vote. permalink parent award report block reply
Quiznos585 11 points 10 hours ago I forgot about that one. He should have had her ass arrested. She did that purposefully and intentionally with the sole intention of embarrassing him. Personally I would have refused to attend if there was a lesbian overseeing it to begin with. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 10 hours ago arrested B ut but but muh optics.... but but but muh media will slander me and call me mean names for the 53359338672110592gorillionth time.... but but but muh secular nation.... permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 10 hours ago arrested B ut but but muh optics.... but but but muh media will slander me and call me mean names for the 53359338672110592gorillionth time.... but but but muh secular nation.... permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 8 points 3 hours ago She’s a bishop as much as the kids at Halloween are Iron Man or Thor. permalink award report block reply raid 3 points 2 hours ago And the kids dressed like heroes want to be the good guys too. permalink parent award report block reply
raid 3 points 2 hours ago And the kids dressed like heroes want to be the good guys too. permalink parent award report block reply
throttlejohnson 5 points 10 hours ago even churches have dei. sad. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Most of those are ones that caved to ideas like billions of years and evilLotion. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Most of those are ones that caved to ideas like billions of years and evilLotion. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 5 points 10 hours ago Right surprising. I accept it; because it is real. permalink award report block reply
NineteenEightyFour 5 points 10 hours ago I see two dumb broads empowered by faggots and simps who should have never been allowed anywhere near anything resembling power or influence. permalink award report block reply
Roadpower 5 points 10 hours ago There are no winners here. permalink award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 4 points 7 hours ago As per the Bible women should not be pastors permalink award report block reply
ShittySFDev 4 points 5 hours ago Episco-whatevers don’t have bishops, because they dont have valid apostolic succession. My dog is just as much a bishop as that smirking dork. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 5 hours ago Only the BIBLICAL Christian Church has any apostolic heritage. Not prot, ortho, or cath. Prove me wrong. permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 0 points 4 hours ago Honestly I’m not even going to entertain this. Claims that the early church was somehow not the catholic church are retardedly ignorant. You could prove yourself wrong if you wanted to. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 5 hours ago Only the BIBLICAL Christian Church has any apostolic heritage. Not prot, ortho, or cath. Prove me wrong. permalink parent award report block reply ShittySFDev 0 points 4 hours ago Honestly I’m not even going to entertain this. Claims that the early church was somehow not the catholic church are retardedly ignorant. You could prove yourself wrong if you wanted to. permalink parent award report block reply
ShittySFDev 0 points 4 hours ago Honestly I’m not even going to entertain this. Claims that the early church was somehow not the catholic church are retardedly ignorant. You could prove yourself wrong if you wanted to. permalink parent award report block reply
5DchessWatch 4 points 10 hours ago Three names in news (non hyphenated) = CIA It's a 3 letter tell, like 33 or 17 or 'wick' Also, blackeye club edit: and unrelated, Minaj looks like a barbie doll there permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 10 hours ago Tell us moar!!!! permalink parent award report block reply diverscale 2 points 10 hours ago What does 17 or wick have to do here permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 10 hours ago Tell us moar!!!! permalink parent award report block reply
diverscale 2 points 10 hours ago What does 17 or wick have to do here permalink parent award report block reply
jiujiujiu 3 points 7 hours ago Demons pushing their personal agenda over God’s permalink award report block reply
XxxRDTPRNxxX 3 points 10 hours ago I love how every once in a while there will be a famous black leftist that lands on the right side of history, not because of principle, but rather because they are too stupid to realize what causes are off limits. permalink award report block reply fat50 1 points 9 hours ago Nicki Minaj isn't a leftist. She's just a normal liberal. She didn't get the clot shot either. https://www.billboard.com/music/music-news/nicki-minaj-covid-19-vaccine-claims-controversy-reflects-1235467570/ permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 4 points 8 hours ago "Normal liberals" are like "peaceful Muslims". They enable the other ones to be the tip of the spear so the movement as a whole can achieve its ends. In order to save this country, 'normal liberals' will have to be dealt with decisively as well. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 3 hours ago A simple search of "Nikki Minaj" "people of color" results a whole slew of articles of her spewing leftist drivel. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago unGodliness puts lots of limits on you. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago Right because Christianity has done such a great job controlling and restricting these maniacs, right? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Do they believe it? No. Also, blame all the people screeching about "muh theocracy". Blame Adam and eve. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago The people who do believe it have placed no barriers or restrictions on anyone though. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
fat50 1 points 9 hours ago Nicki Minaj isn't a leftist. She's just a normal liberal. She didn't get the clot shot either. https://www.billboard.com/music/music-news/nicki-minaj-covid-19-vaccine-claims-controversy-reflects-1235467570/ permalink parent award report block reply MuslimsWorshipSatan 4 points 8 hours ago "Normal liberals" are like "peaceful Muslims". They enable the other ones to be the tip of the spear so the movement as a whole can achieve its ends. In order to save this country, 'normal liberals' will have to be dealt with decisively as well. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 3 hours ago A simple search of "Nikki Minaj" "people of color" results a whole slew of articles of her spewing leftist drivel. permalink parent award report block reply
MuslimsWorshipSatan 4 points 8 hours ago "Normal liberals" are like "peaceful Muslims". They enable the other ones to be the tip of the spear so the movement as a whole can achieve its ends. In order to save this country, 'normal liberals' will have to be dealt with decisively as well. permalink parent award report block reply
XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 3 hours ago A simple search of "Nikki Minaj" "people of color" results a whole slew of articles of her spewing leftist drivel. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago unGodliness puts lots of limits on you. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago Right because Christianity has done such a great job controlling and restricting these maniacs, right? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Do they believe it? No. Also, blame all the people screeching about "muh theocracy". Blame Adam and eve. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago The people who do believe it have placed no barriers or restrictions on anyone though. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago Right because Christianity has done such a great job controlling and restricting these maniacs, right? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Do they believe it? No. Also, blame all the people screeching about "muh theocracy". Blame Adam and eve. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago The people who do believe it have placed no barriers or restrictions on anyone though. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 10 hours ago Do they believe it? No. Also, blame all the people screeching about "muh theocracy". Blame Adam and eve. permalink parent award report block reply XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago The people who do believe it have placed no barriers or restrictions on anyone though. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
XxxRDTPRNxxX 1 points 10 hours ago The people who do believe it have placed no barriers or restrictions on anyone though. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
auntjemima 2 points 2 hours ago Insane timeline we got tossed into. permalink award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 1 points 10 hours ago in Nigeria Surely she'd care if it was happening in a non African countru.. permalink award report block reply
ghettometal 1 points 8 hours ago Ever noticed the high density of a certain ethnic and phenotype among all those "Christian"-(((Branches))) that teach the opposite of what Jesus wanted? — That is "the Church" Ben Shapiro wants you and your children to go to. permalink award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Um, no. Shapiro literally doesn't want Christians going to Churches that preach the opposite of what Jesus wanted. You can hate the man for other reasons but this is not one of them. He is Orthodox when it comes to Judaism and he favours Christians with Orthodox views precisely for that same reason. He has nothing in common with these so-called Christians. permalink parent award report block reply ghettometal 1 points 7 hours ago Good that you are mention that he's Orthodox and follows the Talmud. What does the Talmud say about Christians in particular? And Jesus? What did Jesus say about the Synagogue? Orthodox Christians are warned and taught about them. Why do you think Martin Luther wrote a whole book about their lies? Why do you think the jews are eagerly about it to frame Jesus as a jew although he was simply a Judean? You can gaslight yourself, but facts stay and everyone else is seeing the reality. The first step to undermine and subvert a host nation (or village, town, community...) is to infiltrate the dominant faith leaders and replacing them after a long period of influence, money and bribery... hence it doesn't even matter anymore which Christian branch you follow. Just look at the popes. Pro-Tip: Find Jesus in your self. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Um, no. Shapiro literally doesn't want Christians going to Churches that preach the opposite of what Jesus wanted. You can hate the man for other reasons but this is not one of them. He is Orthodox when it comes to Judaism and he favours Christians with Orthodox views precisely for that same reason. He has nothing in common with these so-called Christians. permalink parent award report block reply ghettometal 1 points 7 hours ago Good that you are mention that he's Orthodox and follows the Talmud. What does the Talmud say about Christians in particular? And Jesus? What did Jesus say about the Synagogue? Orthodox Christians are warned and taught about them. Why do you think Martin Luther wrote a whole book about their lies? Why do you think the jews are eagerly about it to frame Jesus as a jew although he was simply a Judean? You can gaslight yourself, but facts stay and everyone else is seeing the reality. The first step to undermine and subvert a host nation (or village, town, community...) is to infiltrate the dominant faith leaders and replacing them after a long period of influence, money and bribery... hence it doesn't even matter anymore which Christian branch you follow. Just look at the popes. Pro-Tip: Find Jesus in your self. permalink parent award report block reply
ghettometal 1 points 7 hours ago Good that you are mention that he's Orthodox and follows the Talmud. What does the Talmud say about Christians in particular? And Jesus? What did Jesus say about the Synagogue? Orthodox Christians are warned and taught about them. Why do you think Martin Luther wrote a whole book about their lies? Why do you think the jews are eagerly about it to frame Jesus as a jew although he was simply a Judean? You can gaslight yourself, but facts stay and everyone else is seeing the reality. The first step to undermine and subvert a host nation (or village, town, community...) is to infiltrate the dominant faith leaders and replacing them after a long period of influence, money and bribery... hence it doesn't even matter anymore which Christian branch you follow. Just look at the popes. Pro-Tip: Find Jesus in your self. permalink parent award report block reply
Maga305_47 1 points 2 hours ago I’m going to go with the prostitute on this one. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 8 hours ago Glory to Trump in the highest, and peace to his people on Earth permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 0 points 5 hours ago Trump has flaws too. Worship Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 0 points 5 hours ago Trump has flaws too. Worship Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply
super_pede 1 points 7 hours ago the one without tits looks demonically possessed permalink award report block reply
DrTar 1 points 2 hours ago Here's the church
Here's the steeple
Open the Door
There's a stupid person permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace -1 points 9 hours ago I wonder if the men calling to repeal the 19th realize that is the same as Muslim men requiring the women wear the hijab.  The right to vote is a voice, having a say, even if it's wrong, stupid, and destructive, you stand next to men that do the same dumb voting, they are on the left and no different from the women.   Democrat women in power lead, they are the same as Democrat men.  The women vote for abortion.  Get over yourselves, you're not better than them, you're equal.  The same men that disagree with Muslim belief, repeal the 19th, the hijab  and the silence is ok.  Stop the insanity.  Politics is not a men's club.  Also, some books written by women didn't make it into the Bible selected by men. permalink award report block reply noPTSDforMePlease 3 points 8 hours ago Found the crazy Karen. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Probably the craziest.  It's a fine line I balance.  Thank you. permalink parent award report block reply DefKon1 1 points 8 hours ago Which books written by women didn't make it into the Bible? permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 9 hours ago False equivalence. "Hijab or not" has zero of the political/impact power that the "vote or not" power has. That's like someone claiming "Banning weed is like banning people from having nukes!" Weed cannot take out 5 miles of land in under 2 hours, but nukes can. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Let's try again.  The desire to repeal the 19th, to a woman, is like you giving me a hijab to wear in replace of my vote, it's a covering up of my vote, my voice.  Indirectly, you are sending a message to Muslim men that you agree women should be covered and silenced.  So it seems that maybe sounded drastic, it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 8 hours ago Weed is bad. Nukes are bad too. That means they are identical, and people should be free to have nukes, because people should be free to use medicinal cannabis. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 8 hours ago I just thought of something else.  Nukes have the negative energy and divine Love has the positive energy.  I wrote this out as a math problem before.  Using the energy of all the stars traveling at the speed of light.  Good night. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rakkasan91b 1 points 7 hours ago I can't say I'm a repeal the 19th guy, but its pretty darn hard to argue we are not in the position we are with the voting pattern of women for the last 50-60 years. Its not every woman, but the evidence is pretty easy to see. permalink parent award report block reply
noPTSDforMePlease 3 points 8 hours ago Found the crazy Karen. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Probably the craziest.  It's a fine line I balance.  Thank you. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Probably the craziest.  It's a fine line I balance.  Thank you. permalink parent award report block reply
DefKon1 1 points 8 hours ago Which books written by women didn't make it into the Bible? permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 -1 points 9 hours ago False equivalence. "Hijab or not" has zero of the political/impact power that the "vote or not" power has. That's like someone claiming "Banning weed is like banning people from having nukes!" Weed cannot take out 5 miles of land in under 2 hours, but nukes can. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Let's try again.  The desire to repeal the 19th, to a woman, is like you giving me a hijab to wear in replace of my vote, it's a covering up of my vote, my voice.  Indirectly, you are sending a message to Muslim men that you agree women should be covered and silenced.  So it seems that maybe sounded drastic, it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 8 hours ago Weed is bad. Nukes are bad too. That means they are identical, and people should be free to have nukes, because people should be free to use medicinal cannabis. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 8 hours ago I just thought of something else.  Nukes have the negative energy and divine Love has the positive energy.  I wrote this out as a math problem before.  Using the energy of all the stars traveling at the speed of light.  Good night. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rakkasan91b 1 points 7 hours ago I can't say I'm a repeal the 19th guy, but its pretty darn hard to argue we are not in the position we are with the voting pattern of women for the last 50-60 years. Its not every woman, but the evidence is pretty easy to see. permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 2 points 8 hours ago Let's try again.  The desire to repeal the 19th, to a woman, is like you giving me a hijab to wear in replace of my vote, it's a covering up of my vote, my voice.  Indirectly, you are sending a message to Muslim men that you agree women should be covered and silenced.  So it seems that maybe sounded drastic, it's not. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 8 hours ago Weed is bad. Nukes are bad too. That means they are identical, and people should be free to have nukes, because people should be free to use medicinal cannabis. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 8 hours ago I just thought of something else.  Nukes have the negative energy and divine Love has the positive energy.  I wrote this out as a math problem before.  Using the energy of all the stars traveling at the speed of light.  Good night. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Rakkasan91b 1 points 7 hours ago I can't say I'm a repeal the 19th guy, but its pretty darn hard to argue we are not in the position we are with the voting pattern of women for the last 50-60 years. Its not every woman, but the evidence is pretty easy to see. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 8 hours ago Weed is bad. Nukes are bad too. That means they are identical, and people should be free to have nukes, because people should be free to use medicinal cannabis. permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 8 hours ago I just thought of something else.  Nukes have the negative energy and divine Love has the positive energy.  I wrote this out as a math problem before.  Using the energy of all the stars traveling at the speed of light.  Good night. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SavingPrivateGrace 4 points 8 hours ago I just thought of something else.  Nukes have the negative energy and divine Love has the positive energy.  I wrote this out as a math problem before.  Using the energy of all the stars traveling at the speed of light.  Good night. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Rakkasan91b 1 points 7 hours ago I can't say I'm a repeal the 19th guy, but its pretty darn hard to argue we are not in the position we are with the voting pattern of women for the last 50-60 years. Its not every woman, but the evidence is pretty easy to see. permalink parent award report block reply
Seeker_17 -2 points 6 hours ago Just waiting for the first dipshit to make this about joOoZ. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 1 points 2 hours ago Congratulations you are him permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 1 points 2 hours ago Congratulations you are him permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode -2 points 9 hours ago That retard on the right is doing this to stoke division in America. The retard on the left is there to weaken Gods hold and the churchs ability to organize parallel systems. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 8 hours ago What divison? Show me this division of yours. Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. You'd say this if she complimented Donald Trump. You're dooming. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 0 points 7 hours ago Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. True, but the lie that comes before it is the real culprit. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 8 hours ago What divison? Show me this division of yours. Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. You'd say this if she complimented Donald Trump. You're dooming. permalink parent award report block reply American-Free-Man 0 points 7 hours ago Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. True, but the lie that comes before it is the real culprit. permalink parent award report block reply
American-Free-Man 0 points 7 hours ago Truth will ALWAYS be divisive. True, but the lie that comes before it is the real culprit. permalink parent award report block reply
TallestSkill 7 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 3 points 10 hours ago sex work is work, you bigot permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 8 hours ago lol permalink parent award report block reply skyhawk 2 points 10 hours ago What about side by side with a rear end? permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 3 points 10 hours ago sex work is work, you bigot permalink parent award report block reply learntocode 3 points 8 hours ago lol permalink parent award report block reply
learntocode 3 points 8 hours ago lol permalink parent award report block reply
skyhawk 2 points 10 hours ago What about side by side with a rear end? permalink parent award report block reply
coretraining 3 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink award report block reply
surgeriot -1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 10 hours ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 10 hours ago Elaborate. permalink parent award report block reply