472 It's what plants crave. posted 1 hour ago by Trumpymctrumpface 20 comments award share download report block
20 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MoreGuns 14 points 58 minutes ago CO2 is good for the atmosphere and biosphere. Releasing more of it should be celebrated permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 6 points 51 minutes ago But muH OZONE LAYER!! Funny how we don’t hear anything about that anymore… permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 2 points 30 minutes ago It's good up to a point. People start getting dumber if it gets too high. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 10 points 1 hour ago A great study is the Vostok ice core samples. It found that higher temperatures cause higher levels of co2 and not the other way around permalink award report block reply UH69MAGA 5 points 1 hour ago Don't be racist against SETTLED SOYANCE. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 2 points 26 minutes ago Yeah, I remember when I was in high school (I think this is the same study) the commies were all going on about how it would prove once and for all that higher CO2 caused high temperatures.  Then one day they just stopped mentioning it.  A couple years later, when I had access to a bunch of scientific journals through my university library, I looked up the study.  Yup, the high temps came first, then the high CO2 levels.  Consistent across the whole study, in both the long term and short term. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 1 points 8 minutes ago It's the sun. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 6 points 1 hour ago Remember the left always projects!  The CO2 Cycle, is scientific fact!  They are the ones that are denying science! https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/features/CarbonCycle A friendly reminder YOU are the carbon they want to reduce! permalink award report block reply uxername27 4 points 47 minutes ago If CO2 was even a green house gas, it wouldn't be the worst. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absorption_band https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5e/Atmospheric_Transmission-en.svg First of all, it's only 0.04% of the composition of the athmosphere. Second of all, according to the graphic above, water vapor is the main culprit in green house effect. Try regulating the oceans for once. permalink award report block reply Filo76 4 points 45 minutes ago Try regulating the oceans for once. Don’t give Bill Gates any ideas. permalink parent award report block reply I_love_liberty_2 3 points 49 minutes ago I thought it was electrolytes that plants crave hahah permalink award report block reply tlorsung 2 points 32 minutes ago 1 of many reasons Climate Change/Global warming is being used to Con YOU out of YOUR money! permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 2 points 30 minutes ago If you think about it, Vegans and Vegetarians should be hardcore for CO2 permalink award report block reply utfanx2 1 points 3 minutes ago If only CO2 scrubbers grew on trees. permalink award report block reply LaptopDied 1 points 9 minutes ago CO2 is a very small percentage of the earth's atmosphere. It is .04%. Yes it is where you get plants. Plants are where you get animals. Air is four fifths Nitrogen and one fifth Oxygen. permalink award report block reply Wupta PRO 1 points 37 minutes ago Just like energy the more the better. Cows fart! fart! Fart!!! permalink award report block reply HoldMyDangle 1 points 34 minutes ago Electrolytes? permalink award report block reply Elric44357 0 points 28 minutes ago It's not electrolytes? permalink award report block reply raid 1 points 19 minutes ago Brando has electrolytes! permalink parent award report block reply 0111000001100101 -1 points 42 minutes ago Literally edgelording idiocracy / the dark ages right now. permalink award report block reply
MoreGuns 14 points 58 minutes ago CO2 is good for the atmosphere and biosphere. Releasing more of it should be celebrated permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 6 points 51 minutes ago But muH OZONE LAYER!! Funny how we don’t hear anything about that anymore… permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 2 points 30 minutes ago It's good up to a point. People start getting dumber if it gets too high. permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 6 points 51 minutes ago But muH OZONE LAYER!! Funny how we don’t hear anything about that anymore… permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 2 points 30 minutes ago It's good up to a point. People start getting dumber if it gets too high. permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 10 points 1 hour ago A great study is the Vostok ice core samples. It found that higher temperatures cause higher levels of co2 and not the other way around permalink award report block reply UH69MAGA 5 points 1 hour ago Don't be racist against SETTLED SOYANCE. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 2 points 26 minutes ago Yeah, I remember when I was in high school (I think this is the same study) the commies were all going on about how it would prove once and for all that higher CO2 caused high temperatures.  Then one day they just stopped mentioning it.  A couple years later, when I had access to a bunch of scientific journals through my university library, I looked up the study.  Yup, the high temps came first, then the high CO2 levels.  Consistent across the whole study, in both the long term and short term. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 1 points 8 minutes ago It's the sun. permalink parent award report block reply
UH69MAGA 5 points 1 hour ago Don't be racist against SETTLED SOYANCE. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 2 points 26 minutes ago Yeah, I remember when I was in high school (I think this is the same study) the commies were all going on about how it would prove once and for all that higher CO2 caused high temperatures.  Then one day they just stopped mentioning it.  A couple years later, when I had access to a bunch of scientific journals through my university library, I looked up the study.  Yup, the high temps came first, then the high CO2 levels.  Consistent across the whole study, in both the long term and short term. permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 1 points 8 minutes ago It's the sun. permalink parent award report block reply
LaptopDied 1 points 8 minutes ago It's the sun. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 6 points 1 hour ago Remember the left always projects!  The CO2 Cycle, is scientific fact!  They are the ones that are denying science! https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/features/CarbonCycle A friendly reminder YOU are the carbon they want to reduce! permalink award report block reply
uxername27 4 points 47 minutes ago If CO2 was even a green house gas, it wouldn't be the worst. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absorption_band https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5e/Atmospheric_Transmission-en.svg First of all, it's only 0.04% of the composition of the athmosphere. Second of all, according to the graphic above, water vapor is the main culprit in green house effect. Try regulating the oceans for once. permalink award report block reply Filo76 4 points 45 minutes ago Try regulating the oceans for once. Don’t give Bill Gates any ideas. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 4 points 45 minutes ago Try regulating the oceans for once. Don’t give Bill Gates any ideas. permalink parent award report block reply
I_love_liberty_2 3 points 49 minutes ago I thought it was electrolytes that plants crave hahah permalink award report block reply
tlorsung 2 points 32 minutes ago 1 of many reasons Climate Change/Global warming is being used to Con YOU out of YOUR money! permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 2 points 30 minutes ago If you think about it, Vegans and Vegetarians should be hardcore for CO2 permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 1 points 3 minutes ago If only CO2 scrubbers grew on trees. permalink award report block reply
LaptopDied 1 points 9 minutes ago CO2 is a very small percentage of the earth's atmosphere. It is .04%. Yes it is where you get plants. Plants are where you get animals. Air is four fifths Nitrogen and one fifth Oxygen. permalink award report block reply
Wupta PRO 1 points 37 minutes ago Just like energy the more the better. Cows fart! fart! Fart!!! permalink award report block reply
HoldMyDangle 1 points 34 minutes ago Electrolytes? permalink award report block reply
Elric44357 0 points 28 minutes ago It's not electrolytes? permalink award report block reply raid 1 points 19 minutes ago Brando has electrolytes! permalink parent award report block reply
raid 1 points 19 minutes ago Brando has electrolytes! permalink parent award report block reply
0111000001100101 -1 points 42 minutes ago Literally edgelording idiocracy / the dark ages right now. permalink award report block reply