1167 🇺🇸 On THIS DAY in 1984, U.S. President Ronald Reagan won re-election in a LANDSLIDE victory over Democratic candidate Walter F. Mondale... posted 6 days ago by TheRedPilledArtist 155 comments award share download report block
155 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save corporateshizer 91 points 6 days ago On this day in 1986, Reagan signed the Immigration Reform Act into law, giving millions of illegal aliens citizenship, and making it illegal for businesses to discriminate against immigrants. https://www.congress.gov/bill/99th-congress/senate-bill/1200 permalink award report block reply DT170x 34 points 6 days ago You forgot that Reagan got back-stabbed by the Democrats that you conveniently left out. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 40 points 6 days ago patrioticwinning3 21 points 6 days ago Also, gave pharmaceutical companies COMPLETE IMMUNITY for all products labeled, "Vaccines.."  On a completely unrelated note since then the childhood vaccine has ballooned to over 70 shots and the definition of vaccine has changed to allow turbo cancer causing clot shots to be given COMPLETE IMMUNITY! permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 5 days ago Passed gun control laws too permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 9 points 6 days ago Trump was backstabbed for 4 years permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 11 points 6 days ago And we have been begging him since 2016 to FIRE the globohomos in his cabinet and he has refused... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago Five. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago This was a minor issue. In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldnt even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 2 points 6 days ago Makes me even more grateful that we have a truly brave and great leader in Trump in the White House permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 34 points 6 days ago Never, ever trust them. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 7 points 6 days ago If he really wanted border security he could have gotten it in the same bill. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago It was in the bill.... Democrats DEFUNDED BORDER SECURITY later on... It's how the Democrats backstabbed Reagan and America.  And it was only 3 mllion illegals - NONE of who were on welfare. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago What the fuck is "border security"? permalink parent award report block reply throwaway29834751 4 points 6 days ago the repeal of the 1965 immigration act edit / update - and ban all immigration from mexico too. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 6 days ago That makes it fucking worse. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 6 days ago How? permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago Who is the bigger fool in this scenario? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... _Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 6 days ago Communism 101: Destroy their heros. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 7 points 6 days ago Veto. https://www.thecongressproject.com/99th-congress Republicans held the Senate. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldn't even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork for verification of status. These illegals had to prove they were in the country since 1982 as well. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 6 days ago edxzxz 2 points 5 days ago The millions freed from communist tyranny by Reagan in Eastern Europe today stand as the last bulwark defending Western Civilization from the globohomo communists who have overrun Europe.  The USA now stands as the world's only superpower.  It is retarded to blame Reagan for what RINOS and dems did after he worked out the best solution he could on immigration.  Anyone who lived through the cold war and the cuckery of Jimmy Carter understands Reagan saved the free world and freed millions from lives of despair. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Someone gets it. Most of these kids weren't even born then. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 2 points 5 days ago Most of these “kids” are bots and paid liars. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 5 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 10 points 6 days ago I didn't scroll down fast enough. You got it first. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 5 points 6 days ago It made it illegal to hire illegal aliens, created an employment verification system, and created the employment verification systems. permalink parent award report block reply Desktop 0 points 5 days ago Yes it did these things but they never worked even a little bit to slow or stop illegal immigration.  All it did was create more government jobs to push around paperwork.  E-verify was and still is voluntary, and the fake ID industry is big business.  Total failure. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago Before Reagan you could hand fake IDs to the cops and the cops couldnt tell they were fake. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer -1 points 5 days ago And Obama made healthcare affordable. It says so, right there in the law, so it must be true. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago You are a jobless loser permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 4 days ago No, I am not an immigrant. Try to keep up with the conversation! permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply 3_Creepio 3 points 5 days ago Every time Reagan is mentioned these days, this seems to be the Pavlovian response from some on the right, and it’s embarrassing. This is a tactic employed by communists and socialists with regularity. Take any significant historical figure who stood in opposition to communism or globalism or the Democrat party in general and reduce them to a single talking point, as if everything else they achieved and stood for doesn’t matter. They want to polarize and isolate and sideline even there r opposition from the past. Mention Thomas Jefferson to a Democrat and they immediately spasm and start spitting out nonsense about Sally Hemmings, because that’s their programming. I don’t know where this programming came from about Reagan, but it’s bullshit. He wasn’t any more or less perfect than Trump (which is to say he made some mistakes), but taken in context, he was a great American president. Using the Leftist tactic of reducing him to a single talking point is a very bad idea. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago He destroyed California, retard. Go to California and look at all the brown invaders if you disagree. His legacy is shit now, because he didn't destroy communism, he gave communism a giant foothold in America. permalink parent award report block reply 3_Creepio 1 points 5 days ago Everything you just wrote in that reply is stupid and wrong. Everything. Democrats destroyed California. Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. You’re a fucking embarrassment. Go join the Democrats and be stupid over there on the left where you belong. I will waste no more time on you or your stupid take . Eat shit. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago If you can't tell the Immigration Reform Act destroyed America, you're probably a globo-homo foreigner who loved Reagan's gun grabbing laws as well. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments... Redpilled2Depression 40 points 6 days ago I miss this America and I wasn’t even alive to experience it. I feel fucking robbed of something so great and wonderful. That era, culture, ethics, and positivity for America could’ve lived on and on forever for all I care. Thinking about it makes me wanna cry. permalink award report block reply PyroSphere 21 points 6 days ago This is the first election I ever voted in, had just turned 18. I voted for Reagan and have never voted for a democrat in my life. I'm sure when I die, I'll start voting for them though. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Same here. I got to go to the inauguration that January, and it was cold as a witches tit. They had to move some stuff inside, it was so cold. I had a blast, though. Heady experience for a teenager. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 5 points 6 days ago I’m sure the Democrat party will be long dead by the time you leave this plane of existence permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Don't be so sure. Evil doesn't die so easily..... permalink parent award report block reply ONAVirus 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, and neither does stupidity, laziness or gullibleness. permalink parent award report block reply Icepck 4 points 6 days ago People are dying to votedemocrat, or so they say. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 9 points 6 days ago There's a welsh word for that feeling, it's called hiraeth. I feel it too. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 6 days ago Redpilled2Depression 4 points 6 days ago Great vaporwave album. I have it on vinyl and saw the artist in concert back in 2018. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 8 points 6 days ago I also wasn't alive to experience that version of America. I was born in 1999. The first election I was old enough to vote in was 2020. But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. And while I was only 16-17 in 2016, I vividly remember that election cycle and all the memes. I legitimately miss it. I'm well aware that things were better at the times I wasn't born yet, but even the times right before covid just felt so much better than when covid started. This decade has fucking SUCKED and it's just upsetting when I look back to before it. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 4 points 5 days ago the 1980's were great...  Reagan was a populist Nationalist Christian PRO AMERICAN - unlike Dems then and today. Here is a vid for your kids - hoping they get to live through something similar. 20 Things From The 1980s kids did, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 2 points 5 days ago But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. Oh damn, you are right. There is a distinct before and after emerging that is a generational remembrance. You don't have any memory of 9/11. Let me tell you, things changed. The suck has been ongoing for a long time. My parents remember the assassination of JFK. I wasn't alive yet, but that was a big suck for them. RIP Charlie Kirk... permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 2 points 6 days ago That feeling you have about covid lockdowns and the aftermath is the same feeling that anyone that was around long enough to experience the world pre 9/11 has. The world turned and it will never go back to how it was. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago There was a lot more Love... Trust... Unity.... 20 Things From The 1980s kids , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng Re-establishing key dynamics of that era - would be a win for everyone. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 1 points 6 days ago And the drugs. They didn't call it the decadent '80s for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... 24601 17 points 6 days ago And then he turned around and opened the flood gates granting mass AMNESTY to hordes of illegal aliens. https://guides.loc.gov/latinx-civil-rights/irca permalink award report block reply Zskills 4 points 6 days ago Was that before or after he emptied the insane asylums onto the street? permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago The dims did that law before he was elected…he just got the blame for that one permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago Amazing all the revisionist attacks against Reagan... all 'one sided' as if the NYT's or the CIA is writing that crap. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago They were already here before 1982. That isnt a flood gate. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner -1 points 6 days ago Don't forget when he took a huge shit all over the 2A by signing the "Firearm Owners Protection Act" in 1986. permalink parent award report block reply Hangemh1gh 17 points 6 days ago I remember going to my elementary school that night with both of my parents to vote. Mom and Dad made it into a fun night for us, getting pizza afterwards. I'll never forget that & I remember being pumped up for Reagan. I was 10 years old. Kek. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago We voted in a neighbor’s garage…. On paper, she knew EVERYONE by name every election she always said hello and had the book turned to your name when you stepped up.   No cheating back then permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 4 points 6 days ago That's the way it should be. Tickets with only America First candidates compete in the arena of ideas over the direction the country should go, a winner is fairly tallied, and everyone celebrates a peaceful transfer of power. After that, the president will make mistakes and course corrections are needed, but at least their intentions were always America First and never any other country first. permalink parent award report block reply mrh218 15 points 6 days ago This was the day Democrats knew they had lost the American vote forever. Then they went for the racist vote and immigrant vote. Lying, gaslighting, propagandizing, cheating, ruling, taxing, regulating, stealing, blackmailing, killing - everything other than what made this country great. They couldn't have it, so no one could! permalink award report block reply Nomad899 7 points 6 days ago A gay color revolution on the American public permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 3 points 6 days ago In the history books written about this era of America, I hope we emphasize just how gay it was. "It was an extra extremely hyper super gay color revolution." permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 6 days ago They got busy with rebuilding.  The phrase "political correctness" was first uttered in academia a few years later and the subversion from within has proliferated fir decades since. permalink parent award report block reply Stormeyworld13 13 points 6 days ago That was a big ass landslide. 🇺🇸 permalink award report block reply Bingo_is_my_namo 8 points 6 days ago In 1980 Reagan won in a big ass landslide.  489-49.  Then beats that in 1984 with a bigger ass landslide. permalink parent award report block reply Tyndel 6 points 6 days ago And yet he never had a republican congress so had to work with a democrat house his entire 8 years.  People seem to forget we still acted like the rules mattered back then so you had to compromise to get stuff through. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 6 days ago Probably our last fully legitimate election. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 1 points 5 days ago Reagan's campaign advisors begged him to make a last minute campaign rally in Minnesota the day before election day, because their polling showed he was a hair from flipping Minnesota to his side and that would have given him a clean sweep of all 50 states.  He refused, because he didn't want to humiliate his opponent by taking his home state just to dunk on him. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 12 points 6 days ago Unfortunately Reagan had a snake as his VP, same as Trump during his first term. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -12 points 6 days ago Bush Sr was a great VP. permalink parent award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 7 points 6 days ago Get the fuck out you dirty CIA spook. permalink parent award report block reply I_have_lady_parts-2 1 points 6 days ago Bush sr unalived jfk... gtfo... permalink parent award report block reply williammcfadden 10 points 6 days ago He freed Eastern Europe without a shot fired. Greatest achievement in world history. permalink award report block reply HoganT 5 points 6 days ago And now half the people here want to give it back. permalink parent award report block reply NoFats 8 points 6 days ago Walter Mondale was a commie. I miss my grandparents. permalink award report block reply Chickensaurus 7 points 6 days ago Then he passed that terrible gun grabber bill. permalink award report block reply Simple_Doot 3 points 6 days ago And amnesty and emptied the insane asylums.  I was not around for it but it seems like really, really bad moves. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Because you listened to the lefty shills who were put in classrooms to propagandize you. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago You are a fucking idiot, it was a gun rights bill. permalink parent award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 4 points 6 days ago Right, we couldn't own automatic weapons because of "rights." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago Why do you want it to be illegal to buy ammo online? Where would you even buy ammo for your automatic weapon? Unless it was in 30-06 or 22lr, you couldnt get it. permalink parent award report block reply placeoferudition 5 points 6 days ago We didn't know how good we had it. permalink award report block reply terribletwos 5 points 6 days ago You mean George Bush Sr. won. permalink award report block reply HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Bush was gum on Reagan's shoe. permalink parent award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 5 points 6 days ago Without rigging, every state expect one or two, plus D.C. was red like Reagan last year. Reagan was the greatest President before Trump came along. Reagan was Proto-Trump. It took 30 years to see another great man surpass Reagan's legacy. permalink award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist OP 5 points 6 days ago SOURCE: https://www.britannica.com/on-this-day permalink award report block reply SomecatsareMAGA 3 points 6 days ago I remember. First time I voted. Loved him. permalink award report block reply Right_of_Sinner 3 points 6 days ago Mondale won 85%+ of the votes in DC. These people should not be allowed to vote. permalink award report block reply ImpregnatingYourDad 3 points 6 days ago "Fun" fact, in the 84 election Reagan won 49 of 50 states.  The only state Mondale won was his home state of Minnesota, and he won it by 0.18% Meanwhile, Mondale also happened to win D.C. by 71.65%. The swamp has been in dire need of draining since before even our current VP was born. permalink award report block reply Szczecina 2 points 6 days ago That was the first time I ever voted, and I haven't voted for a Demoncat since then. When people ask me why I don't vote for Demoncats, I tell them that it is a sin to vote for them. So I don't want to displease God at all. permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 2 points 6 days ago I remember when mondale lost in mn, decades later. It made made him the first major party candidate to lose an election in every state. kek permalink award report block reply SimaYi 2 points 6 days ago When America was a White country. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 2 points 5 days ago Ronald Reagan decisively defeated Walter Mondale in the 1984 United States presidential election, winning a landslide victory with 525 electoral votes to Mondale's 13. I remember that night.... the News agencies called it at 9pm.    The Blowout was somewhat surprising because the MSM KEPT GIVING MONDALE A CHANCE right up to election day....  then they all ate crow as Reagan blew out the numbers. permalink award report block reply Texar1991 2 points 5 days ago “I want you to know that also I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent's youth and inexperience”. Even Mondale laughed. permalink award report block reply top_eagle 2 points 6 days ago This was the first time there was a female on the ticket, too.  I remember being  it the fourth grade and thinking it was scary that a female could
Be president, especially one who used three fucked up names in her sig, permalink award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Especially with that dykey haircut. permalink parent award report block reply least_counties_ever 2 points 6 days ago Mondale won more counties than Biden. permalink award report block reply panic_scam 2 points 6 days ago Reagan backed the Brady Bill and assault weapons act. permalink award report block reply ShinAkuma 2 points 5 days ago Reagan made a few mistakes, some of which haunt us now. But he did a good job and his decade is one of the greatest on record. Economy, culture and society were peaking. Most of us here, if we were transported to 80s America, would think they went to another planet - It was that good. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 1 points 6 days ago This post is brought to you by Newsmax.....cue the patriotic music. permalink award report block reply 45isthebomb 1 points 5 days ago That was my second vote and #2 for President Reagan. permalink award report block reply Bigly2020 1 points 5 days ago Then he proceeded to turn California blue permalink award report block reply Desktop 1 points 5 days ago Mondale was a Johnson/ Humphrey democrat so… a big-government socialist. permalink award report block reply Deplorable_Citizen 1 points 6 days ago Opened the insane asylums, began the flooding of third-world savages into the U.S. with mass immigration/amnesty, and was the president that started the overspending spree that we are now seeing the crushing result of (let's also not forget that Dick Cheney, may he rest in piss, said that "Reagan proves that deficits don't matter"). Sure was a good president.... rolls eyes permalink award report block reply knnbccb 4 points 6 days ago Way better than his predecessor. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 2 points 6 days ago To be fair he did agree to amnesty but the agreement was that they would then secure the border, which they never did. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago The lefties in academia have flogged this bullshit for decades.  Distortions and half truths, as per everything the left propagandizes with. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You dont know what the fuck you are talking about. It was JFK who opened the insane asylums and Reagan was left with a disfunctional shitshow of half-assed programs. Regan did no such thing to have 3rd worlders come here - Amnesty was for people here before 1982, it let no one new in. Reagan's spending ended stagflation, which was a far worse crisis than any issue with debt. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago There are people here old enough to know what you are saying isnt true. I was 10 and aware of the world around me. What you said didnt happen. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago Stagflation didnt happen? JFK didnt pass laws to close the asylums after his sister was lobotomized? What the fuck are you disputing? permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply DefKon1 1 points 6 days ago My first vote ever...🐸👍 permalink award report block reply UnknownUserName 1 points 5 days ago Thanks for eliminating open carry in California and legalizing all of the illegals there permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 1 points 6 days ago looks like a female insurrection permalink award report block reply TrumpTank 0 points 6 days ago Remember when The Donald didn't just suck any republican cock? A few of you might permalink award report block reply VanDeKoik 0 points 5 days ago Sadly this post is wasted on Zoomer-llenials here, that would have been advocates of fucking David Duke, if they were around back then. permalink award report block reply BrionK 0 points 6 days ago Reagan, Nixon Bohemian Grove
IYKYK permalink award report block reply MisterMAGA 0 points 6 days ago Si, se puede! permalink award report block reply CaptainTrouble -1 points 6 days ago Reagan was a terrible president. permalink award report block reply PitfallHarry -1 points 6 days ago He was also a free trade globohomo. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are a communist. permalink parent award report block reply PitfallHarry 1 points 5 days ago Ok faggot so tell us how Reagan wasn’t for free trade when it’s his fucking speech the left is playing on repeat. Thanks for playing. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Why are you a communist? permalink parent award report block reply Dr_Phil 0 points 6 days ago No you permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 -1 points 6 days ago And then he destroyed immigration. He single handily FUCKED generations to come. Now that is a TRUE republican. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago A true conservative /s permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams -1 points 6 days ago I campaigned for and voted for Mondale/Ferraro. Damn, I was a fool with 145 IQ… permalink award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk -2 points 6 days ago It really says something about the GOP that their best president was just Democrat-lite. permalink award report block reply HoganP 4 points 6 days ago You're an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
corporateshizer 91 points 6 days ago On this day in 1986, Reagan signed the Immigration Reform Act into law, giving millions of illegal aliens citizenship, and making it illegal for businesses to discriminate against immigrants. https://www.congress.gov/bill/99th-congress/senate-bill/1200 permalink award report block reply DT170x 34 points 6 days ago You forgot that Reagan got back-stabbed by the Democrats that you conveniently left out. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 40 points 6 days ago patrioticwinning3 21 points 6 days ago Also, gave pharmaceutical companies COMPLETE IMMUNITY for all products labeled, "Vaccines.."  On a completely unrelated note since then the childhood vaccine has ballooned to over 70 shots and the definition of vaccine has changed to allow turbo cancer causing clot shots to be given COMPLETE IMMUNITY! permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 5 days ago Passed gun control laws too permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 9 points 6 days ago Trump was backstabbed for 4 years permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 11 points 6 days ago And we have been begging him since 2016 to FIRE the globohomos in his cabinet and he has refused... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago Five. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago This was a minor issue. In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldnt even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 2 points 6 days ago Makes me even more grateful that we have a truly brave and great leader in Trump in the White House permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 34 points 6 days ago Never, ever trust them. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 7 points 6 days ago If he really wanted border security he could have gotten it in the same bill. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago It was in the bill.... Democrats DEFUNDED BORDER SECURITY later on... It's how the Democrats backstabbed Reagan and America.  And it was only 3 mllion illegals - NONE of who were on welfare. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago What the fuck is "border security"? permalink parent award report block reply throwaway29834751 4 points 6 days ago the repeal of the 1965 immigration act edit / update - and ban all immigration from mexico too. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 6 days ago That makes it fucking worse. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 6 days ago How? permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago Who is the bigger fool in this scenario? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments... _Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 6 days ago Communism 101: Destroy their heros. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 7 points 6 days ago Veto. https://www.thecongressproject.com/99th-congress Republicans held the Senate. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldn't even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork for verification of status. These illegals had to prove they were in the country since 1982 as well. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 6 days ago edxzxz 2 points 5 days ago The millions freed from communist tyranny by Reagan in Eastern Europe today stand as the last bulwark defending Western Civilization from the globohomo communists who have overrun Europe.  The USA now stands as the world's only superpower.  It is retarded to blame Reagan for what RINOS and dems did after he worked out the best solution he could on immigration.  Anyone who lived through the cold war and the cuckery of Jimmy Carter understands Reagan saved the free world and freed millions from lives of despair. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Someone gets it. Most of these kids weren't even born then. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 2 points 5 days ago Most of these “kids” are bots and paid liars. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 5 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 10 points 6 days ago I didn't scroll down fast enough. You got it first. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 5 points 6 days ago It made it illegal to hire illegal aliens, created an employment verification system, and created the employment verification systems. permalink parent award report block reply Desktop 0 points 5 days ago Yes it did these things but they never worked even a little bit to slow or stop illegal immigration.  All it did was create more government jobs to push around paperwork.  E-verify was and still is voluntary, and the fake ID industry is big business.  Total failure. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago Before Reagan you could hand fake IDs to the cops and the cops couldnt tell they were fake. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer -1 points 5 days ago And Obama made healthcare affordable. It says so, right there in the law, so it must be true. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago You are a jobless loser permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 4 days ago No, I am not an immigrant. Try to keep up with the conversation! permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply 3_Creepio 3 points 5 days ago Every time Reagan is mentioned these days, this seems to be the Pavlovian response from some on the right, and it’s embarrassing. This is a tactic employed by communists and socialists with regularity. Take any significant historical figure who stood in opposition to communism or globalism or the Democrat party in general and reduce them to a single talking point, as if everything else they achieved and stood for doesn’t matter. They want to polarize and isolate and sideline even there r opposition from the past. Mention Thomas Jefferson to a Democrat and they immediately spasm and start spitting out nonsense about Sally Hemmings, because that’s their programming. I don’t know where this programming came from about Reagan, but it’s bullshit. He wasn’t any more or less perfect than Trump (which is to say he made some mistakes), but taken in context, he was a great American president. Using the Leftist tactic of reducing him to a single talking point is a very bad idea. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago He destroyed California, retard. Go to California and look at all the brown invaders if you disagree. His legacy is shit now, because he didn't destroy communism, he gave communism a giant foothold in America. permalink parent award report block reply 3_Creepio 1 points 5 days ago Everything you just wrote in that reply is stupid and wrong. Everything. Democrats destroyed California. Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. You’re a fucking embarrassment. Go join the Democrats and be stupid over there on the left where you belong. I will waste no more time on you or your stupid take . Eat shit. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago If you can't tell the Immigration Reform Act destroyed America, you're probably a globo-homo foreigner who loved Reagan's gun grabbing laws as well. permalink parent award report block reply load 8 more comments...
DT170x 34 points 6 days ago You forgot that Reagan got back-stabbed by the Democrats that you conveniently left out. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 40 points 6 days ago patrioticwinning3 21 points 6 days ago Also, gave pharmaceutical companies COMPLETE IMMUNITY for all products labeled, "Vaccines.."  On a completely unrelated note since then the childhood vaccine has ballooned to over 70 shots and the definition of vaccine has changed to allow turbo cancer causing clot shots to be given COMPLETE IMMUNITY! permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 5 days ago Passed gun control laws too permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 9 points 6 days ago Trump was backstabbed for 4 years permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 11 points 6 days ago And we have been begging him since 2016 to FIRE the globohomos in his cabinet and he has refused... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago Five. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago This was a minor issue. In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldnt even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 2 points 6 days ago Makes me even more grateful that we have a truly brave and great leader in Trump in the White House permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 34 points 6 days ago Never, ever trust them. permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 7 points 6 days ago If he really wanted border security he could have gotten it in the same bill. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago It was in the bill.... Democrats DEFUNDED BORDER SECURITY later on... It's how the Democrats backstabbed Reagan and America.  And it was only 3 mllion illegals - NONE of who were on welfare. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago What the fuck is "border security"? permalink parent award report block reply throwaway29834751 4 points 6 days ago the repeal of the 1965 immigration act edit / update - and ban all immigration from mexico too. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 6 days ago That makes it fucking worse. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 6 days ago How? permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago Who is the bigger fool in this scenario? permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
deleted 40 points 6 days ago patrioticwinning3 21 points 6 days ago Also, gave pharmaceutical companies COMPLETE IMMUNITY for all products labeled, "Vaccines.."  On a completely unrelated note since then the childhood vaccine has ballooned to over 70 shots and the definition of vaccine has changed to allow turbo cancer causing clot shots to be given COMPLETE IMMUNITY! permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 5 days ago Passed gun control laws too permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 9 points 6 days ago Trump was backstabbed for 4 years permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 11 points 6 days ago And we have been begging him since 2016 to FIRE the globohomos in his cabinet and he has refused... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago Five. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago This was a minor issue. In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldnt even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork. permalink parent award report block reply axiy 2 points 6 days ago Makes me even more grateful that we have a truly brave and great leader in Trump in the White House permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 21 points 6 days ago Also, gave pharmaceutical companies COMPLETE IMMUNITY for all products labeled, "Vaccines.."  On a completely unrelated note since then the childhood vaccine has ballooned to over 70 shots and the definition of vaccine has changed to allow turbo cancer causing clot shots to be given COMPLETE IMMUNITY! permalink parent award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 5 days ago Passed gun control laws too permalink parent award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 2 points 5 days ago Passed gun control laws too permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_NRG 9 points 6 days ago Trump was backstabbed for 4 years permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 11 points 6 days ago And we have been begging him since 2016 to FIRE the globohomos in his cabinet and he has refused... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago Five. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 11 points 6 days ago And we have been begging him since 2016 to FIRE the globohomos in his cabinet and he has refused... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
MegoThor 1 points 5 days ago Five. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago This was a minor issue. In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldnt even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork. permalink parent award report block reply
axiy 2 points 6 days ago Makes me even more grateful that we have a truly brave and great leader in Trump in the White House permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 34 points 6 days ago Never, ever trust them. permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 7 points 6 days ago If he really wanted border security he could have gotten it in the same bill. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago It was in the bill.... Democrats DEFUNDED BORDER SECURITY later on... It's how the Democrats backstabbed Reagan and America.  And it was only 3 mllion illegals - NONE of who were on welfare. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago What the fuck is "border security"? permalink parent award report block reply throwaway29834751 4 points 6 days ago the repeal of the 1965 immigration act edit / update - and ban all immigration from mexico too. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago It was in the bill.... Democrats DEFUNDED BORDER SECURITY later on... It's how the Democrats backstabbed Reagan and America.  And it was only 3 mllion illegals - NONE of who were on welfare. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago What the fuck is "border security"? permalink parent award report block reply throwaway29834751 4 points 6 days ago the repeal of the 1965 immigration act edit / update - and ban all immigration from mexico too. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
throwaway29834751 4 points 6 days ago the repeal of the 1965 immigration act edit / update - and ban all immigration from mexico too. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 2 points 6 days ago That makes it fucking worse. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 6 days ago How? permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 6 days ago How? permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 5 days ago Who is the bigger fool in this scenario? permalink parent award report block reply
_Liberty_Prime_ 13 points 6 days ago Communism 101: Destroy their heros. permalink parent award report block reply 24601 7 points 6 days ago Veto. https://www.thecongressproject.com/99th-congress Republicans held the Senate. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldn't even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork for verification of status. These illegals had to prove they were in the country since 1982 as well. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 6 points 6 days ago edxzxz 2 points 5 days ago The millions freed from communist tyranny by Reagan in Eastern Europe today stand as the last bulwark defending Western Civilization from the globohomo communists who have overrun Europe.  The USA now stands as the world's only superpower.  It is retarded to blame Reagan for what RINOS and dems did after he worked out the best solution he could on immigration.  Anyone who lived through the cold war and the cuckery of Jimmy Carter understands Reagan saved the free world and freed millions from lives of despair. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Someone gets it. Most of these kids weren't even born then. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 2 points 5 days ago Most of these “kids” are bots and paid liars. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 5 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 7 points 6 days ago Veto. https://www.thecongressproject.com/99th-congress Republicans held the Senate. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldn't even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork for verification of status. These illegals had to prove they were in the country since 1982 as well. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 6 days ago In 1986 you could show fake documents to the cops and the cops wouldn't even know they were fake. This cleaned up records for the creation of proper paperwork for verification of status. These illegals had to prove they were in the country since 1982 as well. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 6 points 6 days ago edxzxz 2 points 5 days ago The millions freed from communist tyranny by Reagan in Eastern Europe today stand as the last bulwark defending Western Civilization from the globohomo communists who have overrun Europe.  The USA now stands as the world's only superpower.  It is retarded to blame Reagan for what RINOS and dems did after he worked out the best solution he could on immigration.  Anyone who lived through the cold war and the cuckery of Jimmy Carter understands Reagan saved the free world and freed millions from lives of despair. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 5 days ago The millions freed from communist tyranny by Reagan in Eastern Europe today stand as the last bulwark defending Western Civilization from the globohomo communists who have overrun Europe.  The USA now stands as the world's only superpower.  It is retarded to blame Reagan for what RINOS and dems did after he worked out the best solution he could on immigration.  Anyone who lived through the cold war and the cuckery of Jimmy Carter understands Reagan saved the free world and freed millions from lives of despair. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Someone gets it. Most of these kids weren't even born then. permalink parent award report block reply MegoThor 2 points 5 days ago Most of these “kids” are bots and paid liars. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 5 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
MegoThor 2 points 5 days ago Most of these “kids” are bots and paid liars. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 5 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 2 points 5 days ago Correct. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 10 points 6 days ago I didn't scroll down fast enough. You got it first. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 5 points 6 days ago It made it illegal to hire illegal aliens, created an employment verification system, and created the employment verification systems. permalink parent award report block reply Desktop 0 points 5 days ago Yes it did these things but they never worked even a little bit to slow or stop illegal immigration.  All it did was create more government jobs to push around paperwork.  E-verify was and still is voluntary, and the fake ID industry is big business.  Total failure. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago Before Reagan you could hand fake IDs to the cops and the cops couldnt tell they were fake. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer -1 points 5 days ago And Obama made healthcare affordable. It says so, right there in the law, so it must be true. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago You are a jobless loser permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 4 days ago No, I am not an immigrant. Try to keep up with the conversation! permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Desktop 0 points 5 days ago Yes it did these things but they never worked even a little bit to slow or stop illegal immigration.  All it did was create more government jobs to push around paperwork.  E-verify was and still is voluntary, and the fake ID industry is big business.  Total failure. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago Before Reagan you could hand fake IDs to the cops and the cops couldnt tell they were fake. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 5 days ago Before Reagan you could hand fake IDs to the cops and the cops couldnt tell they were fake. permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer -1 points 5 days ago And Obama made healthcare affordable. It says so, right there in the law, so it must be true. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago You are a jobless loser permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 4 days ago No, I am not an immigrant. Try to keep up with the conversation! permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago You are a jobless loser permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 4 days ago No, I am not an immigrant. Try to keep up with the conversation! permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
corporateshizer 1 points 4 days ago No, I am not an immigrant. Try to keep up with the conversation! permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
3_Creepio 3 points 5 days ago Every time Reagan is mentioned these days, this seems to be the Pavlovian response from some on the right, and it’s embarrassing. This is a tactic employed by communists and socialists with regularity. Take any significant historical figure who stood in opposition to communism or globalism or the Democrat party in general and reduce them to a single talking point, as if everything else they achieved and stood for doesn’t matter. They want to polarize and isolate and sideline even there r opposition from the past. Mention Thomas Jefferson to a Democrat and they immediately spasm and start spitting out nonsense about Sally Hemmings, because that’s their programming. I don’t know where this programming came from about Reagan, but it’s bullshit. He wasn’t any more or less perfect than Trump (which is to say he made some mistakes), but taken in context, he was a great American president. Using the Leftist tactic of reducing him to a single talking point is a very bad idea. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago He destroyed California, retard. Go to California and look at all the brown invaders if you disagree. His legacy is shit now, because he didn't destroy communism, he gave communism a giant foothold in America. permalink parent award report block reply 3_Creepio 1 points 5 days ago Everything you just wrote in that reply is stupid and wrong. Everything. Democrats destroyed California. Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. You’re a fucking embarrassment. Go join the Democrats and be stupid over there on the left where you belong. I will waste no more time on you or your stupid take . Eat shit. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago If you can't tell the Immigration Reform Act destroyed America, you're probably a globo-homo foreigner who loved Reagan's gun grabbing laws as well. permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago He destroyed California, retard. Go to California and look at all the brown invaders if you disagree. His legacy is shit now, because he didn't destroy communism, he gave communism a giant foothold in America. permalink parent award report block reply 3_Creepio 1 points 5 days ago Everything you just wrote in that reply is stupid and wrong. Everything. Democrats destroyed California. Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. You’re a fucking embarrassment. Go join the Democrats and be stupid over there on the left where you belong. I will waste no more time on you or your stupid take . Eat shit. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago If you can't tell the Immigration Reform Act destroyed America, you're probably a globo-homo foreigner who loved Reagan's gun grabbing laws as well. permalink parent award report block reply
3_Creepio 1 points 5 days ago Everything you just wrote in that reply is stupid and wrong. Everything. Democrats destroyed California. Reagan destroyed the Soviet Union. You’re a fucking embarrassment. Go join the Democrats and be stupid over there on the left where you belong. I will waste no more time on you or your stupid take . Eat shit. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago If you can't tell the Immigration Reform Act destroyed America, you're probably a globo-homo foreigner who loved Reagan's gun grabbing laws as well. permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 1 points 5 days ago If you can't tell the Immigration Reform Act destroyed America, you're probably a globo-homo foreigner who loved Reagan's gun grabbing laws as well. permalink parent award report block reply
Redpilled2Depression 40 points 6 days ago I miss this America and I wasn’t even alive to experience it. I feel fucking robbed of something so great and wonderful. That era, culture, ethics, and positivity for America could’ve lived on and on forever for all I care. Thinking about it makes me wanna cry. permalink award report block reply PyroSphere 21 points 6 days ago This is the first election I ever voted in, had just turned 18. I voted for Reagan and have never voted for a democrat in my life. I'm sure when I die, I'll start voting for them though. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Same here. I got to go to the inauguration that January, and it was cold as a witches tit. They had to move some stuff inside, it was so cold. I had a blast, though. Heady experience for a teenager. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 5 points 6 days ago I’m sure the Democrat party will be long dead by the time you leave this plane of existence permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Don't be so sure. Evil doesn't die so easily..... permalink parent award report block reply ONAVirus 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, and neither does stupidity, laziness or gullibleness. permalink parent award report block reply Icepck 4 points 6 days ago People are dying to votedemocrat, or so they say. permalink parent award report block reply Husky 9 points 6 days ago There's a welsh word for that feeling, it's called hiraeth. I feel it too. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 6 days ago Redpilled2Depression 4 points 6 days ago Great vaporwave album. I have it on vinyl and saw the artist in concert back in 2018. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 8 points 6 days ago I also wasn't alive to experience that version of America. I was born in 1999. The first election I was old enough to vote in was 2020. But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. And while I was only 16-17 in 2016, I vividly remember that election cycle and all the memes. I legitimately miss it. I'm well aware that things were better at the times I wasn't born yet, but even the times right before covid just felt so much better than when covid started. This decade has fucking SUCKED and it's just upsetting when I look back to before it. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 4 points 5 days ago the 1980's were great...  Reagan was a populist Nationalist Christian PRO AMERICAN - unlike Dems then and today. Here is a vid for your kids - hoping they get to live through something similar. 20 Things From The 1980s kids did, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 2 points 5 days ago But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. Oh damn, you are right. There is a distinct before and after emerging that is a generational remembrance. You don't have any memory of 9/11. Let me tell you, things changed. The suck has been ongoing for a long time. My parents remember the assassination of JFK. I wasn't alive yet, but that was a big suck for them. RIP Charlie Kirk... permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 2 points 6 days ago That feeling you have about covid lockdowns and the aftermath is the same feeling that anyone that was around long enough to experience the world pre 9/11 has. The world turned and it will never go back to how it was. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago There was a lot more Love... Trust... Unity.... 20 Things From The 1980s kids , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng Re-establishing key dynamics of that era - would be a win for everyone. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 1 points 6 days ago And the drugs. They didn't call it the decadent '80s for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply load 2 more comments...
PyroSphere 21 points 6 days ago This is the first election I ever voted in, had just turned 18. I voted for Reagan and have never voted for a democrat in my life. I'm sure when I die, I'll start voting for them though. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Same here. I got to go to the inauguration that January, and it was cold as a witches tit. They had to move some stuff inside, it was so cold. I had a blast, though. Heady experience for a teenager. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 5 points 6 days ago I’m sure the Democrat party will be long dead by the time you leave this plane of existence permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Don't be so sure. Evil doesn't die so easily..... permalink parent award report block reply ONAVirus 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, and neither does stupidity, laziness or gullibleness. permalink parent award report block reply Icepck 4 points 6 days ago People are dying to votedemocrat, or so they say. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Same here. I got to go to the inauguration that January, and it was cold as a witches tit. They had to move some stuff inside, it was so cold. I had a blast, though. Heady experience for a teenager. permalink parent award report block reply
Redpilled2Depression 5 points 6 days ago I’m sure the Democrat party will be long dead by the time you leave this plane of existence permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Don't be so sure. Evil doesn't die so easily..... permalink parent award report block reply ONAVirus 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, and neither does stupidity, laziness or gullibleness. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 8 points 6 days ago Don't be so sure. Evil doesn't die so easily..... permalink parent award report block reply ONAVirus 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, and neither does stupidity, laziness or gullibleness. permalink parent award report block reply
ONAVirus 2 points 5 days ago Exactly, and neither does stupidity, laziness or gullibleness. permalink parent award report block reply
Icepck 4 points 6 days ago People are dying to votedemocrat, or so they say. permalink parent award report block reply
Husky 9 points 6 days ago There's a welsh word for that feeling, it's called hiraeth. I feel it too. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 4 points 6 days ago Redpilled2Depression 4 points 6 days ago Great vaporwave album. I have it on vinyl and saw the artist in concert back in 2018. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 4 points 6 days ago Redpilled2Depression 4 points 6 days ago Great vaporwave album. I have it on vinyl and saw the artist in concert back in 2018. permalink parent award report block reply
Redpilled2Depression 4 points 6 days ago Great vaporwave album. I have it on vinyl and saw the artist in concert back in 2018. permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 8 points 6 days ago I also wasn't alive to experience that version of America. I was born in 1999. The first election I was old enough to vote in was 2020. But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. And while I was only 16-17 in 2016, I vividly remember that election cycle and all the memes. I legitimately miss it. I'm well aware that things were better at the times I wasn't born yet, but even the times right before covid just felt so much better than when covid started. This decade has fucking SUCKED and it's just upsetting when I look back to before it. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 4 points 5 days ago the 1980's were great...  Reagan was a populist Nationalist Christian PRO AMERICAN - unlike Dems then and today. Here is a vid for your kids - hoping they get to live through something similar. 20 Things From The 1980s kids did, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 2 points 5 days ago But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. Oh damn, you are right. There is a distinct before and after emerging that is a generational remembrance. You don't have any memory of 9/11. Let me tell you, things changed. The suck has been ongoing for a long time. My parents remember the assassination of JFK. I wasn't alive yet, but that was a big suck for them. RIP Charlie Kirk... permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner 2 points 6 days ago That feeling you have about covid lockdowns and the aftermath is the same feeling that anyone that was around long enough to experience the world pre 9/11 has. The world turned and it will never go back to how it was. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 4 points 5 days ago the 1980's were great...  Reagan was a populist Nationalist Christian PRO AMERICAN - unlike Dems then and today. Here is a vid for your kids - hoping they get to live through something similar. 20 Things From The 1980s kids did, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng permalink parent award report block reply
punkalicious 2 points 5 days ago But I very vividly remember what things were like before covid. Oh damn, you are right. There is a distinct before and after emerging that is a generational remembrance. You don't have any memory of 9/11. Let me tell you, things changed. The suck has been ongoing for a long time. My parents remember the assassination of JFK. I wasn't alive yet, but that was a big suck for them. RIP Charlie Kirk... permalink parent award report block reply
Electrocutioner 2 points 6 days ago That feeling you have about covid lockdowns and the aftermath is the same feeling that anyone that was around long enough to experience the world pre 9/11 has. The world turned and it will never go back to how it was. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago There was a lot more Love... Trust... Unity.... 20 Things From The 1980s kids , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5ur_Wi1Lng Re-establishing key dynamics of that era - would be a win for everyone. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_NRG 1 points 6 days ago And the drugs. They didn't call it the decadent '80s for nothing. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 17 points 6 days ago And then he turned around and opened the flood gates granting mass AMNESTY to hordes of illegal aliens. https://guides.loc.gov/latinx-civil-rights/irca permalink award report block reply Zskills 4 points 6 days ago Was that before or after he emptied the insane asylums onto the street? permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago The dims did that law before he was elected…he just got the blame for that one permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago Amazing all the revisionist attacks against Reagan... all 'one sided' as if the NYT's or the CIA is writing that crap. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago They were already here before 1982. That isnt a flood gate. permalink parent award report block reply Electrocutioner -1 points 6 days ago Don't forget when he took a huge shit all over the 2A by signing the "Firearm Owners Protection Act" in 1986. permalink parent award report block reply
Zskills 4 points 6 days ago Was that before or after he emptied the insane asylums onto the street? permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago The dims did that law before he was elected…he just got the blame for that one permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago Amazing all the revisionist attacks against Reagan... all 'one sided' as if the NYT's or the CIA is writing that crap. permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago The dims did that law before he was elected…he just got the blame for that one permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago Amazing all the revisionist attacks against Reagan... all 'one sided' as if the NYT's or the CIA is writing that crap. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 3 points 5 days ago Amazing all the revisionist attacks against Reagan... all 'one sided' as if the NYT's or the CIA is writing that crap. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago They were already here before 1982. That isnt a flood gate. permalink parent award report block reply
Electrocutioner -1 points 6 days ago Don't forget when he took a huge shit all over the 2A by signing the "Firearm Owners Protection Act" in 1986. permalink parent award report block reply
Hangemh1gh 17 points 6 days ago I remember going to my elementary school that night with both of my parents to vote. Mom and Dad made it into a fun night for us, getting pizza afterwards. I'll never forget that & I remember being pumped up for Reagan. I was 10 years old. Kek. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago We voted in a neighbor’s garage…. On paper, she knew EVERYONE by name every election she always said hello and had the book turned to your name when you stepped up.   No cheating back then permalink parent award report block reply KekistanPM 4 points 6 days ago That's the way it should be. Tickets with only America First candidates compete in the arena of ideas over the direction the country should go, a winner is fairly tallied, and everyone celebrates a peaceful transfer of power. After that, the president will make mistakes and course corrections are needed, but at least their intentions were always America First and never any other country first. permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 8 points 6 days ago We voted in a neighbor’s garage…. On paper, she knew EVERYONE by name every election she always said hello and had the book turned to your name when you stepped up.   No cheating back then permalink parent award report block reply
KekistanPM 4 points 6 days ago That's the way it should be. Tickets with only America First candidates compete in the arena of ideas over the direction the country should go, a winner is fairly tallied, and everyone celebrates a peaceful transfer of power. After that, the president will make mistakes and course corrections are needed, but at least their intentions were always America First and never any other country first. permalink parent award report block reply
mrh218 15 points 6 days ago This was the day Democrats knew they had lost the American vote forever. Then they went for the racist vote and immigrant vote. Lying, gaslighting, propagandizing, cheating, ruling, taxing, regulating, stealing, blackmailing, killing - everything other than what made this country great. They couldn't have it, so no one could! permalink award report block reply Nomad899 7 points 6 days ago A gay color revolution on the American public permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 3 points 6 days ago In the history books written about this era of America, I hope we emphasize just how gay it was. "It was an extra extremely hyper super gay color revolution." permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 3 points 6 days ago They got busy with rebuilding.  The phrase "political correctness" was first uttered in academia a few years later and the subversion from within has proliferated fir decades since. permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 7 points 6 days ago A gay color revolution on the American public permalink parent award report block reply WooseTheMoose 3 points 6 days ago In the history books written about this era of America, I hope we emphasize just how gay it was. "It was an extra extremely hyper super gay color revolution." permalink parent award report block reply
WooseTheMoose 3 points 6 days ago In the history books written about this era of America, I hope we emphasize just how gay it was. "It was an extra extremely hyper super gay color revolution." permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 3 points 6 days ago They got busy with rebuilding.  The phrase "political correctness" was first uttered in academia a few years later and the subversion from within has proliferated fir decades since. permalink parent award report block reply
Stormeyworld13 13 points 6 days ago That was a big ass landslide. 🇺🇸 permalink award report block reply Bingo_is_my_namo 8 points 6 days ago In 1980 Reagan won in a big ass landslide.  489-49.  Then beats that in 1984 with a bigger ass landslide. permalink parent award report block reply Tyndel 6 points 6 days ago And yet he never had a republican congress so had to work with a democrat house his entire 8 years.  People seem to forget we still acted like the rules mattered back then so you had to compromise to get stuff through. permalink parent award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 6 days ago Probably our last fully legitimate election. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 1 points 5 days ago Reagan's campaign advisors begged him to make a last minute campaign rally in Minnesota the day before election day, because their polling showed he was a hair from flipping Minnesota to his side and that would have given him a clean sweep of all 50 states.  He refused, because he didn't want to humiliate his opponent by taking his home state just to dunk on him. permalink parent award report block reply
Bingo_is_my_namo 8 points 6 days ago In 1980 Reagan won in a big ass landslide.  489-49.  Then beats that in 1984 with a bigger ass landslide. permalink parent award report block reply Tyndel 6 points 6 days ago And yet he never had a republican congress so had to work with a democrat house his entire 8 years.  People seem to forget we still acted like the rules mattered back then so you had to compromise to get stuff through. permalink parent award report block reply
Tyndel 6 points 6 days ago And yet he never had a republican congress so had to work with a democrat house his entire 8 years.  People seem to forget we still acted like the rules mattered back then so you had to compromise to get stuff through. permalink parent award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 7 points 6 days ago Probably our last fully legitimate election. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 1 points 5 days ago Reagan's campaign advisors begged him to make a last minute campaign rally in Minnesota the day before election day, because their polling showed he was a hair from flipping Minnesota to his side and that would have given him a clean sweep of all 50 states.  He refused, because he didn't want to humiliate his opponent by taking his home state just to dunk on him. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 12 points 6 days ago Unfortunately Reagan had a snake as his VP, same as Trump during his first term. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -12 points 6 days ago Bush Sr was a great VP. permalink parent award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 7 points 6 days ago Get the fuck out you dirty CIA spook. permalink parent award report block reply I_have_lady_parts-2 1 points 6 days ago Bush sr unalived jfk... gtfo... permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -12 points 6 days ago Bush Sr was a great VP. permalink parent award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 7 points 6 days ago Get the fuck out you dirty CIA spook. permalink parent award report block reply I_have_lady_parts-2 1 points 6 days ago Bush sr unalived jfk... gtfo... permalink parent award report block reply
WeaponizedSmirk 7 points 6 days ago Get the fuck out you dirty CIA spook. permalink parent award report block reply
I_have_lady_parts-2 1 points 6 days ago Bush sr unalived jfk... gtfo... permalink parent award report block reply
williammcfadden 10 points 6 days ago He freed Eastern Europe without a shot fired. Greatest achievement in world history. permalink award report block reply HoganT 5 points 6 days ago And now half the people here want to give it back. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 5 points 6 days ago And now half the people here want to give it back. permalink parent award report block reply
NoFats 8 points 6 days ago Walter Mondale was a commie. I miss my grandparents. permalink award report block reply
Chickensaurus 7 points 6 days ago Then he passed that terrible gun grabber bill. permalink award report block reply Simple_Doot 3 points 6 days ago And amnesty and emptied the insane asylums.  I was not around for it but it seems like really, really bad moves. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Because you listened to the lefty shills who were put in classrooms to propagandize you. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago You are a fucking idiot, it was a gun rights bill. permalink parent award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 4 points 6 days ago Right, we couldn't own automatic weapons because of "rights." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago Why do you want it to be illegal to buy ammo online? Where would you even buy ammo for your automatic weapon? Unless it was in 30-06 or 22lr, you couldnt get it. permalink parent award report block reply
Simple_Doot 3 points 6 days ago And amnesty and emptied the insane asylums.  I was not around for it but it seems like really, really bad moves. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Because you listened to the lefty shills who were put in classrooms to propagandize you. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Because you listened to the lefty shills who were put in classrooms to propagandize you. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -2 points 6 days ago You are a fucking idiot, it was a gun rights bill. permalink parent award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 4 points 6 days ago Right, we couldn't own automatic weapons because of "rights." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago Why do you want it to be illegal to buy ammo online? Where would you even buy ammo for your automatic weapon? Unless it was in 30-06 or 22lr, you couldnt get it. permalink parent award report block reply
WeaponizedSmirk 4 points 6 days ago Right, we couldn't own automatic weapons because of "rights." permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago Why do you want it to be illegal to buy ammo online? Where would you even buy ammo for your automatic weapon? Unless it was in 30-06 or 22lr, you couldnt get it. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -3 points 6 days ago Why do you want it to be illegal to buy ammo online? Where would you even buy ammo for your automatic weapon? Unless it was in 30-06 or 22lr, you couldnt get it. permalink parent award report block reply
placeoferudition 5 points 6 days ago We didn't know how good we had it. permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 5 points 6 days ago You mean George Bush Sr. won. permalink award report block reply HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Bush was gum on Reagan's shoe. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 1 points 6 days ago Bush was gum on Reagan's shoe. permalink parent award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 5 points 6 days ago Without rigging, every state expect one or two, plus D.C. was red like Reagan last year. Reagan was the greatest President before Trump came along. Reagan was Proto-Trump. It took 30 years to see another great man surpass Reagan's legacy. permalink award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist OP 5 points 6 days ago SOURCE: https://www.britannica.com/on-this-day permalink award report block reply
SomecatsareMAGA 3 points 6 days ago I remember. First time I voted. Loved him. permalink award report block reply
Right_of_Sinner 3 points 6 days ago Mondale won 85%+ of the votes in DC. These people should not be allowed to vote. permalink award report block reply
ImpregnatingYourDad 3 points 6 days ago "Fun" fact, in the 84 election Reagan won 49 of 50 states.  The only state Mondale won was his home state of Minnesota, and he won it by 0.18% Meanwhile, Mondale also happened to win D.C. by 71.65%. The swamp has been in dire need of draining since before even our current VP was born. permalink award report block reply
Szczecina 2 points 6 days ago That was the first time I ever voted, and I haven't voted for a Demoncat since then. When people ask me why I don't vote for Demoncats, I tell them that it is a sin to vote for them. So I don't want to displease God at all. permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 2 points 6 days ago I remember when mondale lost in mn, decades later. It made made him the first major party candidate to lose an election in every state. kek permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 2 points 6 days ago When America was a White country. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 2 points 5 days ago Ronald Reagan decisively defeated Walter Mondale in the 1984 United States presidential election, winning a landslide victory with 525 electoral votes to Mondale's 13. I remember that night.... the News agencies called it at 9pm.    The Blowout was somewhat surprising because the MSM KEPT GIVING MONDALE A CHANCE right up to election day....  then they all ate crow as Reagan blew out the numbers. permalink award report block reply
Texar1991 2 points 5 days ago “I want you to know that also I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent's youth and inexperience”. Even Mondale laughed. permalink award report block reply
top_eagle 2 points 6 days ago This was the first time there was a female on the ticket, too.  I remember being  it the fourth grade and thinking it was scary that a female could
Be president, especially one who used three fucked up names in her sig, permalink award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Especially with that dykey haircut. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 2 points 6 days ago Especially with that dykey haircut. permalink parent award report block reply
least_counties_ever 2 points 6 days ago Mondale won more counties than Biden. permalink award report block reply
panic_scam 2 points 6 days ago Reagan backed the Brady Bill and assault weapons act. permalink award report block reply
ShinAkuma 2 points 5 days ago Reagan made a few mistakes, some of which haunt us now. But he did a good job and his decade is one of the greatest on record. Economy, culture and society were peaking. Most of us here, if we were transported to 80s America, would think they went to another planet - It was that good. permalink award report block reply
KernalMustard 1 points 6 days ago This post is brought to you by Newsmax.....cue the patriotic music. permalink award report block reply
45isthebomb 1 points 5 days ago That was my second vote and #2 for President Reagan. permalink award report block reply
Bigly2020 1 points 5 days ago Then he proceeded to turn California blue permalink award report block reply
Desktop 1 points 5 days ago Mondale was a Johnson/ Humphrey democrat so… a big-government socialist. permalink award report block reply
Deplorable_Citizen 1 points 6 days ago Opened the insane asylums, began the flooding of third-world savages into the U.S. with mass immigration/amnesty, and was the president that started the overspending spree that we are now seeing the crushing result of (let's also not forget that Dick Cheney, may he rest in piss, said that "Reagan proves that deficits don't matter"). Sure was a good president.... rolls eyes permalink award report block reply knnbccb 4 points 6 days ago Way better than his predecessor. permalink parent award report block reply MAGA_NRG 2 points 6 days ago To be fair he did agree to amnesty but the agreement was that they would then secure the border, which they never did. permalink parent award report block reply HoganP 2 points 6 days ago The lefties in academia have flogged this bullshit for decades.  Distortions and half truths, as per everything the left propagandizes with. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You dont know what the fuck you are talking about. It was JFK who opened the insane asylums and Reagan was left with a disfunctional shitshow of half-assed programs. Regan did no such thing to have 3rd worlders come here - Amnesty was for people here before 1982, it let no one new in. Reagan's spending ended stagflation, which was a far worse crisis than any issue with debt. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago There are people here old enough to know what you are saying isnt true. I was 10 and aware of the world around me. What you said didnt happen. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago Stagflation didnt happen? JFK didnt pass laws to close the asylums after his sister was lobotomized? What the fuck are you disputing? permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 4 points 6 days ago Way better than his predecessor. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGA_NRG 2 points 6 days ago To be fair he did agree to amnesty but the agreement was that they would then secure the border, which they never did. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 2 points 6 days ago The lefties in academia have flogged this bullshit for decades.  Distortions and half truths, as per everything the left propagandizes with. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You dont know what the fuck you are talking about. It was JFK who opened the insane asylums and Reagan was left with a disfunctional shitshow of half-assed programs. Regan did no such thing to have 3rd worlders come here - Amnesty was for people here before 1982, it let no one new in. Reagan's spending ended stagflation, which was a far worse crisis than any issue with debt. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago There are people here old enough to know what you are saying isnt true. I was 10 and aware of the world around me. What you said didnt happen. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago Stagflation didnt happen? JFK didnt pass laws to close the asylums after his sister was lobotomized? What the fuck are you disputing? permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago There are people here old enough to know what you are saying isnt true. I was 10 and aware of the world around me. What you said didnt happen. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago Stagflation didnt happen? JFK didnt pass laws to close the asylums after his sister was lobotomized? What the fuck are you disputing? permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 6 days ago Stagflation didnt happen? JFK didnt pass laws to close the asylums after his sister was lobotomized? What the fuck are you disputing? permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
DefKon1 1 points 6 days ago My first vote ever...🐸👍 permalink award report block reply
UnknownUserName 1 points 5 days ago Thanks for eliminating open carry in California and legalizing all of the illegals there permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 1 points 6 days ago looks like a female insurrection permalink award report block reply
TrumpTank 0 points 6 days ago Remember when The Donald didn't just suck any republican cock? A few of you might permalink award report block reply
VanDeKoik 0 points 5 days ago Sadly this post is wasted on Zoomer-llenials here, that would have been advocates of fucking David Duke, if they were around back then. permalink award report block reply
BrionK 0 points 6 days ago Reagan, Nixon Bohemian Grove
IYKYK permalink award report block reply
MisterMAGA 0 points 6 days ago Si, se puede! permalink award report block reply
CaptainTrouble -1 points 6 days ago Reagan was a terrible president. permalink award report block reply
PitfallHarry -1 points 6 days ago He was also a free trade globohomo. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are a communist. permalink parent award report block reply PitfallHarry 1 points 5 days ago Ok faggot so tell us how Reagan wasn’t for free trade when it’s his fucking speech the left is playing on repeat. Thanks for playing. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Why are you a communist? permalink parent award report block reply Dr_Phil 0 points 6 days ago No you permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 6 days ago You are a communist. permalink parent award report block reply PitfallHarry 1 points 5 days ago Ok faggot so tell us how Reagan wasn’t for free trade when it’s his fucking speech the left is playing on repeat. Thanks for playing. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Why are you a communist? permalink parent award report block reply Dr_Phil 0 points 6 days ago No you permalink parent award report block reply
PitfallHarry 1 points 5 days ago Ok faggot so tell us how Reagan wasn’t for free trade when it’s his fucking speech the left is playing on repeat. Thanks for playing. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Why are you a communist? permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Why are you a communist? permalink parent award report block reply
Dr_Phil 0 points 6 days ago No you permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 -1 points 6 days ago And then he destroyed immigration. He single handily FUCKED generations to come. Now that is a TRUE republican. permalink award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago A true conservative /s permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 0 points 6 days ago A true conservative /s permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams -1 points 6 days ago I campaigned for and voted for Mondale/Ferraro. Damn, I was a fool with 145 IQ… permalink award report block reply
WeaponizedSmirk -2 points 6 days ago It really says something about the GOP that their best president was just Democrat-lite. permalink award report block reply HoganP 4 points 6 days ago You're an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganP 4 points 6 days ago You're an idiot. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply