598 I’m so fucking sick of having to talk to some indian woman who barely speaks english, has some shitty incomprehensible accent, and literally has no clue how to do their fucking job EVERY time i call anywhere.  Happened again just now. posted 7 days ago by Pepe_longcockings 47 comments award share report block Trying to talk to health care insurance and this fucking punjabi nitwit hasnt the foggiest how to do her job.  Puts me on hold 4 times and still comes back clueless.  I hope this whole workd fucking burns, they are a scourge
47 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Cali_kid 30 points 7 days ago Whenever i called Directv it was always a foreigner i could not understand , when i wanted to cancelled the service it was a black guy lol permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 26 points 7 days ago There’s a sign out by us for a health coverage company that straight up says that they don’t use overseas call centers. That’s their advertisement. No overseas call centers. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 13 points 7 days ago Sign me up.  I’d get more help from a company staffed exclusively by Down’s syndrome patients not even joking. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 4 points 7 days ago So they import their jeets as H1b slaves.. problem solved! permalink parent award report block reply MAGASquatch 3 points 7 days ago Probably all ai driven. permalink parent award report block reply Saxonlady 19 points 7 days ago Their job is just to please their masters. To just sweetly and calmly placate us after making us wait an hour for them to pick up the phone, to apologise and calm us, make promises they can't or won't keep and when we discover their cock up...... .....rinse and repeat. I can't stand it either. It borderline drives me crazy. permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 18 points 7 days ago Sums up Amazon. Prior to us canceling Prime, we saw the fall from individuals who would actually help us to some jeet or flip who just promises they will refund you to get you off the phone. Then you never get your refund only to find out they had no ability to actually process it. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 17 points 7 days ago If you call Amazon in the middle of the night you have a 75% chance of getting a guy in Cape Town, South Africa.  I cheer when I get one of them.  They solve the problem ASAP and then are up for talking about all kinds of stuff.  They have London accents, mostly, and are very interesting to chat with.  But yeah, it requires staying up late to hopefully get one of them on the phone. permalink parent award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 7 points 7 days ago I once got a lady in Jamaica back around ‘22. She seemed initially frightened that I picked up that she was in Montego Bay by her voice but was super cool when she found out I used to travel to Jamaica a lot. Really cool lady. Super helpful and extremely funny. Her voice was so calming haha. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 4 points 7 days ago I love accents and trying to identify them.  My greatest "guess" years ago was a guy behind me in line at McDonald's.  He was shocked when I was able to determine he'd been born and lived his whole growing up years in Ireland but had then moved to NYC and had been there a long time.  My worst failure, however, came from listening to two women speaking what "felt" like French based on the rhythm of the language, but I couldn't understand a single word.  Turned out it was Quebecois, the Quebec, Canada version of French. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ColonelKlink 18 points 7 days ago I had to deal with one not too long ago about a problem with a webpage. Now i'm getting all kinds of spam, which I never got before. Companies need to go back to actual people who speak english in our country. Even amazon is full of them. You will never get a non-indian dealing with amazon. I don't want to deal with any of these companies anymore. permalink award report block reply electricboogaloo 16 points 7 days ago …and C suite thinks they’re geniuses for cutting payroll by a 3rd permalink award report block reply Trump2020or4eva 15 points 7 days ago They dont even understand what they're helping you with because it literally doesn't exist in their shithole country. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 6 points 7 days ago That is an excellent point permalink parent award report block reply highenergywinning 15 points 7 days ago All the airlines as well. you always get some jeet or philipino claiming their name is bob or jennifer permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 10 points 7 days ago All they care about is getting a green check on their customer service score, so even if they don't do a single damn thing for you, they try to get you to answer that yes they "resolved your issue" permalink award report block reply 26magarat 10 points 7 days ago Last time I called to change my phone service, the woman kept putting me on hold and saying periodically, "Just want to make sure." It seemed a very simple transaction to me, but whatever. permalink award report block reply MapleMAGA 10 points 7 days ago When you call a call centre they often deal with calls from different companies and have to look up the information they need. You are not getting quality service, to put someone who doesn’t know English or is illiterate in that position is a disaster! We are not being respected by these companies, we need reliable information. permalink award report block reply Dev404 10 points 7 days ago Back when I had a Dell laptop, every point of contact was to an indian from emails to phone calls. All of it. In the end, the problem wasn't solved and my time was wasted. I never purchased another Dell computer again. permalink award report block reply Mayhem 5 points 6 days ago AI Always Indians permalink parent award report block reply Votingnerd 10 points 7 days ago Since big corporations offshored their phone centres service went to crap. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 5 points 7 days ago I knew it was over when i called Hungry Howies and it went to an indian call center permalink parent award report block reply Votingnerd 3 points 7 days ago 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Taliesin 7 points 7 days ago Scammers in Bombay are using AI voice transformers to change their accents to educated, upper-class, English in order to sound professional and trustworthy. If you rattle them, they will start babbling too fast for the AI, and the sing-song Indian accent will come through, inde-eed Saaar! Eet gan bee werry gomical! If third-world criminal operations can use this technology to make thick accents universally comprehensible, then why can't legit businesses? permalink award report block reply honeymussie 7 points 7 days ago It'd be funny to use one of those on your line and make it super Indian and racist back at them. Kind of like having two Chinese restaurants talk to each other. permalink parent award report block reply ElectionDenier2020 4 points 7 days ago Please do this and post it. permalink parent award report block reply Wu_Flu_Ca_Choo 6 points 7 days ago You have what's called Pajeet fatigue... recommend you go to Bitchute and search for Pajeet for some relief permalink award report block reply Agent_Orange 6 points 7 days ago Just yesterday, I was talking to my internet provider's technical support about a quirky issue. After several "please hold, while I look into this", they gave up and referred me to the online documentation. It was worse than the tech support guy. permalink award report block reply GreyGooseDown 6 points 7 days ago I probably wouldn't call American Airlines if I were you. permalink award report block reply America101 5 points 7 days ago Their name is always some America name such as Bob or Katie. permalink award report block reply ramennov 5 points 7 days ago I'm really... really tired of having to smell their feet. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 7 days ago Not one of my companies will ever hire overseas call centers. All of our customer service people will always be sitting in United States, and hopefully God willing, every employee. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 4 points 7 days ago If only everyone held themselves to this standard.  Well done permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 4 points 7 days ago I was actually on the phone with the manager of the call center on the day that they fired him and over forty other people, in favor of a company in the Philippines. After all, I’d grown fond of these people. I’ve done business with them for about four years and I was extremely upset, as we almost cried together when he lost his job. I will never forget it. I went to their website and printed off a photograph of their entire team, even saved that photograph to my computer and I will have it enlarged soon and put on my office wall. I will never allow myself to forget. permalink parent award report block reply Obambi 4 points 7 days ago They also give your number to Indian spoof calkers permalink award report block reply honeymussie 3 points 7 days ago I have to call FedEx soon. Every time I call it's Indians. permalink award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 3 points 7 days ago oh pede, i am so sorry to hear this.  depending on the company, can you send a message instead? 🤔 sometimes i've been able to get better help by emailing or sending a message through the portal. i am very sorry. 🥰 permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 5 points 7 days ago I finally gave up, she was seriously retarded.  I had to call to see which of two migraine medications they would approve.   After being in hold 3 times and 20 minutes… she came back to tell me what the medications do.   I fucking know what they do, that wasnt my question.  Then hold again, 5 minutes later she comes back to tell me how much they cost.  Again, not what i fucking asked.   Absolutely enraging permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 7 days ago tpactionchasethevote 2 points 6 days ago Good point! permalink parent award report block reply 45isthebomb 2 points 6 days ago Hello Sar, I am calling from &^% #$.  From Where?  & ^$%$.  Click.  That's how my calls go. permalink award report block reply Chrisquiet 2 points 6 days ago I received a call yesterday from my doctor's office to schedule an appointment and I said please connect me to a human, I don't want to talk with an AI bot and she says, I am human. I told her she has a fucked up voice and hung up. I couldn't understand anything she was talking about. Why place someone in that position? permalink award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 7 days ago it almost makes me think turning healthcare into a federal job might be worth it if the private sector wont hire Americans.  Health insurance companies were always good jobs for women.   alt least if it was socialized, everyone would work for the fedeal govt.  wont be efficient or cheap but right now with all the bullshit i have to go though with insurance and Indians everywhere.  If we are going to have a failing healthcare system where insurers do nothing id rather it at least employs Americans while failing. permalink award report block reply Kmdub2 1 points 6 days ago And when you tell them their name is NOT "Steve" and you can't understand their fucking shit accent they sign your number up for spam calls. I've gotten 20-30 per day for months after pissing off a Steve. He told me to go fuck my mother so I laid an earful of redneck cuss fest on his rag headed ass. The spam calls started within 5 minutes permalink award report block reply Johnkimble111 1 points 7 days ago Some of the Indians doing Amazon customer service seem ok. I think that’s probably the only company I’ve experienced with any semi-competent Indians. permalink award report block reply
Cali_kid 30 points 7 days ago Whenever i called Directv it was always a foreigner i could not understand , when i wanted to cancelled the service it was a black guy lol permalink award report block reply
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 26 points 7 days ago There’s a sign out by us for a health coverage company that straight up says that they don’t use overseas call centers. That’s their advertisement. No overseas call centers. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 13 points 7 days ago Sign me up.  I’d get more help from a company staffed exclusively by Down’s syndrome patients not even joking. permalink parent award report block reply Ligersrule1 4 points 7 days ago So they import their jeets as H1b slaves.. problem solved! permalink parent award report block reply MAGASquatch 3 points 7 days ago Probably all ai driven. permalink parent award report block reply
Pepe_longcockings OP 13 points 7 days ago Sign me up.  I’d get more help from a company staffed exclusively by Down’s syndrome patients not even joking. permalink parent award report block reply
Ligersrule1 4 points 7 days ago So they import their jeets as H1b slaves.. problem solved! permalink parent award report block reply
MAGASquatch 3 points 7 days ago Probably all ai driven. permalink parent award report block reply
Saxonlady 19 points 7 days ago Their job is just to please their masters. To just sweetly and calmly placate us after making us wait an hour for them to pick up the phone, to apologise and calm us, make promises they can't or won't keep and when we discover their cock up...... .....rinse and repeat. I can't stand it either. It borderline drives me crazy. permalink award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 18 points 7 days ago Sums up Amazon. Prior to us canceling Prime, we saw the fall from individuals who would actually help us to some jeet or flip who just promises they will refund you to get you off the phone. Then you never get your refund only to find out they had no ability to actually process it. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 17 points 7 days ago If you call Amazon in the middle of the night you have a 75% chance of getting a guy in Cape Town, South Africa.  I cheer when I get one of them.  They solve the problem ASAP and then are up for talking about all kinds of stuff.  They have London accents, mostly, and are very interesting to chat with.  But yeah, it requires staying up late to hopefully get one of them on the phone. permalink parent award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 7 points 7 days ago I once got a lady in Jamaica back around ‘22. She seemed initially frightened that I picked up that she was in Montego Bay by her voice but was super cool when she found out I used to travel to Jamaica a lot. Really cool lady. Super helpful and extremely funny. Her voice was so calming haha. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 4 points 7 days ago I love accents and trying to identify them.  My greatest "guess" years ago was a guy behind me in line at McDonald's.  He was shocked when I was able to determine he'd been born and lived his whole growing up years in Ireland but had then moved to NYC and had been there a long time.  My worst failure, however, came from listening to two women speaking what "felt" like French based on the rhythm of the language, but I couldn't understand a single word.  Turned out it was Quebecois, the Quebec, Canada version of French. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 18 points 7 days ago Sums up Amazon. Prior to us canceling Prime, we saw the fall from individuals who would actually help us to some jeet or flip who just promises they will refund you to get you off the phone. Then you never get your refund only to find out they had no ability to actually process it. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 17 points 7 days ago If you call Amazon in the middle of the night you have a 75% chance of getting a guy in Cape Town, South Africa.  I cheer when I get one of them.  They solve the problem ASAP and then are up for talking about all kinds of stuff.  They have London accents, mostly, and are very interesting to chat with.  But yeah, it requires staying up late to hopefully get one of them on the phone. permalink parent award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 7 points 7 days ago I once got a lady in Jamaica back around ‘22. She seemed initially frightened that I picked up that she was in Montego Bay by her voice but was super cool when she found out I used to travel to Jamaica a lot. Really cool lady. Super helpful and extremely funny. Her voice was so calming haha. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 4 points 7 days ago I love accents and trying to identify them.  My greatest "guess" years ago was a guy behind me in line at McDonald's.  He was shocked when I was able to determine he'd been born and lived his whole growing up years in Ireland but had then moved to NYC and had been there a long time.  My worst failure, however, came from listening to two women speaking what "felt" like French based on the rhythm of the language, but I couldn't understand a single word.  Turned out it was Quebecois, the Quebec, Canada version of French. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
11GenAm 17 points 7 days ago If you call Amazon in the middle of the night you have a 75% chance of getting a guy in Cape Town, South Africa.  I cheer when I get one of them.  They solve the problem ASAP and then are up for talking about all kinds of stuff.  They have London accents, mostly, and are very interesting to chat with.  But yeah, it requires staying up late to hopefully get one of them on the phone. permalink parent award report block reply The_Bloofy_Bullshark 7 points 7 days ago I once got a lady in Jamaica back around ‘22. She seemed initially frightened that I picked up that she was in Montego Bay by her voice but was super cool when she found out I used to travel to Jamaica a lot. Really cool lady. Super helpful and extremely funny. Her voice was so calming haha. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 4 points 7 days ago I love accents and trying to identify them.  My greatest "guess" years ago was a guy behind me in line at McDonald's.  He was shocked when I was able to determine he'd been born and lived his whole growing up years in Ireland but had then moved to NYC and had been there a long time.  My worst failure, however, came from listening to two women speaking what "felt" like French based on the rhythm of the language, but I couldn't understand a single word.  Turned out it was Quebecois, the Quebec, Canada version of French. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
The_Bloofy_Bullshark 7 points 7 days ago I once got a lady in Jamaica back around ‘22. She seemed initially frightened that I picked up that she was in Montego Bay by her voice but was super cool when she found out I used to travel to Jamaica a lot. Really cool lady. Super helpful and extremely funny. Her voice was so calming haha. permalink parent award report block reply 11GenAm 4 points 7 days ago I love accents and trying to identify them.  My greatest "guess" years ago was a guy behind me in line at McDonald's.  He was shocked when I was able to determine he'd been born and lived his whole growing up years in Ireland but had then moved to NYC and had been there a long time.  My worst failure, however, came from listening to two women speaking what "felt" like French based on the rhythm of the language, but I couldn't understand a single word.  Turned out it was Quebecois, the Quebec, Canada version of French. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
11GenAm 4 points 7 days ago I love accents and trying to identify them.  My greatest "guess" years ago was a guy behind me in line at McDonald's.  He was shocked when I was able to determine he'd been born and lived his whole growing up years in Ireland but had then moved to NYC and had been there a long time.  My worst failure, however, came from listening to two women speaking what "felt" like French based on the rhythm of the language, but I couldn't understand a single word.  Turned out it was Quebecois, the Quebec, Canada version of French. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ColonelKlink 18 points 7 days ago I had to deal with one not too long ago about a problem with a webpage. Now i'm getting all kinds of spam, which I never got before. Companies need to go back to actual people who speak english in our country. Even amazon is full of them. You will never get a non-indian dealing with amazon. I don't want to deal with any of these companies anymore. permalink award report block reply
electricboogaloo 16 points 7 days ago …and C suite thinks they’re geniuses for cutting payroll by a 3rd permalink award report block reply
Trump2020or4eva 15 points 7 days ago They dont even understand what they're helping you with because it literally doesn't exist in their shithole country. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 6 points 7 days ago That is an excellent point permalink parent award report block reply
Pepe_longcockings OP 6 points 7 days ago That is an excellent point permalink parent award report block reply
highenergywinning 15 points 7 days ago All the airlines as well. you always get some jeet or philipino claiming their name is bob or jennifer permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 10 points 7 days ago All they care about is getting a green check on their customer service score, so even if they don't do a single damn thing for you, they try to get you to answer that yes they "resolved your issue" permalink award report block reply
26magarat 10 points 7 days ago Last time I called to change my phone service, the woman kept putting me on hold and saying periodically, "Just want to make sure." It seemed a very simple transaction to me, but whatever. permalink award report block reply
MapleMAGA 10 points 7 days ago When you call a call centre they often deal with calls from different companies and have to look up the information they need. You are not getting quality service, to put someone who doesn’t know English or is illiterate in that position is a disaster! We are not being respected by these companies, we need reliable information. permalink award report block reply
Dev404 10 points 7 days ago Back when I had a Dell laptop, every point of contact was to an indian from emails to phone calls. All of it. In the end, the problem wasn't solved and my time was wasted. I never purchased another Dell computer again. permalink award report block reply Mayhem 5 points 6 days ago AI Always Indians permalink parent award report block reply
Mayhem 5 points 6 days ago AI Always Indians permalink parent award report block reply
Votingnerd 10 points 7 days ago Since big corporations offshored their phone centres service went to crap. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 5 points 7 days ago I knew it was over when i called Hungry Howies and it went to an indian call center permalink parent award report block reply Votingnerd 3 points 7 days ago 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Pepe_longcockings OP 5 points 7 days ago I knew it was over when i called Hungry Howies and it went to an indian call center permalink parent award report block reply Votingnerd 3 points 7 days ago 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Votingnerd 3 points 7 days ago 🤣🤣🤣 permalink parent award report block reply
Taliesin 7 points 7 days ago Scammers in Bombay are using AI voice transformers to change their accents to educated, upper-class, English in order to sound professional and trustworthy. If you rattle them, they will start babbling too fast for the AI, and the sing-song Indian accent will come through, inde-eed Saaar! Eet gan bee werry gomical! If third-world criminal operations can use this technology to make thick accents universally comprehensible, then why can't legit businesses? permalink award report block reply honeymussie 7 points 7 days ago It'd be funny to use one of those on your line and make it super Indian and racist back at them. Kind of like having two Chinese restaurants talk to each other. permalink parent award report block reply ElectionDenier2020 4 points 7 days ago Please do this and post it. permalink parent award report block reply
honeymussie 7 points 7 days ago It'd be funny to use one of those on your line and make it super Indian and racist back at them. Kind of like having two Chinese restaurants talk to each other. permalink parent award report block reply ElectionDenier2020 4 points 7 days ago Please do this and post it. permalink parent award report block reply
ElectionDenier2020 4 points 7 days ago Please do this and post it. permalink parent award report block reply
Wu_Flu_Ca_Choo 6 points 7 days ago You have what's called Pajeet fatigue... recommend you go to Bitchute and search for Pajeet for some relief permalink award report block reply
Agent_Orange 6 points 7 days ago Just yesterday, I was talking to my internet provider's technical support about a quirky issue. After several "please hold, while I look into this", they gave up and referred me to the online documentation. It was worse than the tech support guy. permalink award report block reply
GreyGooseDown 6 points 7 days ago I probably wouldn't call American Airlines if I were you. permalink award report block reply
America101 5 points 7 days ago Their name is always some America name such as Bob or Katie. permalink award report block reply
ramennov 5 points 7 days ago I'm really... really tired of having to smell their feet. permalink award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 7 days ago Not one of my companies will ever hire overseas call centers. All of our customer service people will always be sitting in United States, and hopefully God willing, every employee. permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 4 points 7 days ago If only everyone held themselves to this standard.  Well done permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 4 points 7 days ago I was actually on the phone with the manager of the call center on the day that they fired him and over forty other people, in favor of a company in the Philippines. After all, I’d grown fond of these people. I’ve done business with them for about four years and I was extremely upset, as we almost cried together when he lost his job. I will never forget it. I went to their website and printed off a photograph of their entire team, even saved that photograph to my computer and I will have it enlarged soon and put on my office wall. I will never allow myself to forget. permalink parent award report block reply
Pepe_longcockings OP 4 points 7 days ago If only everyone held themselves to this standard.  Well done permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 4 points 7 days ago I was actually on the phone with the manager of the call center on the day that they fired him and over forty other people, in favor of a company in the Philippines. After all, I’d grown fond of these people. I’ve done business with them for about four years and I was extremely upset, as we almost cried together when he lost his job. I will never forget it. I went to their website and printed off a photograph of their entire team, even saved that photograph to my computer and I will have it enlarged soon and put on my office wall. I will never allow myself to forget. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 4 points 7 days ago I was actually on the phone with the manager of the call center on the day that they fired him and over forty other people, in favor of a company in the Philippines. After all, I’d grown fond of these people. I’ve done business with them for about four years and I was extremely upset, as we almost cried together when he lost his job. I will never forget it. I went to their website and printed off a photograph of their entire team, even saved that photograph to my computer and I will have it enlarged soon and put on my office wall. I will never allow myself to forget. permalink parent award report block reply
Obambi 4 points 7 days ago They also give your number to Indian spoof calkers permalink award report block reply
honeymussie 3 points 7 days ago I have to call FedEx soon. Every time I call it's Indians. permalink award report block reply
tpactionchasethevote 3 points 7 days ago oh pede, i am so sorry to hear this.  depending on the company, can you send a message instead? 🤔 sometimes i've been able to get better help by emailing or sending a message through the portal. i am very sorry. 🥰 permalink award report block reply Pepe_longcockings OP 5 points 7 days ago I finally gave up, she was seriously retarded.  I had to call to see which of two migraine medications they would approve.   After being in hold 3 times and 20 minutes… she came back to tell me what the medications do.   I fucking know what they do, that wasnt my question.  Then hold again, 5 minutes later she comes back to tell me how much they cost.  Again, not what i fucking asked.   Absolutely enraging permalink parent award report block reply deleted 2 points 7 days ago tpactionchasethevote 2 points 6 days ago Good point! permalink parent award report block reply
Pepe_longcockings OP 5 points 7 days ago I finally gave up, she was seriously retarded.  I had to call to see which of two migraine medications they would approve.   After being in hold 3 times and 20 minutes… she came back to tell me what the medications do.   I fucking know what they do, that wasnt my question.  Then hold again, 5 minutes later she comes back to tell me how much they cost.  Again, not what i fucking asked.   Absolutely enraging permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 2 points 7 days ago tpactionchasethevote 2 points 6 days ago Good point! permalink parent award report block reply
tpactionchasethevote 2 points 6 days ago Good point! permalink parent award report block reply
45isthebomb 2 points 6 days ago Hello Sar, I am calling from &^% #$.  From Where?  & ^$%$.  Click.  That's how my calls go. permalink award report block reply
Chrisquiet 2 points 6 days ago I received a call yesterday from my doctor's office to schedule an appointment and I said please connect me to a human, I don't want to talk with an AI bot and she says, I am human. I told her she has a fucked up voice and hung up. I couldn't understand anything she was talking about. Why place someone in that position? permalink award report block reply
cardinaldrones 1 points 7 days ago it almost makes me think turning healthcare into a federal job might be worth it if the private sector wont hire Americans.  Health insurance companies were always good jobs for women.   alt least if it was socialized, everyone would work for the fedeal govt.  wont be efficient or cheap but right now with all the bullshit i have to go though with insurance and Indians everywhere.  If we are going to have a failing healthcare system where insurers do nothing id rather it at least employs Americans while failing. permalink award report block reply
Kmdub2 1 points 6 days ago And when you tell them their name is NOT "Steve" and you can't understand their fucking shit accent they sign your number up for spam calls. I've gotten 20-30 per day for months after pissing off a Steve. He told me to go fuck my mother so I laid an earful of redneck cuss fest on his rag headed ass. The spam calls started within 5 minutes permalink award report block reply
Johnkimble111 1 points 7 days ago Some of the Indians doing Amazon customer service seem ok. I think that’s probably the only company I’ve experienced with any semi-competent Indians. permalink award report block reply