1440 How is this even possible? Minnesota Democrat State Legislator Who Declared She Was an Illegal Wins Mayoral Election. "My parents are illegal here in this country, and so I am illegal in this country.” (www.thegatewaypundit.com) posted 6 days ago by rdvs34283 162 comments award share report block Minnesota Democrat State Legislator Who Declared She Was an Illegal Alien Wins Mayoral Election | The Gateway Pundit | by Cullen... A Democrat state legislator who previously claimed to be an illegal migrant won a mayoral election. www.thegatewaypundit.com
162 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save AmericanJawa 173 points 6 days ago So what she's saying is that she's given ICE everything they need to arrest her and her parents and deport all of them. permalink award report block reply Kavantar 130 points 6 days ago Real question is, why haven't they already? permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 74 points 6 days ago Because she was an anchor baby and is trying to get her face on the news by making bold, outlandish claims. This shit is painfully transparent. Come on guys, wake the fuck up. I know it's early but come on! permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 21 points 6 days ago There is no such thing as an anchor baby. That is a legal fallacy that they CONTINUE to perpetuate. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 6 days ago The reason they never had the concept of an anchor baby come up during deliberation is because it was made clear this would not cover those born to parents in the country illegally. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LawyersPlayDota 6 points 6 days ago There is, though. Shouldn't be, but there is. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 7 points 6 days ago Early? As in- the morning? Nay my  frens: the hour is late indeed permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 6 days ago It was like Six AM on the east coast lol. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... midgetpornrocks 2 points 6 days ago Illegal is the new black. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago This is how they are going to try and play the SCOTUS into ruling that their interpretation of the Constitution's 14th amendment on foreign children born in the USA.. It is all part of their Psy-Op.. I want them all gone and no foreigner should be allowed to vote or be in political office in the USA and that includes those dual citizens.. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... SmokeDopeDank 11 points 6 days ago Optics. They're afraid. permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 18 points 6 days ago Like Homan raging about how he's going to arrest any mayor or governor that stands in the way of ICE multiple times then never does. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 6 days ago "Hey guys.  I've never negotiated." permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago Nah, 14th Amendment is their Defense.... permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 6 days ago Or maybe they're backing down JUST enough that he doesn't do it. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 8 points 6 days ago Sadly true. Oh no, the media that runs 95% negative stories about me might get mad. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 6 days ago Oh I see... You think you can talk them into it... Like saying "ICE is a bitch" and "they ain't got the BALLS to arrest, detain and deport an illegal Mayor" permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 6 days ago They do, all talk and no action on all sides makes a complacent society permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... farfiman 3 points 6 days ago Because she and her parents are US citizens. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 3 points 6 days ago Only under the Unconstitutional.... 14th Amendment.... permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago That's a different  thing.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ForceMultiplier 2 points 6 days ago I recall seeing this like 2 months ago, probably here. She's a US citizen, her parents may be eligible to ease their exit from the USA by making an appointment with the CBP1 app. permalink parent award report block reply Mythologick 7 points 6 days ago Retroactively denaturalize all anchor babies, that shit was illegal as fuck IMO, deport them and their parents to whereverthefuckisntAmerica. Everyone has to fucking go. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago 14th Amendment..... And I'm with you on this, BUT, I want to hear YOUR Version of ""Denaturalization"" that might align with Constitutional Law.... permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. Deport! permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 6 days ago Later that day, the state representative backtracked, telling the Minnesota Reformer that she and her parents were American citizens. She said she made the claim in an attempt to garner empathy from her GOP colleagues. Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. So they're not actually here legally, then. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 61 points 6 days ago Let's not put illegal aliens in official positions of authority over natives. Sincerely, a right-wing extremist permalink award report block reply footinmouth 22 points 6 days ago In the entirety of Saint Paul and Minneapolis governments (mayor, city councils, clerks) there is ONE white male. Liberals white women invited foreigners in and voted out their own men. Liberal whites are the only group in the world with an outer group racial preference. White conservatives are fairly neutral, and every other group has a STRONG inner group bias. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 7 points 6 days ago Because liberal white women hate all but the top 1% of white men. permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 3 points 6 days ago They hate those ones too but they have a use for them permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago Only the ones who don't follow their hive mind. Like Trump.  He's especially double plus ungood because he is on the side of us blue collar men. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 6 points 6 days ago And yet their tax base is still mostly white men, who now have virtually no representation in government. Didn’t we start a war over this bullshit? permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 1 points 6 days ago You can do every day things that can make a difference over time, Drive the extra distance to not shop at the Indian run store. Don't give to charity. Use every free food bank service and hand out to horde resources. Take things, stealing does not apply to an enemy. You can just do things. permalink parent award report block reply Easzq8 1 points 6 days ago Let’s not put foreigners in any elected office anywhere. Sincerely, figuratively Hitler. permalink parent award report block reply DJT_MFers1 40 points 6 days ago Hey ICE, this one is like shooting fish in a barrel permalink award report block reply FlyCatcher94 29 points 6 days ago So deport her. permalink award report block reply deleted 15 points 6 days ago Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago I'm not your buddy, guy! permalink parent award report block reply Hamadryad 20 points 6 days ago Because no one enforces the laws. permalink award report block reply cptKloss7 10 points 6 days ago Try to steal a candy bar as a white man, you'll find out "no one" permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 6 days ago When you realize that law enforcement is beholden to politics and optics, not equality, then you no longer have a valid contract with your society. Restorative Justice aka anti-whiteness is rampant. We can’t arrest democrats for obvious clear criminal acts because we need to “lower the temperature”. Why should you pay taxes? Why should you obey police? It’s anarcho-tyranny. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 11 points 6 days ago Does the MN law state anywhere specifically she MUST be a Citizen to Run for office? permalink award report block reply AmericanJawa 38 points 6 days ago Does the MN law state anywhere specifically she MUST be a Citizen to Run for office? Kind of irrelevant when US law says you can't be here if you're a criminal invader. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 9 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. But if STATE LAW says she must be a citizen to run for office - any MN citizen can sue and get her removed from office.  MNGOP should have been at least looking into this. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 4 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. True, but she's highlighting herself as an easy one to go after. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 6 days ago MAGA should do some lifting too.... permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 6 days ago And by holding office illegally, her potential for causing damage to America is much greater than the common rabble and should be prioritized. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago More than that, she’s in a position of power over native citizens. By any definition, she is a greater threat than 99% of illegals and should be priority one for deportation. permalink parent award report block reply thisguy883 7 points 6 days ago its (d)ifferent. permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 3 points 6 days ago She is a US citizen. permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 10 points 6 days ago She isn't illegal. Also her parents. They all got citizenship as refugees from Vietnam permalink award report block reply charwoman 8 points 6 days ago yep, this is a trap. After the Viet Nam war, the Hmong were brought over hear as a humanitarian gesture and as pay pack for the aid rendered by Hmong to the US military.
They are all here legally. Again, she is spouting this to set a trap. Don't take the bait. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Is the trap that she’s a liar? Because I don’t think it reflects poorly on me to demand deportation of someone who is declaring herself illegal only to then find out that she was lying. That’s like someone making a false bomb threat and then saying “gotcha” when I call the police. permalink parent award report block reply charwoman 1 points 6 days ago You should know by now how leftists roll. Don't take their bait. Or get off the MAGA side. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 1 points 6 days ago You know they are lying when their lips move permalink parent award report block reply OrangeManBadasss 9 points 6 days ago Did anybody actually READ the article? permalink award report block reply 67Vert 0 points 6 days ago No. 95% of TD are fucking idiots who can’t read past fake news headlines. permalink parent award report block reply NOTWOKE 5 points 6 days ago Easily. All the illegals voted for the illegal. Simple as this. Plus all the fake mail in votes permalink award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Don’t forget all of the white traitors, most of them women. permalink parent award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 4 points 6 days ago they want barabas permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 3 points 6 days ago She isn't a real illegal. Isn't mayor a downgrade from state legislator? permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 3 points 6 days ago So if this is accurate why hasn't she been detained and deported? permalink award report block reply Siteless_Vagrant 3 points 6 days ago KS AG is suing some one that works in a mayors office (or is the mayor?) that is in the country legally (green card) but violated KS law by voting while not a citizen. Big problem here, as with trucking, and other things, is our legal system isn’t hardened against a non- military invasion/ occupation, because there hasn’t ever been one before. And that is, no confusion, exactly. A non- militarized invasion/ occupation. permalink award report block reply BlackFolk 3 points 6 days ago More fake news. She is a citizen. permalink award report block reply Smashley 2 points 6 days ago Her parents lied to get refugee status from Cambodia. They came via fraud and she was naturalized after. It's fucking bullshit but it is what it is. We need to start taking this place back while we still can or it will be over soon. permalink award report block reply TurdFergusen 2 points 6 days ago Are we trusting the slop from Gateway Pundit again? They tend to just make shit up permalink award report block reply CJ74U2NV 2 points 6 days ago The invasion is real there.  Illegals are voting for Illegals. permalink award report block reply Kilroy 2 points 6 days ago Where the hell is the FBI and DOJ? Apparently all the tuff talk was just talk. permalink award report block reply 1True-translation 2 points 6 days ago If I recall she was actually lying about that permalink award report block reply Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 6 days ago Paging Tom Homan. Paging Tom Homan. Mr. Tom Homan, please pick up the red courtesy phone. permalink award report block reply roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago We have to wait for the SCOTUS ruling about anchor babies before throwing them out.. permalink award report block reply JimmyRussler 2 points 6 days ago Because who's gonna stop her that's how. permalink award report block reply jdemarco2014 2 points 6 days ago She’s a fake illegal trying to setup a trap for ice, do not take the bait, especially this close to the 26 election permalink award report block reply Scot 2 points 6 days ago It's possible because the GOP refuses to enforce our laws against the criminal democrats. permalink award report block reply OZJRant 1 points 6 days ago Western culture is so used to bending the knee that this is just normalised? Problem is.. we have let so many immigrants in to our countries they are no longer hiding it and there is so few people willing to stand up and question it ?? permalink award report block reply thehumbleme 1 points 6 days ago I thought this came up and she was arrested?  What? permalink award report block reply Firespawn 1 points 6 days ago Because they're going to do whatever the hell they want. No one is stopping them. With zero consequences, none of our laws apply to them. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 6 days ago Enjoy your extinction, hey at least you can say you're not racist! permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 6 days ago Out out out permalink award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 6 days ago She a naturalized US citizen and has been for decades.  Originally a 4yr old Laos refugee who got legal status.  She is also clearly a prolific liar and hence she is a democrap. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 6 days ago We debunked this months ago. Stop already. Why is everyone stupid? permalink award report block reply Flowers-By-Irene 1 points 6 days ago Election fraud is legal. Duh. permalink award report block reply Eruditio 1 points 6 days ago Either she is a U.S. Citizen or shes not.
If she is she stays.
If shes not then she gets rounded up and deported. permalink award report block reply OTher55 1 points 6 days ago Minnesota is a Canadian province, not an American state. Trump should sign an XO re-naming it South Manitoba permalink award report block reply cross_bearer_02 1 points 6 days ago It's simple. For the left, our Law isn't a thing to be followed or respected. It's merely an obstacle to be climbed over or skirted around, or outright ignored. We are two nations, diametrically opposed to one another, occupying the same physical space. Something must give. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 6 days ago Voting machines? permalink award report block reply Schroeder09 1 points 6 days ago it isnt legal.  Grab her up and deport her.  Trump and team don't have the stones though. permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 6 days ago It's not enough to report her to ICE. You have to report her to the State Dept., which takes the proper action: register.state.gov Scroll to end for form. Attn: Landau permalink award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 6 days ago It happens because they know MAGA is a paper tiger. permalink award report block reply Seruna_Kanus 0 points 6 days ago ICE has the opportunity to do something funny here. permalink award report block reply Krat 0 points 6 days ago Why isnt she arreated and deported then ? O thats right, we arent rrally serious... be prepared to get enslaved by clown world permalink award report block reply daveyistheman 0 points 6 days ago I'm dead serious, how in the hell is she allowed to hold office if she is not a citizen. Aren't there laws against this??? permalink award report block reply Systemfree1632 0 points 6 days ago The amount of Bravado from Democrats is absolutely amazing. permalink award report block reply Keep_on_winning_kag 0 points 6 days ago If she's not deported and her family, then trumps deportation agenda is a big joke. permalink award report block reply VoldemarBGuerta 0 points 6 days ago Imagine this happening anywhere else in the world aside from the cucked West lol permalink award report block reply terribletwos 0 points 6 days ago People don't get what just happened. Now all these groups know that they can all vote together as immigrants against Americans to take over the country. They're going to vote their way into controlling the whole country by voting with a minority because Americans are too lazy to vote and to vote in their own self interest. permalink award report block reply Bramage 0 points 6 days ago Fucking TREASON. permalink award report block reply ParticleCannon 0 points 6 days ago Time to ice a mayor permalink award report block reply Sardogna 0 points 6 days ago She probably lied about her status to get votes. That's why ICE did not come after her. permalink award report block reply shogun5000 0 points 6 days ago Because we're a joke of a country permalink award report block reply Advhawk 0 points 6 days ago It's possible because Minnesota permalink award report block reply thetiff 0 points 6 days ago Where's Tom? permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 0 points 6 days ago Sounds like an easy one for ICE. Isn't her schedule public record? permalink award report block reply GeorgeBailey 0 points 6 days ago Idk, maybe Blondi and the DOJ can do something about illegals being able to vote and run for office. I know at one time it was unconstitutional, but I’m no longer sure what laws the DOJ allows democrats to follow anymore. permalink award report block reply truthjusticetruth 0 points 6 days ago Simple, Pam Bondi. permalink award report block reply Darkpoisonousshaddow 0 points 6 days ago I presume the president has the power to act on this. It will be interesting to see what happens. permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 0 points 6 days ago it happens because of the uniparty grift permalink award report block reply bringbackthe80s 0 points 6 days ago Obama's fake birth certificate made this possible. White liberal simps started their whole 'anything goes' bullshit after that. permalink award report block reply Icepck 0 points 6 days ago Deport her permalink award report block reply Banfir 0 points 6 days ago Illegal candidates and cheating. Pretty damn simple how it's happening. permalink award report block reply Abkmd011 0 points 6 days ago Excellent. I expect ICE to pay her a visit and deport. permalink award report block reply User25000 0 points 6 days ago I really don't understand why this administration lets so many thinks slip like this. permalink award report block reply TPMJB 4 points 6 days ago Because aging boomer Republicans make up the majority of our side and only care about "Well how will I be remembered in history?!" It's harder finding someone with balls on our side than it is finding a woman with balls on the Democrat's side. permalink parent award report block reply Forty_Five 0 points 6 days ago Seems like a pretty clear deportation case. permalink award report block reply HenkZeilstra 0 points 6 days ago WEAK, this administration IS WEAK. How come Democrats get shit done, get 10 million people in within fucking 4 years, yet Republicans can't get shit done. fucking tired. permalink award report block reply Prandogolio 0 points 6 days ago Was she born here or did they bring her here? permalink award report block reply DenturesNancy 0 points 6 days ago Democraps are above the law.  That is all.  DHS barbie and especially Blondi are useless bitches, maybe more useful in bed permalink award report block reply Dev404 0 points 6 days ago Thanks for your honesty, now deport her criminal ass. permalink award report block reply MorningFrost 0 points 6 days ago FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD permalink award report block reply BarneyFrank -1 points 6 days ago Is there a law that says the mayor can’t be deported? Well then, what the hell are we waiting for? permalink award report block reply Slickrick941 -1 points 6 days ago Picks up the phone "Hello, ICE??" permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy -1 points 6 days ago well Mr Homan ?... permalink award report block reply nemonster -1 points 6 days ago What is she waiting for self deport? Anybody asked her personnally? permalink award report block reply Lawless -1 points 6 days ago This country is coming to and end permalink award report block reply OG_BACONndEGGs -2 points 6 days ago Because republicans are pussies and do nothing about everything permalink award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 6 days ago Why do you even post. All you say is auto removed. Here https://patriots.win/c/memes permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply FullyDilated 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply CharlieLovedTheJew 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 6 days ago Why do you even post. All you say is auto removed. Here https://patriots.win/c/memes permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 0 points 6 days ago Still drunk from last night, mang? We are infested with AI driven bots. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago The entire concept of "AI bots" "infesting" us is nothing but copium. How would one prove such a foolish claim? Also, such a feat takes resources you know. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 173 points 6 days ago So what she's saying is that she's given ICE everything they need to arrest her and her parents and deport all of them. permalink award report block reply Kavantar 130 points 6 days ago Real question is, why haven't they already? permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 74 points 6 days ago Because she was an anchor baby and is trying to get her face on the news by making bold, outlandish claims. This shit is painfully transparent. Come on guys, wake the fuck up. I know it's early but come on! permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 21 points 6 days ago There is no such thing as an anchor baby. That is a legal fallacy that they CONTINUE to perpetuate. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 6 days ago The reason they never had the concept of an anchor baby come up during deliberation is because it was made clear this would not cover those born to parents in the country illegally. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LawyersPlayDota 6 points 6 days ago There is, though. Shouldn't be, but there is. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 7 points 6 days ago Early? As in- the morning? Nay my  frens: the hour is late indeed permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 6 days ago It was like Six AM on the east coast lol. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... midgetpornrocks 2 points 6 days ago Illegal is the new black. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago This is how they are going to try and play the SCOTUS into ruling that their interpretation of the Constitution's 14th amendment on foreign children born in the USA.. It is all part of their Psy-Op.. I want them all gone and no foreigner should be allowed to vote or be in political office in the USA and that includes those dual citizens.. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... SmokeDopeDank 11 points 6 days ago Optics. They're afraid. permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 18 points 6 days ago Like Homan raging about how he's going to arrest any mayor or governor that stands in the way of ICE multiple times then never does. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 6 days ago "Hey guys.  I've never negotiated." permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago Nah, 14th Amendment is their Defense.... permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 6 days ago Or maybe they're backing down JUST enough that he doesn't do it. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 8 points 6 days ago Sadly true. Oh no, the media that runs 95% negative stories about me might get mad. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 6 days ago Oh I see... You think you can talk them into it... Like saying "ICE is a bitch" and "they ain't got the BALLS to arrest, detain and deport an illegal Mayor" permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 6 days ago They do, all talk and no action on all sides makes a complacent society permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... farfiman 3 points 6 days ago Because she and her parents are US citizens. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 3 points 6 days ago Only under the Unconstitutional.... 14th Amendment.... permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago That's a different  thing.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ForceMultiplier 2 points 6 days ago I recall seeing this like 2 months ago, probably here. She's a US citizen, her parents may be eligible to ease their exit from the USA by making an appointment with the CBP1 app. permalink parent award report block reply Mythologick 7 points 6 days ago Retroactively denaturalize all anchor babies, that shit was illegal as fuck IMO, deport them and their parents to whereverthefuckisntAmerica. Everyone has to fucking go. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago 14th Amendment..... And I'm with you on this, BUT, I want to hear YOUR Version of ""Denaturalization"" that might align with Constitutional Law.... permalink parent award report block reply 1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. Deport! permalink parent award report block reply Transparency 1 points 6 days ago Later that day, the state representative backtracked, telling the Minnesota Reformer that she and her parents were American citizens. She said she made the claim in an attempt to garner empathy from her GOP colleagues. Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. So they're not actually here legally, then. permalink parent award report block reply
Kavantar 130 points 6 days ago Real question is, why haven't they already? permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 74 points 6 days ago Because she was an anchor baby and is trying to get her face on the news by making bold, outlandish claims. This shit is painfully transparent. Come on guys, wake the fuck up. I know it's early but come on! permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 21 points 6 days ago There is no such thing as an anchor baby. That is a legal fallacy that they CONTINUE to perpetuate. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 6 days ago The reason they never had the concept of an anchor baby come up during deliberation is because it was made clear this would not cover those born to parents in the country illegally. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LawyersPlayDota 6 points 6 days ago There is, though. Shouldn't be, but there is. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 7 points 6 days ago Early? As in- the morning? Nay my  frens: the hour is late indeed permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 6 days ago It was like Six AM on the east coast lol. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... midgetpornrocks 2 points 6 days ago Illegal is the new black. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago This is how they are going to try and play the SCOTUS into ruling that their interpretation of the Constitution's 14th amendment on foreign children born in the USA.. It is all part of their Psy-Op.. I want them all gone and no foreigner should be allowed to vote or be in political office in the USA and that includes those dual citizens.. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... SmokeDopeDank 11 points 6 days ago Optics. They're afraid. permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 18 points 6 days ago Like Homan raging about how he's going to arrest any mayor or governor that stands in the way of ICE multiple times then never does. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 6 days ago "Hey guys.  I've never negotiated." permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago Nah, 14th Amendment is their Defense.... permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 6 days ago Or maybe they're backing down JUST enough that he doesn't do it. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 8 points 6 days ago Sadly true. Oh no, the media that runs 95% negative stories about me might get mad. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 6 days ago Oh I see... You think you can talk them into it... Like saying "ICE is a bitch" and "they ain't got the BALLS to arrest, detain and deport an illegal Mayor" permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 6 days ago They do, all talk and no action on all sides makes a complacent society permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... farfiman 3 points 6 days ago Because she and her parents are US citizens. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 3 points 6 days ago Only under the Unconstitutional.... 14th Amendment.... permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago That's a different  thing.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... ForceMultiplier 2 points 6 days ago I recall seeing this like 2 months ago, probably here. She's a US citizen, her parents may be eligible to ease their exit from the USA by making an appointment with the CBP1 app. permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 74 points 6 days ago Because she was an anchor baby and is trying to get her face on the news by making bold, outlandish claims. This shit is painfully transparent. Come on guys, wake the fuck up. I know it's early but come on! permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 21 points 6 days ago There is no such thing as an anchor baby. That is a legal fallacy that they CONTINUE to perpetuate. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 6 days ago The reason they never had the concept of an anchor baby come up during deliberation is because it was made clear this would not cover those born to parents in the country illegally. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LawyersPlayDota 6 points 6 days ago There is, though. Shouldn't be, but there is. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 7 points 6 days ago Early? As in- the morning? Nay my  frens: the hour is late indeed permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 6 days ago It was like Six AM on the east coast lol. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... midgetpornrocks 2 points 6 days ago Illegal is the new black. permalink parent award report block reply roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago This is how they are going to try and play the SCOTUS into ruling that their interpretation of the Constitution's 14th amendment on foreign children born in the USA.. It is all part of their Psy-Op.. I want them all gone and no foreigner should be allowed to vote or be in political office in the USA and that includes those dual citizens.. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
BeauHD 21 points 6 days ago There is no such thing as an anchor baby. That is a legal fallacy that they CONTINUE to perpetuate. permalink parent award report block reply NomadicKrow2 7 points 6 days ago The reason they never had the concept of an anchor baby come up during deliberation is because it was made clear this would not cover those born to parents in the country illegally. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LawyersPlayDota 6 points 6 days ago There is, though. Shouldn't be, but there is. permalink parent award report block reply
NomadicKrow2 7 points 6 days ago The reason they never had the concept of an anchor baby come up during deliberation is because it was made clear this would not cover those born to parents in the country illegally. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LawyersPlayDota 6 points 6 days ago There is, though. Shouldn't be, but there is. permalink parent award report block reply
Bohemyth_2 7 points 6 days ago Early? As in- the morning? Nay my  frens: the hour is late indeed permalink parent award report block reply TPMJB 2 points 6 days ago It was like Six AM on the east coast lol. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
TPMJB 2 points 6 days ago It was like Six AM on the east coast lol. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
midgetpornrocks 2 points 6 days ago Illegal is the new black. permalink parent award report block reply
roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago This is how they are going to try and play the SCOTUS into ruling that their interpretation of the Constitution's 14th amendment on foreign children born in the USA.. It is all part of their Psy-Op.. I want them all gone and no foreigner should be allowed to vote or be in political office in the USA and that includes those dual citizens.. permalink parent award report block reply
SmokeDopeDank 11 points 6 days ago Optics. They're afraid. permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 18 points 6 days ago Like Homan raging about how he's going to arrest any mayor or governor that stands in the way of ICE multiple times then never does. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 6 days ago "Hey guys.  I've never negotiated." permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago Nah, 14th Amendment is their Defense.... permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 6 days ago Or maybe they're backing down JUST enough that he doesn't do it. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 8 points 6 days ago Sadly true. Oh no, the media that runs 95% negative stories about me might get mad. permalink parent award report block reply The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 6 days ago Oh I see... You think you can talk them into it... Like saying "ICE is a bitch" and "they ain't got the BALLS to arrest, detain and deport an illegal Mayor" permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 6 days ago They do, all talk and no action on all sides makes a complacent society permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
ragnarokrobo 18 points 6 days ago Like Homan raging about how he's going to arrest any mayor or governor that stands in the way of ICE multiple times then never does. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 2 points 6 days ago "Hey guys.  I've never negotiated." permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments... HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago Nah, 14th Amendment is their Defense.... permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 1 points 6 days ago Or maybe they're backing down JUST enough that he doesn't do it. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 2 points 6 days ago "Hey guys.  I've never negotiated." permalink parent award report block reply view 10 more comments...
HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago Nah, 14th Amendment is their Defense.... permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 1 points 6 days ago Or maybe they're backing down JUST enough that he doesn't do it. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 8 points 6 days ago Sadly true. Oh no, the media that runs 95% negative stories about me might get mad. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Return_of_User_x 4 points 6 days ago Oh I see... You think you can talk them into it... Like saying "ICE is a bitch" and "they ain't got the BALLS to arrest, detain and deport an illegal Mayor" permalink parent award report block reply TurdFergusen 4 points 6 days ago They do, all talk and no action on all sides makes a complacent society permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
TurdFergusen 4 points 6 days ago They do, all talk and no action on all sides makes a complacent society permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
farfiman 3 points 6 days ago Because she and her parents are US citizens. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 3 points 6 days ago Only under the Unconstitutional.... 14th Amendment.... permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago That's a different  thing.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
HOSEQ 3 points 6 days ago Only under the Unconstitutional.... 14th Amendment.... permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 0 points 6 days ago That's a different  thing.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
farfiman 0 points 6 days ago That's a different  thing.... permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
ForceMultiplier 2 points 6 days ago I recall seeing this like 2 months ago, probably here. She's a US citizen, her parents may be eligible to ease their exit from the USA by making an appointment with the CBP1 app. permalink parent award report block reply
Mythologick 7 points 6 days ago Retroactively denaturalize all anchor babies, that shit was illegal as fuck IMO, deport them and their parents to whereverthefuckisntAmerica. Everyone has to fucking go. permalink parent award report block reply HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago 14th Amendment..... And I'm with you on this, BUT, I want to hear YOUR Version of ""Denaturalization"" that might align with Constitutional Law.... permalink parent award report block reply
HOSEQ 1 points 6 days ago 14th Amendment..... And I'm with you on this, BUT, I want to hear YOUR Version of ""Denaturalization"" that might align with Constitutional Law.... permalink parent award report block reply
1_Badcop 2 points 6 days ago Indeed. Deport! permalink parent award report block reply
Transparency 1 points 6 days ago Later that day, the state representative backtracked, telling the Minnesota Reformer that she and her parents were American citizens. She said she made the claim in an attempt to garner empathy from her GOP colleagues. Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. So they're not actually here legally, then. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 1 points 6 days ago Vang Her did maintain that her father broke the law when filling out refugee paperwork for her family. So they're not actually here legally, then. permalink parent award report block reply
VoteThing 61 points 6 days ago Let's not put illegal aliens in official positions of authority over natives. Sincerely, a right-wing extremist permalink award report block reply footinmouth 22 points 6 days ago In the entirety of Saint Paul and Minneapolis governments (mayor, city councils, clerks) there is ONE white male. Liberals white women invited foreigners in and voted out their own men. Liberal whites are the only group in the world with an outer group racial preference. White conservatives are fairly neutral, and every other group has a STRONG inner group bias. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 7 points 6 days ago Because liberal white women hate all but the top 1% of white men. permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 3 points 6 days ago They hate those ones too but they have a use for them permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago Only the ones who don't follow their hive mind. Like Trump.  He's especially double plus ungood because he is on the side of us blue collar men. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 6 points 6 days ago And yet their tax base is still mostly white men, who now have virtually no representation in government. Didn’t we start a war over this bullshit? permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 1 points 6 days ago You can do every day things that can make a difference over time, Drive the extra distance to not shop at the Indian run store. Don't give to charity. Use every free food bank service and hand out to horde resources. Take things, stealing does not apply to an enemy. You can just do things. permalink parent award report block reply Easzq8 1 points 6 days ago Let’s not put foreigners in any elected office anywhere. Sincerely, figuratively Hitler. permalink parent award report block reply
footinmouth 22 points 6 days ago In the entirety of Saint Paul and Minneapolis governments (mayor, city councils, clerks) there is ONE white male. Liberals white women invited foreigners in and voted out their own men. Liberal whites are the only group in the world with an outer group racial preference. White conservatives are fairly neutral, and every other group has a STRONG inner group bias. permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 7 points 6 days ago Because liberal white women hate all but the top 1% of white men. permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 3 points 6 days ago They hate those ones too but they have a use for them permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago Only the ones who don't follow their hive mind. Like Trump.  He's especially double plus ungood because he is on the side of us blue collar men. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 6 points 6 days ago And yet their tax base is still mostly white men, who now have virtually no representation in government. Didn’t we start a war over this bullshit? permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 1 points 6 days ago You can do every day things that can make a difference over time, Drive the extra distance to not shop at the Indian run store. Don't give to charity. Use every free food bank service and hand out to horde resources. Take things, stealing does not apply to an enemy. You can just do things. permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 7 points 6 days ago Because liberal white women hate all but the top 1% of white men. permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 3 points 6 days ago They hate those ones too but they have a use for them permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago Only the ones who don't follow their hive mind. Like Trump.  He's especially double plus ungood because he is on the side of us blue collar men. permalink parent award report block reply
True_Curmudgeon 3 points 6 days ago They hate those ones too but they have a use for them permalink parent award report block reply Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago Only the ones who don't follow their hive mind. Like Trump.  He's especially double plus ungood because he is on the side of us blue collar men. permalink parent award report block reply
Klown_Kutz 1 points 6 days ago Only the ones who don't follow their hive mind. Like Trump.  He's especially double plus ungood because he is on the side of us blue collar men. permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 6 points 6 days ago And yet their tax base is still mostly white men, who now have virtually no representation in government. Didn’t we start a war over this bullshit? permalink parent award report block reply footinmouth 1 points 6 days ago You can do every day things that can make a difference over time, Drive the extra distance to not shop at the Indian run store. Don't give to charity. Use every free food bank service and hand out to horde resources. Take things, stealing does not apply to an enemy. You can just do things. permalink parent award report block reply
footinmouth 1 points 6 days ago You can do every day things that can make a difference over time, Drive the extra distance to not shop at the Indian run store. Don't give to charity. Use every free food bank service and hand out to horde resources. Take things, stealing does not apply to an enemy. You can just do things. permalink parent award report block reply
Easzq8 1 points 6 days ago Let’s not put foreigners in any elected office anywhere. Sincerely, figuratively Hitler. permalink parent award report block reply
DJT_MFers1 40 points 6 days ago Hey ICE, this one is like shooting fish in a barrel permalink award report block reply
FlyCatcher94 29 points 6 days ago So deport her. permalink award report block reply deleted 15 points 6 days ago Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago I'm not your buddy, guy! permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 15 points 6 days ago Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago I'm not your buddy, guy! permalink parent award report block reply
Breacherbear 3 points 6 days ago I'm not your buddy, guy! permalink parent award report block reply
Hamadryad 20 points 6 days ago Because no one enforces the laws. permalink award report block reply cptKloss7 10 points 6 days ago Try to steal a candy bar as a white man, you'll find out "no one" permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 1 points 6 days ago When you realize that law enforcement is beholden to politics and optics, not equality, then you no longer have a valid contract with your society. Restorative Justice aka anti-whiteness is rampant. We can’t arrest democrats for obvious clear criminal acts because we need to “lower the temperature”. Why should you pay taxes? Why should you obey police? It’s anarcho-tyranny. permalink parent award report block reply
cptKloss7 10 points 6 days ago Try to steal a candy bar as a white man, you'll find out "no one" permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 1 points 6 days ago When you realize that law enforcement is beholden to politics and optics, not equality, then you no longer have a valid contract with your society. Restorative Justice aka anti-whiteness is rampant. We can’t arrest democrats for obvious clear criminal acts because we need to “lower the temperature”. Why should you pay taxes? Why should you obey police? It’s anarcho-tyranny. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 11 points 6 days ago Does the MN law state anywhere specifically she MUST be a Citizen to Run for office? permalink award report block reply AmericanJawa 38 points 6 days ago Does the MN law state anywhere specifically she MUST be a Citizen to Run for office? Kind of irrelevant when US law says you can't be here if you're a criminal invader. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 9 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. But if STATE LAW says she must be a citizen to run for office - any MN citizen can sue and get her removed from office.  MNGOP should have been at least looking into this. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 4 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. True, but she's highlighting herself as an easy one to go after. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 6 days ago MAGA should do some lifting too.... permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 6 days ago And by holding office illegally, her potential for causing damage to America is much greater than the common rabble and should be prioritized. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago More than that, she’s in a position of power over native citizens. By any definition, she is a greater threat than 99% of illegals and should be priority one for deportation. permalink parent award report block reply thisguy883 7 points 6 days ago its (d)ifferent. permalink parent award report block reply farfiman 3 points 6 days ago She is a US citizen. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 38 points 6 days ago Does the MN law state anywhere specifically she MUST be a Citizen to Run for office? Kind of irrelevant when US law says you can't be here if you're a criminal invader. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 9 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. But if STATE LAW says she must be a citizen to run for office - any MN citizen can sue and get her removed from office.  MNGOP should have been at least looking into this. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 4 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. True, but she's highlighting herself as an easy one to go after. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 6 days ago MAGA should do some lifting too.... permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 6 days ago And by holding office illegally, her potential for causing damage to America is much greater than the common rabble and should be prioritized. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago More than that, she’s in a position of power over native citizens. By any definition, she is a greater threat than 99% of illegals and should be priority one for deportation. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 9 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. But if STATE LAW says she must be a citizen to run for office - any MN citizen can sue and get her removed from office.  MNGOP should have been at least looking into this. permalink parent award report block reply AmericanJawa 4 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. True, but she's highlighting herself as an easy one to go after. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 6 days ago MAGA should do some lifting too.... permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 6 days ago And by holding office illegally, her potential for causing damage to America is much greater than the common rabble and should be prioritized. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago More than that, she’s in a position of power over native citizens. By any definition, she is a greater threat than 99% of illegals and should be priority one for deportation. permalink parent award report block reply
AmericanJawa 4 points 6 days ago It's very important... ICE can deport - but they have some 20-30 MILLION people to go after. True, but she's highlighting herself as an easy one to go after. permalink parent award report block reply Bullet3250 5 points 6 days ago MAGA should do some lifting too.... permalink parent award report block reply Made_in_America 3 points 6 days ago And by holding office illegally, her potential for causing damage to America is much greater than the common rabble and should be prioritized. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago More than that, she’s in a position of power over native citizens. By any definition, she is a greater threat than 99% of illegals and should be priority one for deportation. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 5 points 6 days ago MAGA should do some lifting too.... permalink parent award report block reply
Made_in_America 3 points 6 days ago And by holding office illegally, her potential for causing damage to America is much greater than the common rabble and should be prioritized. permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 2 points 6 days ago More than that, she’s in a position of power over native citizens. By any definition, she is a greater threat than 99% of illegals and should be priority one for deportation. permalink parent award report block reply
thisguy883 7 points 6 days ago its (d)ifferent. permalink parent award report block reply
farfiman 3 points 6 days ago She is a US citizen. permalink parent award report block reply
farfiman 10 points 6 days ago She isn't illegal. Also her parents. They all got citizenship as refugees from Vietnam permalink award report block reply charwoman 8 points 6 days ago yep, this is a trap. After the Viet Nam war, the Hmong were brought over hear as a humanitarian gesture and as pay pack for the aid rendered by Hmong to the US military.
They are all here legally. Again, she is spouting this to set a trap. Don't take the bait. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Is the trap that she’s a liar? Because I don’t think it reflects poorly on me to demand deportation of someone who is declaring herself illegal only to then find out that she was lying. That’s like someone making a false bomb threat and then saying “gotcha” when I call the police. permalink parent award report block reply charwoman 1 points 6 days ago You should know by now how leftists roll. Don't take their bait. Or get off the MAGA side. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 1 points 6 days ago You know they are lying when their lips move permalink parent award report block reply
charwoman 8 points 6 days ago yep, this is a trap. After the Viet Nam war, the Hmong were brought over hear as a humanitarian gesture and as pay pack for the aid rendered by Hmong to the US military.
They are all here legally. Again, she is spouting this to set a trap. Don't take the bait. permalink parent award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Is the trap that she’s a liar? Because I don’t think it reflects poorly on me to demand deportation of someone who is declaring herself illegal only to then find out that she was lying. That’s like someone making a false bomb threat and then saying “gotcha” when I call the police. permalink parent award report block reply charwoman 1 points 6 days ago You should know by now how leftists roll. Don't take their bait. Or get off the MAGA side. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 1 points 6 days ago You know they are lying when their lips move permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Is the trap that she’s a liar? Because I don’t think it reflects poorly on me to demand deportation of someone who is declaring herself illegal only to then find out that she was lying. That’s like someone making a false bomb threat and then saying “gotcha” when I call the police. permalink parent award report block reply charwoman 1 points 6 days ago You should know by now how leftists roll. Don't take their bait. Or get off the MAGA side. permalink parent award report block reply Breacherbear 1 points 6 days ago You know they are lying when their lips move permalink parent award report block reply
charwoman 1 points 6 days ago You should know by now how leftists roll. Don't take their bait. Or get off the MAGA side. permalink parent award report block reply
Breacherbear 1 points 6 days ago You know they are lying when their lips move permalink parent award report block reply
OrangeManBadasss 9 points 6 days ago Did anybody actually READ the article? permalink award report block reply 67Vert 0 points 6 days ago No. 95% of TD are fucking idiots who can’t read past fake news headlines. permalink parent award report block reply
67Vert 0 points 6 days ago No. 95% of TD are fucking idiots who can’t read past fake news headlines. permalink parent award report block reply
NOTWOKE 5 points 6 days ago Easily. All the illegals voted for the illegal. Simple as this. Plus all the fake mail in votes permalink award report block reply current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Don’t forget all of the white traitors, most of them women. permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 2 points 6 days ago Don’t forget all of the white traitors, most of them women. permalink parent award report block reply
twentytwentyfourr 4 points 6 days ago they want barabas permalink award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 3 points 6 days ago She isn't a real illegal. Isn't mayor a downgrade from state legislator? permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 3 points 6 days ago So if this is accurate why hasn't she been detained and deported? permalink award report block reply
Siteless_Vagrant 3 points 6 days ago KS AG is suing some one that works in a mayors office (or is the mayor?) that is in the country legally (green card) but violated KS law by voting while not a citizen. Big problem here, as with trucking, and other things, is our legal system isn’t hardened against a non- military invasion/ occupation, because there hasn’t ever been one before. And that is, no confusion, exactly. A non- militarized invasion/ occupation. permalink award report block reply
BlackFolk 3 points 6 days ago More fake news. She is a citizen. permalink award report block reply
Smashley 2 points 6 days ago Her parents lied to get refugee status from Cambodia. They came via fraud and she was naturalized after. It's fucking bullshit but it is what it is. We need to start taking this place back while we still can or it will be over soon. permalink award report block reply
TurdFergusen 2 points 6 days ago Are we trusting the slop from Gateway Pundit again? They tend to just make shit up permalink award report block reply
CJ74U2NV 2 points 6 days ago The invasion is real there.  Illegals are voting for Illegals. permalink award report block reply
Kilroy 2 points 6 days ago Where the hell is the FBI and DOJ? Apparently all the tuff talk was just talk. permalink award report block reply
1True-translation 2 points 6 days ago If I recall she was actually lying about that permalink award report block reply
Nellie_the_Beaut 2 points 6 days ago Paging Tom Homan. Paging Tom Homan. Mr. Tom Homan, please pick up the red courtesy phone. permalink award report block reply
roadrunner0 2 points 6 days ago We have to wait for the SCOTUS ruling about anchor babies before throwing them out.. permalink award report block reply
JimmyRussler 2 points 6 days ago Because who's gonna stop her that's how. permalink award report block reply
jdemarco2014 2 points 6 days ago She’s a fake illegal trying to setup a trap for ice, do not take the bait, especially this close to the 26 election permalink award report block reply
Scot 2 points 6 days ago It's possible because the GOP refuses to enforce our laws against the criminal democrats. permalink award report block reply
OZJRant 1 points 6 days ago Western culture is so used to bending the knee that this is just normalised? Problem is.. we have let so many immigrants in to our countries they are no longer hiding it and there is so few people willing to stand up and question it ?? permalink award report block reply
thehumbleme 1 points 6 days ago I thought this came up and she was arrested?  What? permalink award report block reply
Firespawn 1 points 6 days ago Because they're going to do whatever the hell they want. No one is stopping them. With zero consequences, none of our laws apply to them. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 6 days ago Enjoy your extinction, hey at least you can say you're not racist! permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 1 points 6 days ago Out out out permalink award report block reply
auntjemima 1 points 6 days ago She a naturalized US citizen and has been for decades.  Originally a 4yr old Laos refugee who got legal status.  She is also clearly a prolific liar and hence she is a democrap. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 6 days ago We debunked this months ago. Stop already. Why is everyone stupid? permalink award report block reply
Flowers-By-Irene 1 points 6 days ago Election fraud is legal. Duh. permalink award report block reply
Eruditio 1 points 6 days ago Either she is a U.S. Citizen or shes not.
If she is she stays.
If shes not then she gets rounded up and deported. permalink award report block reply
OTher55 1 points 6 days ago Minnesota is a Canadian province, not an American state. Trump should sign an XO re-naming it South Manitoba permalink award report block reply
cross_bearer_02 1 points 6 days ago It's simple. For the left, our Law isn't a thing to be followed or respected. It's merely an obstacle to be climbed over or skirted around, or outright ignored. We are two nations, diametrically opposed to one another, occupying the same physical space. Something must give. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 6 days ago Voting machines? permalink award report block reply
Schroeder09 1 points 6 days ago it isnt legal.  Grab her up and deport her.  Trump and team don't have the stones though. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 6 days ago It's not enough to report her to ICE. You have to report her to the State Dept., which takes the proper action: register.state.gov Scroll to end for form. Attn: Landau permalink award report block reply
Chickensaurus 1 points 6 days ago It happens because they know MAGA is a paper tiger. permalink award report block reply
Seruna_Kanus 0 points 6 days ago ICE has the opportunity to do something funny here. permalink award report block reply
Krat 0 points 6 days ago Why isnt she arreated and deported then ? O thats right, we arent rrally serious... be prepared to get enslaved by clown world permalink award report block reply
daveyistheman 0 points 6 days ago I'm dead serious, how in the hell is she allowed to hold office if she is not a citizen. Aren't there laws against this??? permalink award report block reply
Systemfree1632 0 points 6 days ago The amount of Bravado from Democrats is absolutely amazing. permalink award report block reply
Keep_on_winning_kag 0 points 6 days ago If she's not deported and her family, then trumps deportation agenda is a big joke. permalink award report block reply
VoldemarBGuerta 0 points 6 days ago Imagine this happening anywhere else in the world aside from the cucked West lol permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 0 points 6 days ago People don't get what just happened. Now all these groups know that they can all vote together as immigrants against Americans to take over the country. They're going to vote their way into controlling the whole country by voting with a minority because Americans are too lazy to vote and to vote in their own self interest. permalink award report block reply
Bramage 0 points 6 days ago Fucking TREASON. permalink award report block reply
ParticleCannon 0 points 6 days ago Time to ice a mayor permalink award report block reply
Sardogna 0 points 6 days ago She probably lied about her status to get votes. That's why ICE did not come after her. permalink award report block reply
shogun5000 0 points 6 days ago Because we're a joke of a country permalink award report block reply
Advhawk 0 points 6 days ago It's possible because Minnesota permalink award report block reply
thetiff 0 points 6 days ago Where's Tom? permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 0 points 6 days ago Sounds like an easy one for ICE. Isn't her schedule public record? permalink award report block reply
GeorgeBailey 0 points 6 days ago Idk, maybe Blondi and the DOJ can do something about illegals being able to vote and run for office. I know at one time it was unconstitutional, but I’m no longer sure what laws the DOJ allows democrats to follow anymore. permalink award report block reply
truthjusticetruth 0 points 6 days ago Simple, Pam Bondi. permalink award report block reply
Darkpoisonousshaddow 0 points 6 days ago I presume the president has the power to act on this. It will be interesting to see what happens. permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 0 points 6 days ago it happens because of the uniparty grift permalink award report block reply
bringbackthe80s 0 points 6 days ago Obama's fake birth certificate made this possible. White liberal simps started their whole 'anything goes' bullshit after that. permalink award report block reply
Icepck 0 points 6 days ago Deport her permalink award report block reply
Banfir 0 points 6 days ago Illegal candidates and cheating. Pretty damn simple how it's happening. permalink award report block reply
Abkmd011 0 points 6 days ago Excellent. I expect ICE to pay her a visit and deport. permalink award report block reply
User25000 0 points 6 days ago I really don't understand why this administration lets so many thinks slip like this. permalink award report block reply TPMJB 4 points 6 days ago Because aging boomer Republicans make up the majority of our side and only care about "Well how will I be remembered in history?!" It's harder finding someone with balls on our side than it is finding a woman with balls on the Democrat's side. permalink parent award report block reply
TPMJB 4 points 6 days ago Because aging boomer Republicans make up the majority of our side and only care about "Well how will I be remembered in history?!" It's harder finding someone with balls on our side than it is finding a woman with balls on the Democrat's side. permalink parent award report block reply
Forty_Five 0 points 6 days ago Seems like a pretty clear deportation case. permalink award report block reply
HenkZeilstra 0 points 6 days ago WEAK, this administration IS WEAK. How come Democrats get shit done, get 10 million people in within fucking 4 years, yet Republicans can't get shit done. fucking tired. permalink award report block reply
Prandogolio 0 points 6 days ago Was she born here or did they bring her here? permalink award report block reply
DenturesNancy 0 points 6 days ago Democraps are above the law.  That is all.  DHS barbie and especially Blondi are useless bitches, maybe more useful in bed permalink award report block reply
Dev404 0 points 6 days ago Thanks for your honesty, now deport her criminal ass. permalink award report block reply
MorningFrost 0 points 6 days ago FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD permalink award report block reply
BarneyFrank -1 points 6 days ago Is there a law that says the mayor can’t be deported? Well then, what the hell are we waiting for? permalink award report block reply
Slickrick941 -1 points 6 days ago Picks up the phone "Hello, ICE??" permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy -1 points 6 days ago well Mr Homan ?... permalink award report block reply
nemonster -1 points 6 days ago What is she waiting for self deport? Anybody asked her personnally? permalink award report block reply
Lawless -1 points 6 days ago This country is coming to and end permalink award report block reply
OG_BACONndEGGs -2 points 6 days ago Because republicans are pussies and do nothing about everything permalink award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 6 days ago Why do you even post. All you say is auto removed. Here https://patriots.win/c/memes permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 6 days ago Why do you even post. All you say is auto removed. Here https://patriots.win/c/memes permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
FullyDilated 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
CharlieLovedTheJew 0 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 6 days ago Why do you even post. All you say is auto removed. Here https://patriots.win/c/memes permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 0 points 6 days ago Still drunk from last night, mang? We are infested with AI driven bots. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago The entire concept of "AI bots" "infesting" us is nothing but copium. How would one prove such a foolish claim? Also, such a feat takes resources you know. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 6 days ago Why do you even post. All you say is auto removed. Here https://patriots.win/c/memes permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 0 points 6 days ago Still drunk from last night, mang? We are infested with AI driven bots. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago The entire concept of "AI bots" "infesting" us is nothing but copium. How would one prove such a foolish claim? Also, such a feat takes resources you know. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 0 points 6 days ago Still drunk from last night, mang? We are infested with AI driven bots. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago The entire concept of "AI bots" "infesting" us is nothing but copium. How would one prove such a foolish claim? Also, such a feat takes resources you know. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago The entire concept of "AI bots" "infesting" us is nothing but copium. How would one prove such a foolish claim? Also, such a feat takes resources you know. permalink parent award report block reply