364 The US Mint will officially STOP minting pennies. Today, the LAST Penny will be minted! posted 5 hours ago by Addos 56 comments award share report block The Patriot Oasis™ @ThePatriotOasis • 9h 🚨BREAKING: IT'S OFFICIAL: The US Mint will officially STOP minting pennies. Today, the LAST Penny will be minted! One Penny Costs the U.S Taxpayer $0.37 cents to Mint. U.S. Mint lost $85,300,000,000 BILLION minting pennies in FY2024 alone.
56 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style perma-maga 32 points 5 hours ago devaluation of our money End The Fed permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 13 points 5 hours ago Trump should take steps to make pennies cheaper. This is not the way. This is what the devil WANTS. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 7 points 5 hours ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 37 minutes ago Nobody got mad when they stopped minting the haypenny or the trime. Pennies are worthless, and have been worthless for nearly a century. There's no turning the clock back; the amount of deflation required would be world-ending-panic-inducing. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 32 minutes ago Because there was no digital currency techno slavery madness on the horizon. You use the "but the times have changed argument". I'm using it too. The times have indeed changed and that is EXACTLY WHY we should reject the ceasing of minting the penny. deflation required Would be zero. Take steps to make penny printing cheaper, then. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 16 minutes ago No matter how cheap the penny is to produce, you never have spent a single penny and never will spend a single penny in your entire life. Odds are good your father didn't either. I'm in agreement that CBDC is water-the-tree time. But stamping literal garbage coins isn't the way to fight back, from my perspective. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 5 points 5 hours ago fuck it. Lets give out $2k checks instead🤡👍 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 5 hours ago This is step 1 in the multi-step plan to wean us off "oUtDAtEd" physical currency, and normalize a "nEw aNd iMpRovEd" cashless society utopia 666 CBDC/Digital ID(DID) AI spy techno-slavery grid system. Brave New World. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 6 points 5 hours ago Yes, the globalists want to be able to control our money as a means to control us.  No, ending the production of the penny is not a step in that direction.  The coin has become economically impractical to continue producing because the cost per unit is nearly 4x the face value of the coin.  It’s darned near the point where picking up a penny off the ground is a way to lose money because the time to do so is more valuable. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 3 points 4 hours ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 4 hours ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 15 points 5 hours ago The cost to make a penny is 3.7¢ each, not $0.37 each. permalink award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 6 points 5 hours ago But the X post says BREAKING! and OFFICIAL!  Don't question the obviously retarded math. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 5 hours ago that makes it sooooo much better permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply amopheldupsidedown 3 points 4 hours ago And it does make it better, it makes 90% of the problem disappear. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 12 points 5 hours ago There had better be a 1775-2025 USMC 250th Penny. If not, it’s a disgraceful shame. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 3 points 5 hours ago They really only make commemorative dollars and quarters. Edit: I guess that's not totally true, they had the Lewis and Clark nickels and the Life of Lincoln pennies, but still that seems like something much more likely to be on a bigger coin. permalink parent award report block reply ApprenticeParty 1 points 1 hour ago They made a silver eagle. Sold out in minutes. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 8 points 5 hours ago Only a 37:1 loss ratio? Must be the most efficient department of the government. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 5 points 4 hours ago It's not, the OP on X is a fucking retard.  It's roughly $0.037 to produce, not $0.37.  So, 3.7:1.  Your point still stands. permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 5 points 5 hours ago The half-penny was no longer needed thus discontinued. permalink award report block reply tt777 5 points 5 hours ago Won't a penny last and be used for decades? That's quite a return of investment on the minting. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago The cost to make a coin vs it's face value has never really been a logical metric to make a decision on. permalink parent award report block reply ThorsonTT 5 points 5 hours ago We don't mint pennies in the USA.  US currency is in dollars and cents.  Pennies are English. Yeah, I'm being that person. permalink award report block reply Goatboy66 4 points 5 hours ago Just make the Penny worth 3.7 Cents permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 5 hours ago You should get a job at the Fed. permalink parent award report block reply Watermelons 3 points 4 hours ago So, they lost $85.3 Billion, not $85,300,000,000 Billion.  This means that we minted roughly 230 Billion Pennies at $0.37 to mint per penny. Obviously wrong. @ThePatriotOasis is fucking retarded and can't do math or fact check prior to posting nonsense.  In the actual news release it said that pennies cost roughly $0.037 to produce. Which means   it cost roughly $136.9 Million to produce them and we lost roughly $100 Million producing them (note the 85.3 v 100MM is likely due to them rounding $0.037 price to produce). permalink award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 5 hours ago Banks nearby either not allowing rolls to be purchased or limiting them to 2-3. Really gonna piss me off when they start rounding card purchases....and YOU KNOW that shit's gonna happen everywhere. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago Why would they round card purchases?  Cents can still be used electronically. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 5 hours ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 2 points 4 hours ago Every transaction that includes a 9.34% sales tax is already rounded. permalink parent award report block reply panic86 1 points 12 minutes ago Gasoline is priced to the thousandth of a dollar. Omg how can I get my exact change? I want my tenth of a penny! permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSam 2 points 5 hours ago Completely un-American. The liberals wanted this in the early 2010s and would not shut up about it. Why do we always give in? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 2 points 2 hours ago The devaluation will make the nickle the dime the quarter and even the dollar worthless in our lifetime. If we go hyper we could see every American end up a millionaire or even trillionare permalink award report block reply panic86 1 points 10 minutes ago Those are rookie numbers. permalink parent award report block reply nje1540 2 points 4 hours ago What will become of the many penny stamping machines at national parks, Disney, etc? Will somebody think of the children and their cheap souvenirs? permalink award report block reply ohwell316 2 points 5 hours ago We need a 99 cent coin permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 5 hours ago I got 99 cents but a penny ain’t one. permalink parent award report block reply YaharaRiver 2 points 5 hours ago NEW CURRENCY IS COMING. permalink award report block reply Marat1792 1 points 5 hours ago Now lets think about this kids. Do you think retailers will round their prices up or down to compensate? permalink award report block reply CovfefeKaren 1 points 5 hours ago They're working their way up to taking our paper money.  I sell eggs for $5/doz and doing pretty good for my hobby that more than pays for itself and gives me and my family all the eggs we can eat.  Big gov. wants me to pay taxes on it, guaranteed.  Most of the people I sell eggs to are Hispanic who still deal in cash.  White people mostly want to pay me with cash app or venmo.  So yea, they're trying to make it harder to have a side job, that's the bottom line. What's next?  $1 and $2 coins?  "loonies and toonies" they call them in Canada.  This isn't Canada. This is America. permalink award report block reply ApprenticeParty 3 points 1 hour ago We’ve had $1 coins forever. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 33 minutes ago The 50¢ coin and the $1 coin are both pretty handy, but they are uncommon and don't fit in a billfold; it's a pain in the ass to have to explain to cashiers what the face value of the coin you just handed them is. permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 1 points 4 hours ago Awesome! I LOVE CBDCs! Let's stop with the pretense once and for all and just admit money isn't real and the whole system exists solely to fuck us! permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 5 hours ago Stickied for the second time this morning. New Mods, watch what you are doing, thanks. permalink award report block reply OffendingSomeone 1 points 4 hours ago This is so stupid and shortsighted. It might cost ~4 times the cost to produce a penny (~3.69 cents), but a nickel costs ~13.78 cents to produce. Four pennies cost ~14.76, so a nickel is technically cheaper. Now, stores are going to start rounding up or down, likely increasing the need for more nickels. Watch them come for nickels next, since a dime only costs ~5.8 cents to produce. permalink award report block reply CommonSenseAmerican 1 points 4 hours ago Copper pennies just became more collectable. permalink award report block reply CharlieMike 1 points 3 hours ago So save your pennies now and use them for under the table transactions that aren’t tracked.  Start (or continue) parallel economy. permalink award report block reply Roadcruiser2 -2 points 5 hours ago Nickels, and dimes need to be ditched next. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 5 hours ago Yeah, lets kill more of our currency and take a mark on our right hand or forehead. Let's seperate ourselves from eternal life with God, for a temporary "better" life here and an eternal death and seperation from God. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 31 minutes ago Inflation has made them worthless. Nobody's spent a dime in decades, and nobody's spent a nickel in over half a century. Pulling these coins out of circulation due to inflation is an opportunity to wake people up - the government has printed so many dollars that coins are all but worthless. When normies see coins that have been around their entire lives disappear, maybe they'll finally understand what's been happening, because the loss of purchasing power in dollars and rapidly increasing prices hasn't shook them awake yet. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 30 minutes ago Then end the IRS and Fed and make a plastic penny out of recycled plastic. permalink parent award report block reply
perma-maga 32 points 5 hours ago devaluation of our money End The Fed permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 13 points 5 hours ago Trump should take steps to make pennies cheaper. This is not the way. This is what the devil WANTS. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 7 points 5 hours ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 37 minutes ago Nobody got mad when they stopped minting the haypenny or the trime. Pennies are worthless, and have been worthless for nearly a century. There's no turning the clock back; the amount of deflation required would be world-ending-panic-inducing. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 32 minutes ago Because there was no digital currency techno slavery madness on the horizon. You use the "but the times have changed argument". I'm using it too. The times have indeed changed and that is EXACTLY WHY we should reject the ceasing of minting the penny. deflation required Would be zero. Take steps to make penny printing cheaper, then. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 16 minutes ago No matter how cheap the penny is to produce, you never have spent a single penny and never will spend a single penny in your entire life. Odds are good your father didn't either. I'm in agreement that CBDC is water-the-tree time. But stamping literal garbage coins isn't the way to fight back, from my perspective. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 5 points 5 hours ago fuck it. Lets give out $2k checks instead🤡👍 permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 13 points 5 hours ago Trump should take steps to make pennies cheaper. This is not the way. This is what the devil WANTS. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 7 points 5 hours ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 37 minutes ago Nobody got mad when they stopped minting the haypenny or the trime. Pennies are worthless, and have been worthless for nearly a century. There's no turning the clock back; the amount of deflation required would be world-ending-panic-inducing. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 32 minutes ago Because there was no digital currency techno slavery madness on the horizon. You use the "but the times have changed argument". I'm using it too. The times have indeed changed and that is EXACTLY WHY we should reject the ceasing of minting the penny. deflation required Would be zero. Take steps to make penny printing cheaper, then. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 16 minutes ago No matter how cheap the penny is to produce, you never have spent a single penny and never will spend a single penny in your entire life. Odds are good your father didn't either. I'm in agreement that CBDC is water-the-tree time. But stamping literal garbage coins isn't the way to fight back, from my perspective. permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 7 points 5 hours ago One tiny penny here, non taxable yard sale money there, and suddenly for no reason we’re at no cash CBDC. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 1 points 37 minutes ago Nobody got mad when they stopped minting the haypenny or the trime. Pennies are worthless, and have been worthless for nearly a century. There's no turning the clock back; the amount of deflation required would be world-ending-panic-inducing. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 32 minutes ago Because there was no digital currency techno slavery madness on the horizon. You use the "but the times have changed argument". I'm using it too. The times have indeed changed and that is EXACTLY WHY we should reject the ceasing of minting the penny. deflation required Would be zero. Take steps to make penny printing cheaper, then. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 16 minutes ago No matter how cheap the penny is to produce, you never have spent a single penny and never will spend a single penny in your entire life. Odds are good your father didn't either. I'm in agreement that CBDC is water-the-tree time. But stamping literal garbage coins isn't the way to fight back, from my perspective. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 32 minutes ago Because there was no digital currency techno slavery madness on the horizon. You use the "but the times have changed argument". I'm using it too. The times have indeed changed and that is EXACTLY WHY we should reject the ceasing of minting the penny. deflation required Would be zero. Take steps to make penny printing cheaper, then. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 16 minutes ago No matter how cheap the penny is to produce, you never have spent a single penny and never will spend a single penny in your entire life. Odds are good your father didn't either. I'm in agreement that CBDC is water-the-tree time. But stamping literal garbage coins isn't the way to fight back, from my perspective. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 1 points 16 minutes ago No matter how cheap the penny is to produce, you never have spent a single penny and never will spend a single penny in your entire life. Odds are good your father didn't either. I'm in agreement that CBDC is water-the-tree time. But stamping literal garbage coins isn't the way to fight back, from my perspective. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 5 points 5 hours ago fuck it. Lets give out $2k checks instead🤡👍 permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 5 hours ago This is step 1 in the multi-step plan to wean us off "oUtDAtEd" physical currency, and normalize a "nEw aNd iMpRovEd" cashless society utopia 666 CBDC/Digital ID(DID) AI spy techno-slavery grid system. Brave New World. permalink award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 6 points 5 hours ago Yes, the globalists want to be able to control our money as a means to control us.  No, ending the production of the penny is not a step in that direction.  The coin has become economically impractical to continue producing because the cost per unit is nearly 4x the face value of the coin.  It’s darned near the point where picking up a penny off the ground is a way to lose money because the time to do so is more valuable. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 3 points 4 hours ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 4 hours ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 6 points 5 hours ago Yes, the globalists want to be able to control our money as a means to control us.  No, ending the production of the penny is not a step in that direction.  The coin has become economically impractical to continue producing because the cost per unit is nearly 4x the face value of the coin.  It’s darned near the point where picking up a penny off the ground is a way to lose money because the time to do so is more valuable. permalink parent award report block reply DefenderDad 3 points 4 hours ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 4 hours ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
DefenderDad 3 points 4 hours ago That just means the minerals in the penny are more valuable than the assigned value. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 1 points 4 hours ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 1 points 4 hours ago Or that we've had so much inflation that it's not worth it.  If we're not debating whether or not to start minting copper half-pennies then inflation is too high. permalink parent award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 15 points 5 hours ago The cost to make a penny is 3.7¢ each, not $0.37 each. permalink award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 6 points 5 hours ago But the X post says BREAKING! and OFFICIAL!  Don't question the obviously retarded math. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 2 points 5 hours ago that makes it sooooo much better permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply amopheldupsidedown 3 points 4 hours ago And it does make it better, it makes 90% of the problem disappear. permalink parent award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 6 points 5 hours ago But the X post says BREAKING! and OFFICIAL!  Don't question the obviously retarded math. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 2 points 5 hours ago that makes it sooooo much better permalink parent award report block reply GuidedDisinfo 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply amopheldupsidedown 3 points 4 hours ago And it does make it better, it makes 90% of the problem disappear. permalink parent award report block reply
GuidedDisinfo 3 points 5 hours ago Don’t read what isn’t there.  A correction isn’t a defense. permalink parent award report block reply amopheldupsidedown 3 points 4 hours ago And it does make it better, it makes 90% of the problem disappear. permalink parent award report block reply
amopheldupsidedown 3 points 4 hours ago And it does make it better, it makes 90% of the problem disappear. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 12 points 5 hours ago There had better be a 1775-2025 USMC 250th Penny. If not, it’s a disgraceful shame. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 3 points 5 hours ago They really only make commemorative dollars and quarters. Edit: I guess that's not totally true, they had the Lewis and Clark nickels and the Life of Lincoln pennies, but still that seems like something much more likely to be on a bigger coin. permalink parent award report block reply ApprenticeParty 1 points 1 hour ago They made a silver eagle. Sold out in minutes. permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 3 points 5 hours ago They really only make commemorative dollars and quarters. Edit: I guess that's not totally true, they had the Lewis and Clark nickels and the Life of Lincoln pennies, but still that seems like something much more likely to be on a bigger coin. permalink parent award report block reply
ApprenticeParty 1 points 1 hour ago They made a silver eagle. Sold out in minutes. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 8 points 5 hours ago Only a 37:1 loss ratio? Must be the most efficient department of the government. permalink award report block reply Watermelons 5 points 4 hours ago It's not, the OP on X is a fucking retard.  It's roughly $0.037 to produce, not $0.37.  So, 3.7:1.  Your point still stands. permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 5 points 4 hours ago It's not, the OP on X is a fucking retard.  It's roughly $0.037 to produce, not $0.37.  So, 3.7:1.  Your point still stands. permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 5 points 5 hours ago The half-penny was no longer needed thus discontinued. permalink award report block reply
tt777 5 points 5 hours ago Won't a penny last and be used for decades? That's quite a return of investment on the minting. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago The cost to make a coin vs it's face value has never really been a logical metric to make a decision on. permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago The cost to make a coin vs it's face value has never really been a logical metric to make a decision on. permalink parent award report block reply
ThorsonTT 5 points 5 hours ago We don't mint pennies in the USA.  US currency is in dollars and cents.  Pennies are English. Yeah, I'm being that person. permalink award report block reply
Goatboy66 4 points 5 hours ago Just make the Penny worth 3.7 Cents permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 3 points 5 hours ago You should get a job at the Fed. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 3 points 5 hours ago You should get a job at the Fed. permalink parent award report block reply
Watermelons 3 points 4 hours ago So, they lost $85.3 Billion, not $85,300,000,000 Billion.  This means that we minted roughly 230 Billion Pennies at $0.37 to mint per penny. Obviously wrong. @ThePatriotOasis is fucking retarded and can't do math or fact check prior to posting nonsense.  In the actual news release it said that pennies cost roughly $0.037 to produce. Which means   it cost roughly $136.9 Million to produce them and we lost roughly $100 Million producing them (note the 85.3 v 100MM is likely due to them rounding $0.037 price to produce). permalink award report block reply
1inchgroup 2 points 5 hours ago Banks nearby either not allowing rolls to be purchased or limiting them to 2-3. Really gonna piss me off when they start rounding card purchases....and YOU KNOW that shit's gonna happen everywhere. permalink award report block reply Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago Why would they round card purchases?  Cents can still be used electronically. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 5 hours ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply hey_spike 2 points 4 hours ago Every transaction that includes a 9.34% sales tax is already rounded. permalink parent award report block reply panic86 1 points 12 minutes ago Gasoline is priced to the thousandth of a dollar. Omg how can I get my exact change? I want my tenth of a penny! permalink parent award report block reply
Tardigrade 2 points 5 hours ago Why would they round card purchases?  Cents can still be used electronically. permalink parent award report block reply 1inchgroup 2 points 5 hours ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply
1inchgroup 2 points 5 hours ago I have zero faith these days for most issues.  Greed primarily. permalink parent award report block reply
hey_spike 2 points 4 hours ago Every transaction that includes a 9.34% sales tax is already rounded. permalink parent award report block reply panic86 1 points 12 minutes ago Gasoline is priced to the thousandth of a dollar. Omg how can I get my exact change? I want my tenth of a penny! permalink parent award report block reply
panic86 1 points 12 minutes ago Gasoline is priced to the thousandth of a dollar. Omg how can I get my exact change? I want my tenth of a penny! permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSam 2 points 5 hours ago Completely un-American. The liberals wanted this in the early 2010s and would not shut up about it. Why do we always give in? permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 2 points 2 hours ago The devaluation will make the nickle the dime the quarter and even the dollar worthless in our lifetime. If we go hyper we could see every American end up a millionaire or even trillionare permalink award report block reply panic86 1 points 10 minutes ago Those are rookie numbers. permalink parent award report block reply
panic86 1 points 10 minutes ago Those are rookie numbers. permalink parent award report block reply
nje1540 2 points 4 hours ago What will become of the many penny stamping machines at national parks, Disney, etc? Will somebody think of the children and their cheap souvenirs? permalink award report block reply
ohwell316 2 points 5 hours ago We need a 99 cent coin permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 5 hours ago I got 99 cents but a penny ain’t one. permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 2 points 5 hours ago I got 99 cents but a penny ain’t one. permalink parent award report block reply
YaharaRiver 2 points 5 hours ago NEW CURRENCY IS COMING. permalink award report block reply
Marat1792 1 points 5 hours ago Now lets think about this kids. Do you think retailers will round their prices up or down to compensate? permalink award report block reply
CovfefeKaren 1 points 5 hours ago They're working their way up to taking our paper money.  I sell eggs for $5/doz and doing pretty good for my hobby that more than pays for itself and gives me and my family all the eggs we can eat.  Big gov. wants me to pay taxes on it, guaranteed.  Most of the people I sell eggs to are Hispanic who still deal in cash.  White people mostly want to pay me with cash app or venmo.  So yea, they're trying to make it harder to have a side job, that's the bottom line. What's next?  $1 and $2 coins?  "loonies and toonies" they call them in Canada.  This isn't Canada. This is America. permalink award report block reply ApprenticeParty 3 points 1 hour ago We’ve had $1 coins forever. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 33 minutes ago The 50¢ coin and the $1 coin are both pretty handy, but they are uncommon and don't fit in a billfold; it's a pain in the ass to have to explain to cashiers what the face value of the coin you just handed them is. permalink parent award report block reply
ApprenticeParty 3 points 1 hour ago We’ve had $1 coins forever. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 33 minutes ago The 50¢ coin and the $1 coin are both pretty handy, but they are uncommon and don't fit in a billfold; it's a pain in the ass to have to explain to cashiers what the face value of the coin you just handed them is. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 1 points 33 minutes ago The 50¢ coin and the $1 coin are both pretty handy, but they are uncommon and don't fit in a billfold; it's a pain in the ass to have to explain to cashiers what the face value of the coin you just handed them is. permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 1 points 4 hours ago Awesome! I LOVE CBDCs! Let's stop with the pretense once and for all and just admit money isn't real and the whole system exists solely to fuck us! permalink award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 5 hours ago Stickied for the second time this morning. New Mods, watch what you are doing, thanks. permalink award report block reply
OffendingSomeone 1 points 4 hours ago This is so stupid and shortsighted. It might cost ~4 times the cost to produce a penny (~3.69 cents), but a nickel costs ~13.78 cents to produce. Four pennies cost ~14.76, so a nickel is technically cheaper. Now, stores are going to start rounding up or down, likely increasing the need for more nickels. Watch them come for nickels next, since a dime only costs ~5.8 cents to produce. permalink award report block reply
CommonSenseAmerican 1 points 4 hours ago Copper pennies just became more collectable. permalink award report block reply
CharlieMike 1 points 3 hours ago So save your pennies now and use them for under the table transactions that aren’t tracked.  Start (or continue) parallel economy. permalink award report block reply
Roadcruiser2 -2 points 5 hours ago Nickels, and dimes need to be ditched next. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 5 hours ago Yeah, lets kill more of our currency and take a mark on our right hand or forehead. Let's seperate ourselves from eternal life with God, for a temporary "better" life here and an eternal death and seperation from God. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 31 minutes ago Inflation has made them worthless. Nobody's spent a dime in decades, and nobody's spent a nickel in over half a century. Pulling these coins out of circulation due to inflation is an opportunity to wake people up - the government has printed so many dollars that coins are all but worthless. When normies see coins that have been around their entire lives disappear, maybe they'll finally understand what's been happening, because the loss of purchasing power in dollars and rapidly increasing prices hasn't shook them awake yet. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 30 minutes ago Then end the IRS and Fed and make a plastic penny out of recycled plastic. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 4 points 5 hours ago Yeah, lets kill more of our currency and take a mark on our right hand or forehead. Let's seperate ourselves from eternal life with God, for a temporary "better" life here and an eternal death and seperation from God. permalink parent award report block reply joggin_noggin 1 points 31 minutes ago Inflation has made them worthless. Nobody's spent a dime in decades, and nobody's spent a nickel in over half a century. Pulling these coins out of circulation due to inflation is an opportunity to wake people up - the government has printed so many dollars that coins are all but worthless. When normies see coins that have been around their entire lives disappear, maybe they'll finally understand what's been happening, because the loss of purchasing power in dollars and rapidly increasing prices hasn't shook them awake yet. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 30 minutes ago Then end the IRS and Fed and make a plastic penny out of recycled plastic. permalink parent award report block reply
joggin_noggin 1 points 31 minutes ago Inflation has made them worthless. Nobody's spent a dime in decades, and nobody's spent a nickel in over half a century. Pulling these coins out of circulation due to inflation is an opportunity to wake people up - the government has printed so many dollars that coins are all but worthless. When normies see coins that have been around their entire lives disappear, maybe they'll finally understand what's been happening, because the loss of purchasing power in dollars and rapidly increasing prices hasn't shook them awake yet. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 30 minutes ago Then end the IRS and Fed and make a plastic penny out of recycled plastic. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 30 minutes ago Then end the IRS and Fed and make a plastic penny out of recycled plastic. permalink parent award report block reply