504 VIVEK RAMASWAMPY: He calls Americans lazy and says they deserve to be replaced by Indians. Meanwhile he built his fortune through fraud. He bought a failed drug from Big Pharma, had his mother publish fake studies claiming the drug cured alzheimers, and cashed out before he got exposed. posted 5 days ago by China4Biden 46 comments award share download report block
46 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save SneakyPete 57 points 5 days ago Indians biggest skill is scamming people. This dude isn't any different. Also he pushed the Vax. Never heard him apologize for either. Automatic DQ. permalink award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 9 points 5 days ago Perfectly curated for politics. permalink parent award report block reply onesummerdream 1 points 4 days ago …and unfortunately it’s apparent that he’s been selected as our next OH governor. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 38 points 5 days ago Honestly, I'm ok with new laws allowing us to start hunting scammers for sport. No tag limits, no trophy restrictions permalink award report block reply SupFrens 32 points 5 days ago Jeets are all scammers. If you trust one, you've been scammed. permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 21 points 5 days ago My experience too.  Deeply rooted in the Jeet culture.   Never partner with a Jeet, they will be on the constant scam. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 5 days ago And you will most likely wind up getting crap thrown at you :p permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList 27 points 5 days ago An Indian scamming people? That's unheard of. The worst part is, he's running unopposed from any other republicans, so it's either him or a commie whore. I'm not sure if there is much of a difference. They will both flood the state with foreigners. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 9 points 5 days ago For me, the worst part is, I immediately got behind his fake MAGA position. So basically he even scammed me. Goddamn it I hate these fuckers. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Its alright, Fren, there were quite a few MAGA grifters that had a lot of us fooled.  I for one was fooled by DeSanctimonious for a time... permalink parent award report block reply buckeyeminuteman 18 points 5 days ago It’s going to be him. He’s been running for over a year now. No Republican opposition and Dems don’t have much of a chance statewide in Ohio anymore. I’ve heard him talk. Says great things and gets you energized. Makes himself out to be an American success story. He wants to turn Ohio into a Midwest tech hub. I’m worried he’ll bring in a million pajeets to do it though. permalink award report block reply bleeje 2 points 5 days ago Who upvoted you? Latest polls show him and the Democrat woman running neck to neck. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 4 points 5 days ago Either way, Ohio is going to get flooded with foreigners... permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 5 days ago That's not good. There are a sizeable amount of former old guard Democrats who voted for Trump but will not vote for a jeet. Meanwhile every blue haired cunt and her sister is going to show up for that bitch Acton. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago He's better than a Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply Bouldabassed 4 points 5 days ago Not a very high bar there. A state that voted for Trump by over 10 points should be able to do better. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 15 points 5 days ago Something tell me that the Uniparty is picking very weak Republicans on purpose so they can blame it on Trump it a tale as old as time itself at this point. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 15 points 5 days ago "very weak republicans" You just described virtually all republicans. The republican party exists to play foil to the Globalists. And by "play" I literally mean that. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 3 points 5 days ago I referred to them as the Uniparty™. Same team with slightly different goals. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 12 points 5 days ago Sir! Everybody knows that it's common practice for a global, mega-cap pharmaceutical company to sell you a drug candidate,  which already failed four trials in Alzheimer's ,for $5 million so that you can go on to Jim Cramer's MAD MONEY and pump and dump your "promising biotech" stock. This happens all of the time for grass-roots MAGA patriots that go to Yale Law School, Harvard undergrad, run the Young Democrats chapter at Harvard, receive fellowship grants from George Soros brother, oh and successfully sue the World Economic Forum for declaring you a 'Young Global Leader'. He is just an everyday MAGA patriot like us! permalink award report block reply jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago Buddy you are eating my brain with this text wall my friend permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago if you cannot understand my comment, that's on you. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago Trump & Elon are both MAGA & billionaires.  There are many others as well. Wealth should not be hated, it should be a goal. Vivek's Roivant Sciences has bought & grown several medical companies. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio.  Alzheimer's drugs are generally a very risky investment. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago retarded take. nobody is hating on the notion of being wealthy. we are hating on the fact that he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme and has the resume of a certified plant.  he is a snake and an interloper for the globalists. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme OK, so you know nothing about this at all, but you believe the clickbait BS. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago ackshually, I do. that's exactly why I'm talking about it you retard using LLM's as a source. you're carrying water for him and trying to cover his tracks, so get bent. he made nearly all of his wealth off of the P&D around the bogus Alzheimer candidate. it wasn't "in his portfolio" as some sort of investment holding in a hedge fund, he was the fucking CEO and founder of that piece of shit P&D vessel. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... ahamrbond 5 points 5 days ago I just spent a few minutes with Chat gpt getting to the bottom of this story. It's true and it earned Ramaswamy $37 million out of his 1.5billion fortune. So it is a drop in the bucket next to his other endeavors, financially. So I still don't trust him 100%, but I trust him more than I did before I looked into it. permalink award report block reply jiujiujiu 5 points 5 days ago I don’t trust this guy AT ALL. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 4 points 5 days ago They don't have morals they don't understand them they think it's lazy to not scam old people out of easy money. There's no such thing as a hyphenated American permalink award report block reply OrangeElvis 4 points 5 days ago Connect to Theil and guess who his college classmate and friend was?  Doesn't "prove" anything, but there are no coincidences...  Sundance has connected the dots. The Conservative Treehouse permalink award report block reply mightiest_m 1 points 5 days ago Damn I’d almost forgotten about “rising star” Vivek almost entirely as he torpedoed his future so quickly. permalink award report block reply vongregormench 1 points 5 days ago Ok. I know he’s running for governor. Is this something that comes out after the primaries are over or is he still challenging a field of other republicans? permalink award report block reply jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago ...you know, I could sit here with my notepad and have ChatGPT summarize Vivek Ramaswamy's political treatises for me. But I don't even need to do that. It's simple: you're Indian. permalink award report block reply silentminority 1 points 5 days ago I'm not really in disagreement with the post or the comments, but what this post is really great for showing is the utter chaos that comes from either citizens who can't focus or active compromise on our website. Vivek is not relevant to practical matters that could be happening right now. The pattern showed is not requiring a response or valuable action. The seeds are being sown for discord and division based on race (as comments show) -- which filters down our reach to Indian republicans (assuming they exist, but it's basic to look before you shoot). This does not help anything. This suckers gullible citizens who want to look for what's important and end up seeing this instead of something valuable because it has hundreds of fake or misled upvotes worse than a Reddit thread. This post shows that you guys want to lose worse than elected RINOs or that you're gullible to having your hatred stoked and funneled by race/nation/etc. instead of by values. Please stop. permalink award report block reply Thereyago 1 points 5 days ago Wow, way to go, maybe we can lose another state to democrats because you dont like Viveck even though he supported Trump permalink award report block reply MediaBro 1 points 5 days ago You'll need to pick and choose your battles. The Dems do it all the time. Either back your guy and shut up and let him do what he needs to do to put you guys in power to actually do something or bitch, moan and clickety clack on your devices, whilst Mamdani and his globalist slop take over your financial hubs. Linda Sarsour and her fellow Islamists are celebrating on the streets of NYC and you dipshits are moaning a candidate who was literally the only person who was backing Trump when literally every other Republican had disowned him. Hate him but Vivek was standing for MAGA and Trump when many of the ppl on this sub were dooming and glooming. He stood for Trump when literally everyone expected Trump to be jailed and sent away. You ppl have the memory of a fkin goldfish. permalink award report block reply corntortilla 0 points 5 days ago He’s not wrong about lazy Americans. We have far too many lazy freeloaders in this country, and I’m sick of paying for them. permalink award report block reply Brownwaterboys 0 points 5 days ago Trump used him when he was useful, then kicked him to the curb after the election lol. :D permalink award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 5 days ago And he'll probably endorse him. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 5 days ago President Trump already did... permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 4 days ago Shocker. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 5 days ago Welcome to Politics 101 permalink parent award report block reply HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
SneakyPete 57 points 5 days ago Indians biggest skill is scamming people. This dude isn't any different. Also he pushed the Vax. Never heard him apologize for either. Automatic DQ. permalink award report block reply Mortal_Wombat 9 points 5 days ago Perfectly curated for politics. permalink parent award report block reply onesummerdream 1 points 4 days ago …and unfortunately it’s apparent that he’s been selected as our next OH governor. permalink parent award report block reply
Mortal_Wombat 9 points 5 days ago Perfectly curated for politics. permalink parent award report block reply
onesummerdream 1 points 4 days ago …and unfortunately it’s apparent that he’s been selected as our next OH governor. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 38 points 5 days ago Honestly, I'm ok with new laws allowing us to start hunting scammers for sport. No tag limits, no trophy restrictions permalink award report block reply
SupFrens 32 points 5 days ago Jeets are all scammers. If you trust one, you've been scammed. permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 21 points 5 days ago My experience too.  Deeply rooted in the Jeet culture.   Never partner with a Jeet, they will be on the constant scam. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 5 days ago And you will most likely wind up getting crap thrown at you :p permalink parent award report block reply
rivetjoint2 21 points 5 days ago My experience too.  Deeply rooted in the Jeet culture.   Never partner with a Jeet, they will be on the constant scam. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 5 days ago And you will most likely wind up getting crap thrown at you :p permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 27 points 5 days ago An Indian scamming people? That's unheard of. The worst part is, he's running unopposed from any other republicans, so it's either him or a commie whore. I'm not sure if there is much of a difference. They will both flood the state with foreigners. permalink award report block reply TearsAficionado 9 points 5 days ago For me, the worst part is, I immediately got behind his fake MAGA position. So basically he even scammed me. Goddamn it I hate these fuckers. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Its alright, Fren, there were quite a few MAGA grifters that had a lot of us fooled.  I for one was fooled by DeSanctimonious for a time... permalink parent award report block reply
TearsAficionado 9 points 5 days ago For me, the worst part is, I immediately got behind his fake MAGA position. So basically he even scammed me. Goddamn it I hate these fuckers. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Its alright, Fren, there were quite a few MAGA grifters that had a lot of us fooled.  I for one was fooled by DeSanctimonious for a time... permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 5 days ago Its alright, Fren, there were quite a few MAGA grifters that had a lot of us fooled.  I for one was fooled by DeSanctimonious for a time... permalink parent award report block reply
buckeyeminuteman 18 points 5 days ago It’s going to be him. He’s been running for over a year now. No Republican opposition and Dems don’t have much of a chance statewide in Ohio anymore. I’ve heard him talk. Says great things and gets you energized. Makes himself out to be an American success story. He wants to turn Ohio into a Midwest tech hub. I’m worried he’ll bring in a million pajeets to do it though. permalink award report block reply bleeje 2 points 5 days ago Who upvoted you? Latest polls show him and the Democrat woman running neck to neck. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 4 points 5 days ago Either way, Ohio is going to get flooded with foreigners... permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 5 days ago That's not good. There are a sizeable amount of former old guard Democrats who voted for Trump but will not vote for a jeet. Meanwhile every blue haired cunt and her sister is going to show up for that bitch Acton. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago He's better than a Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply Bouldabassed 4 points 5 days ago Not a very high bar there. A state that voted for Trump by over 10 points should be able to do better. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje 2 points 5 days ago Who upvoted you? Latest polls show him and the Democrat woman running neck to neck. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 4 points 5 days ago Either way, Ohio is going to get flooded with foreigners... permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 2 points 5 days ago That's not good. There are a sizeable amount of former old guard Democrats who voted for Trump but will not vote for a jeet. Meanwhile every blue haired cunt and her sister is going to show up for that bitch Acton. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 4 points 5 days ago Either way, Ohio is going to get flooded with foreigners... permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 2 points 5 days ago That's not good. There are a sizeable amount of former old guard Democrats who voted for Trump but will not vote for a jeet. Meanwhile every blue haired cunt and her sister is going to show up for that bitch Acton. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 0 points 5 days ago He's better than a Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply Bouldabassed 4 points 5 days ago Not a very high bar there. A state that voted for Trump by over 10 points should be able to do better. permalink parent award report block reply
Bouldabassed 4 points 5 days ago Not a very high bar there. A state that voted for Trump by over 10 points should be able to do better. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 15 points 5 days ago Something tell me that the Uniparty is picking very weak Republicans on purpose so they can blame it on Trump it a tale as old as time itself at this point. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 15 points 5 days ago "very weak republicans" You just described virtually all republicans. The republican party exists to play foil to the Globalists. And by "play" I literally mean that. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 3 points 5 days ago I referred to them as the Uniparty™. Same team with slightly different goals. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 15 points 5 days ago "very weak republicans" You just described virtually all republicans. The republican party exists to play foil to the Globalists. And by "play" I literally mean that. permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 3 points 5 days ago I referred to them as the Uniparty™. Same team with slightly different goals. permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 3 points 5 days ago I referred to them as the Uniparty™. Same team with slightly different goals. permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 12 points 5 days ago Sir! Everybody knows that it's common practice for a global, mega-cap pharmaceutical company to sell you a drug candidate,  which already failed four trials in Alzheimer's ,for $5 million so that you can go on to Jim Cramer's MAD MONEY and pump and dump your "promising biotech" stock. This happens all of the time for grass-roots MAGA patriots that go to Yale Law School, Harvard undergrad, run the Young Democrats chapter at Harvard, receive fellowship grants from George Soros brother, oh and successfully sue the World Economic Forum for declaring you a 'Young Global Leader'. He is just an everyday MAGA patriot like us! permalink award report block reply jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago Buddy you are eating my brain with this text wall my friend permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago if you cannot understand my comment, that's on you. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago Trump & Elon are both MAGA & billionaires.  There are many others as well. Wealth should not be hated, it should be a goal. Vivek's Roivant Sciences has bought & grown several medical companies. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio.  Alzheimer's drugs are generally a very risky investment. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago retarded take. nobody is hating on the notion of being wealthy. we are hating on the fact that he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme and has the resume of a certified plant.  he is a snake and an interloper for the globalists. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme OK, so you know nothing about this at all, but you believe the clickbait BS. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago ackshually, I do. that's exactly why I'm talking about it you retard using LLM's as a source. you're carrying water for him and trying to cover his tracks, so get bent. he made nearly all of his wealth off of the P&D around the bogus Alzheimer candidate. it wasn't "in his portfolio" as some sort of investment holding in a hedge fund, he was the fucking CEO and founder of that piece of shit P&D vessel. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago Buddy you are eating my brain with this text wall my friend permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago if you cannot understand my comment, that's on you. permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago if you cannot understand my comment, that's on you. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago Trump & Elon are both MAGA & billionaires.  There are many others as well. Wealth should not be hated, it should be a goal. Vivek's Roivant Sciences has bought & grown several medical companies. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio.  Alzheimer's drugs are generally a very risky investment. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago retarded take. nobody is hating on the notion of being wealthy. we are hating on the fact that he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme and has the resume of a certified plant.  he is a snake and an interloper for the globalists. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme OK, so you know nothing about this at all, but you believe the clickbait BS. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago ackshually, I do. that's exactly why I'm talking about it you retard using LLM's as a source. you're carrying water for him and trying to cover his tracks, so get bent. he made nearly all of his wealth off of the P&D around the bogus Alzheimer candidate. it wasn't "in his portfolio" as some sort of investment holding in a hedge fund, he was the fucking CEO and founder of that piece of shit P&D vessel. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago retarded take. nobody is hating on the notion of being wealthy. we are hating on the fact that he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme and has the resume of a certified plant.  he is a snake and an interloper for the globalists. permalink parent award report block reply Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme OK, so you know nothing about this at all, but you believe the clickbait BS. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago ackshually, I do. that's exactly why I'm talking about it you retard using LLM's as a source. you're carrying water for him and trying to cover his tracks, so get bent. he made nearly all of his wealth off of the P&D around the bogus Alzheimer candidate. it wasn't "in his portfolio" as some sort of investment holding in a hedge fund, he was the fucking CEO and founder of that piece of shit P&D vessel. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Repentnow -1 points 5 days ago he clearly accrued his wealth from a pump and dump scheme OK, so you know nothing about this at all, but you believe the clickbait BS. Axovant was the least profitable of his portfolio. permalink parent award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago ackshually, I do. that's exactly why I'm talking about it you retard using LLM's as a source. you're carrying water for him and trying to cover his tracks, so get bent. he made nearly all of his wealth off of the P&D around the bogus Alzheimer candidate. it wasn't "in his portfolio" as some sort of investment holding in a hedge fund, he was the fucking CEO and founder of that piece of shit P&D vessel. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
PROCIsAsshoe 3 points 5 days ago ackshually, I do. that's exactly why I'm talking about it you retard using LLM's as a source. you're carrying water for him and trying to cover his tracks, so get bent. he made nearly all of his wealth off of the P&D around the bogus Alzheimer candidate. it wasn't "in his portfolio" as some sort of investment holding in a hedge fund, he was the fucking CEO and founder of that piece of shit P&D vessel. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ahamrbond 5 points 5 days ago I just spent a few minutes with Chat gpt getting to the bottom of this story. It's true and it earned Ramaswamy $37 million out of his 1.5billion fortune. So it is a drop in the bucket next to his other endeavors, financially. So I still don't trust him 100%, but I trust him more than I did before I looked into it. permalink award report block reply
jiujiujiu 5 points 5 days ago I don’t trust this guy AT ALL. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 4 points 5 days ago They don't have morals they don't understand them they think it's lazy to not scam old people out of easy money. There's no such thing as a hyphenated American permalink award report block reply
OrangeElvis 4 points 5 days ago Connect to Theil and guess who his college classmate and friend was?  Doesn't "prove" anything, but there are no coincidences...  Sundance has connected the dots. The Conservative Treehouse permalink award report block reply
mightiest_m 1 points 5 days ago Damn I’d almost forgotten about “rising star” Vivek almost entirely as he torpedoed his future so quickly. permalink award report block reply
vongregormench 1 points 5 days ago Ok. I know he’s running for governor. Is this something that comes out after the primaries are over or is he still challenging a field of other republicans? permalink award report block reply
jsphere256 1 points 5 days ago ...you know, I could sit here with my notepad and have ChatGPT summarize Vivek Ramaswamy's political treatises for me. But I don't even need to do that. It's simple: you're Indian. permalink award report block reply
silentminority 1 points 5 days ago I'm not really in disagreement with the post or the comments, but what this post is really great for showing is the utter chaos that comes from either citizens who can't focus or active compromise on our website. Vivek is not relevant to practical matters that could be happening right now. The pattern showed is not requiring a response or valuable action. The seeds are being sown for discord and division based on race (as comments show) -- which filters down our reach to Indian republicans (assuming they exist, but it's basic to look before you shoot). This does not help anything. This suckers gullible citizens who want to look for what's important and end up seeing this instead of something valuable because it has hundreds of fake or misled upvotes worse than a Reddit thread. This post shows that you guys want to lose worse than elected RINOs or that you're gullible to having your hatred stoked and funneled by race/nation/etc. instead of by values. Please stop. permalink award report block reply
Thereyago 1 points 5 days ago Wow, way to go, maybe we can lose another state to democrats because you dont like Viveck even though he supported Trump permalink award report block reply
MediaBro 1 points 5 days ago You'll need to pick and choose your battles. The Dems do it all the time. Either back your guy and shut up and let him do what he needs to do to put you guys in power to actually do something or bitch, moan and clickety clack on your devices, whilst Mamdani and his globalist slop take over your financial hubs. Linda Sarsour and her fellow Islamists are celebrating on the streets of NYC and you dipshits are moaning a candidate who was literally the only person who was backing Trump when literally every other Republican had disowned him. Hate him but Vivek was standing for MAGA and Trump when many of the ppl on this sub were dooming and glooming. He stood for Trump when literally everyone expected Trump to be jailed and sent away. You ppl have the memory of a fkin goldfish. permalink award report block reply
corntortilla 0 points 5 days ago He’s not wrong about lazy Americans. We have far too many lazy freeloaders in this country, and I’m sick of paying for them. permalink award report block reply
Brownwaterboys 0 points 5 days ago Trump used him when he was useful, then kicked him to the curb after the election lol. :D permalink award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 5 days ago And he'll probably endorse him. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 5 days ago President Trump already did... permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 4 days ago Shocker. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 5 days ago Welcome to Politics 101 permalink parent award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 1 points 5 days ago And he'll probably endorse him. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 5 days ago President Trump already did... permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 4 days ago Shocker. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 2 points 5 days ago President Trump already did... permalink parent award report block reply ragnarokrobo 1 points 4 days ago Shocker. permalink parent award report block reply
ragnarokrobo 1 points 4 days ago Shocker. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 0 points 5 days ago Welcome to Politics 101 permalink parent award report block reply
HoodooOperator 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 5 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply