1260 Keep up the good work, boys. posted 2 days ago by TinfoilHardhat 49 comments award share download report block
49 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save lovemylibs 23 points 2 days ago Bump it up so no more bumps can go up permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 11 points 2 days ago The Kekistani Militia hears the call. Let's get going Frens. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago "17" permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 15 points 2 days ago What I'm curious about is: how many are we missing? We can't possibly know. Monitoring our coastline is just fucking insane, 17 THOUSAND miles! Blessed be on our Protectors. Deus Vult. Strike them from the Sky. permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 10 points 2 days ago Using AI via many permanent satellite streams  yields amazing results far better and more accurate than any number of live eyeballs ever could. permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 10 points 2 days ago Finally a good use for technology instead of being used for stalking citizens, giving them tickets for going a mile over the limit, and maintaining their social credit scores. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 0 points 2 days ago The way you two cheerlead tech that will hunt you down some day for a wrongthink violation is crazy. You all would've cheered on the Patriot Act no doubt about it... permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 4 points 2 days ago I didn't actually permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 8 points 2 days ago Talked to an ultra liberal Thursday and the guy was convinced Trump was striking fishermen. “I guess you agree with him striking fishermen ?!!” I said “once they had a submarine full of drugs’ a submarine is not fishermen” “But the others are !!! Argggggh!” permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 7 points 2 days ago He's worried about a couple of fishermen but not tens of thousands of people OD'ing. If the left has a different solution to the drug pandemic I'm all ears. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 5 points 2 days ago The left's solution: let everyone into the US, give them all the money they ask for, and fuck anyone who complains about them still dealing drugs. permalink parent award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago They can't think by themselves permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 7 points 2 days ago I consider this a misguided approach and instead encourage: 1 improving economy (so people don't turn to drugs to cope with economic stresses) 2 improving the culture (so abusing drugs isn't part of the "lifestyle" of people) 3 legalizing drugs (so there isn't an incentive to sell drugs illegally) (add more in comments if you have alternative ideas to this aggressive policy on the drug issue) permalink award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago I disagree with the last one. You're just replacing one evil(drug cartels) for another(corrupt government regulation) while keeping drugs on the table. Marijuana isn't even legal in my state, but you can't go in to a Pajeet run gas station these days without having the bong shelf being front and center, and it's insane how the vast majority of them are owned and run by Pajeets even in rural areas. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 3 points 1 day ago #3 is also to prevent accidental overdoses from street drugs being impure or doses inconsistent and is ideally mitigated by #1 and #2 (such that whether drugs are legal or not, people will not want to abuse them as much if they have less economic stress and there isn't a culture encouraging them to abuse drugs) permalink parent award report block reply Sodak 2 points 1 day ago This is insane drug dealers should not get the death penalty. I agree with most your points, the focus should be on the users. drugs are a victimless crime you can't victim yourself, if your stealing or neglecting your kids to support your habit the govt should step in and throw the hammer down otherwise who gives a shit. permalink parent award report block reply Doulos0621 1 points 1 day ago The economy can be in a great place and people will still turn to drugs. While poverty can lead to drug use it is not the only factor to why people use drugs. You can't force improvement of the culture, they would have to want it. Where things are currently at people don't want the responsibility freedom entails and instead wish to be in bondage to whatever vices they can get their hands. The biggest way to change the culture is get our country back on track with God, but again you can't force people to be moral. You can use enforcement of the laws against said immorality, but dor the most part people want the way things are going. Legalization of drugs will not solve anything. You don't solve the issue of drug use by making the problem more accessible and legal. Look at the data they now have after legalized Marijuana and nothing good has come out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 1 points 1 day ago addiction is a genetic dispostion permalink parent award report block reply DailyWhitePills 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 6 points 2 days ago Should have a TV show for this. I would watch for sure. Definitely should get some video drones and stuff. permalink award report block reply Theannihilatrixx 5 points 2 days ago 10pm on the Gorilla Channel permalink parent award report block reply Strzok 1 points 1 day ago lol permalink parent award report block reply bubadmt 1 points 2 days ago Jersey Shore 4.7 permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 6 points 2 days ago Here's a better idea: destroy them on land before they are launched at sea. permalink award report block reply orange_popcicle 3 points 1 day ago The sea is international waters whereas the land is part of a sovereign nation. Us firing on a nation (even one that is fraudulently governed) would be considered an act of war. Us targeting ships without country of origin flags is not. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 1 day ago Not if you disregard the fraudulent 'sovereignty' of that country. permalink parent award report block reply TEXinLA 6 points 2 days ago FAFO permalink award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 4 points 1 day ago How about we start deporting 1 million illegals a month rather than wasting energy taking out the CIA's competitors? Nah best we can do is renewing Obamacare and redistributing wealth through $2000 stimmy checks to the ghetto. permalink award report block reply kyle6969 2 points 1 day ago Exactly. They’re saying “Trump won and democrats lose” but nothing changed. It’ll make certain people mad and certain people happy. And honestly some people that should be mad are happy and some people that should be happy are mad. Nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 2 days ago It's a good start. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 3 points 2 days ago This is stupid. Is this what maga has become? Blowing up some speedboats off the coast of another continent? Another regime change? Lame. permalink award report block reply ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 days ago The left says these are just humble fisherman. Yet I haven’t seen a single story about a civilian death… permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 2 days ago KEK!!! permalink award report block reply CommieCrats 2 points 2 days ago Training exercise for the great lakes permalink award report block reply BrionK 2 points 1 day ago Just mine the gulf and be done with it. permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 2 points 2 days ago Is there any noticable impact yet?
Do we know that? permalink award report block reply Strzok 2 points 1 day ago So far, 19 noticeable impacts. But kidding aside, not sure. Drugs are probably more expensive in certain regions where the cargo would have ended up. These strikes are more of a public deterrent. I'm sure 100 or maybe even 1000 boats still get through for every 1 sunk. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 1 points 2 days ago You bigots still haven't read To Kill A Mockingbird?! Wtf permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 2 days ago At what point do we conservatives realize that the drug war is a progressive idea and like other progressive ideas its main effects are to destroy freedoms and make the problem worse? permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 2 points 2 days ago Are you crazy in the head? permalink parent award report block reply Nanteen 1 points 1 day ago I'll still surprised that the cartel hasn't put like 10- 5 year olds on a drug boat yet just to cause havoc in our troops permalink award report block reply Duster_340 1 points 1 day ago Number of people being arrested for free speech keep rising though. permalink award report block reply first_amendment -5 points 2 days ago We shouldn't be doing this.  We don't have jurisdiction over them, there is no due process, this is beneath the dignity of a nation, and outright murder permalink award report block reply WarViper1337 4 points 2 days ago They are directly responsible for tens of thousands of OD deaths per year. They create mass corruption and inhumane working conditions in their home countries. The US constitution does not provide due process for non citizens anyway. All they have to do is stop smuggling drugs and they will no longer be target practice. permalink parent award report block reply first_amendment 1 points 2 days ago Are they responsible for the hundreds of thousands who OD, or do the addicts do it to themselves?  What's killing them these days aren't mostly what's coming from Venezuela directly, but the mixtures that local drug pushers add to them, like fentanyl. The argument that it is beneath the dignity of a nation is a lot stronger than our constitution that reflected the natural law, which is rooted in the teachings of Christ.  Nations were judged by other nations on this, and some former countries conceded they were better off under the rule of the Ottoman Turks than the papal tiara.  This factor could decide alliances, in consenting to a new sovereign, or be used as a basis to join in the prosecution of a existing war between two other states. Outside of a declared war, which properly involved a third neutral party to negotiate a peace to avert a war and to be served a declaration of war, kingdoms were responsible for enforcing the laws in their own lands and waters.  During the prosecution of a war, a party could sue for peace to end the war.  In a just war, it was also acceptable to take slaves of people of a different faith. Additionally, no party wanted to be seen as the aggressor; no one wanted to fire the first shots.  And it wouldn't sit well with other nations if they did, as it would destabilize whatever limited peace there was back in those old times.   What is going on in sinking these boats doesn't follow the model of a just war; it murder.  The US doesn't have persona jurisdiction over non citizens.  The cocaine's immediate destination was not the USA-and their final destination could be anywhere in the world undermining a claim of jurisdiction based upon the effects.  To have proper jurisdiction, the US should be able to stop them in our Land or waters during stop, search, and siezures, crossing over or under our terrestial borders including at our air ports.  I think the argument Rubio, the Catholic, offered against this that due process isn't effective enough, a concept repugnant to western civilization.  Historically, we would still give pirates a trial. There have been other countries, cough Catholic Spain, that took an attitude towards the south Americans that if they accepted Christ they would be spared of slavery and the massacres.  The Catholics might have believed that fighting pagans constituted a just war, but I would have to double check.  So the native Indians were told to accept Christ in a language they couldn't understand-and accounts claim up to 50 million were slain because how could they know that they needed to convert to Christ.  The spanish were detested in the protestant world for this, and possible even Japan too who purged christianity and cut off trade for centuries or limited it to a port in dajima.  Part of due process is having fair notice to know what to do and what not to do as well as a proportional punishment.  It is a value held through the Protestant and ancient wold, but not the Catholics who wee regarded as antichrists for failing to live up to Christ's teachings of "do not even the pagans do that". It is important for a leader to set the example of how a christian should act in a western country, it is also important for a leader to set a moral example for other nations to follow. While there are many violations of this idea in history, they didn't sit well and resulted in distrust by other nations.   What Trump is doing is pure murder, and it will justify other nations doing the same-even against our ships and our citizens.  It will likely lead to the killing of innocent civilians, likely cause a type of USS liberty incident with a foreign nation (which is likely what this is all about), it will likely turn the drug cartels to come to America as assassins, could lead to wars.
I suppose you could argue the interest of saving lives by not sinking the drug ships is moot because of how many people are dying of drugs.  Drug users are either addicted or self medicating, and when they are locked up they will learn who all the dealers are in their area.  They will continue to find a market whether brewed in a lab, someone reselling their prescription drugs, through smuggling.  Maybe rising prices might curve their usage, or maybe they will turn to theft to sustain their addiction. But I propose an alternative.  Instead of blowing up the ships and killing everyone aboard, it appears we have the technology to accurately strike them.  It should therefore be possible to use less than lethal rounds or at least less potent munitions to disable the boats, to collect evidence, and to prosecute. But this is about extrajudicial executions, this is about murdering people in cold blood, to send a message to the cartels...Cartels who probably don't care if some hapless locally courier gets blown to bits, and who knows the remedy is to just to increase the price.  But as I said, Trump surrounds himself with very evil people; from the secretary of state, to the secretary of war, to his chief of staff, to his financier Miriam Adelson, and many others.  These 4 people do not share  nor advance western values; while they may claim to be Christians or Jews, they are not.  They worship their father who is Satan, and heir objective is to destabilize what is left of the original international law that enshrined both Christianity and western values.  They plan to turn order into chaos. permalink parent award report block reply WarViper1337 0 points 20 hours ago Hey look a bot account. Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 3 points 2 days ago Found the liberal white woman ☝🏻 permalink parent award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago It's the only way to stop that insanity, go hard over drugs by any mean necessary.
Even marijuana, that shit is what makes you a liberal. permalink parent award report block reply first_amendment 1 points 1 day ago "What are conservatives conserving?" is a frequently asked question by conservatives or those disenfranchised by the right's drift to the left. Ideological subversion, we seemingly forgotten what made us conservatives and replaced it for what is politically convenient or expedient. The answer/solution is to rediscover Christ and his teachings. permalink parent award report block reply
lovemylibs 23 points 2 days ago Bump it up so no more bumps can go up permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 11 points 2 days ago The Kekistani Militia hears the call. Let's get going Frens. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago "17" permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 11 points 2 days ago The Kekistani Militia hears the call. Let's get going Frens. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago "17" permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 15 points 2 days ago What I'm curious about is: how many are we missing? We can't possibly know. Monitoring our coastline is just fucking insane, 17 THOUSAND miles! Blessed be on our Protectors. Deus Vult. Strike them from the Sky. permalink award report block reply BidenShowerDrool 10 points 2 days ago Using AI via many permanent satellite streams  yields amazing results far better and more accurate than any number of live eyeballs ever could. permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 10 points 2 days ago Finally a good use for technology instead of being used for stalking citizens, giving them tickets for going a mile over the limit, and maintaining their social credit scores. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 0 points 2 days ago The way you two cheerlead tech that will hunt you down some day for a wrongthink violation is crazy. You all would've cheered on the Patriot Act no doubt about it... permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 4 points 2 days ago I didn't actually permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 8 points 2 days ago Talked to an ultra liberal Thursday and the guy was convinced Trump was striking fishermen. “I guess you agree with him striking fishermen ?!!” I said “once they had a submarine full of drugs’ a submarine is not fishermen” “But the others are !!! Argggggh!” permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 7 points 2 days ago He's worried about a couple of fishermen but not tens of thousands of people OD'ing. If the left has a different solution to the drug pandemic I'm all ears. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 5 points 2 days ago The left's solution: let everyone into the US, give them all the money they ask for, and fuck anyone who complains about them still dealing drugs. permalink parent award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago They can't think by themselves permalink parent award report block reply
BidenShowerDrool 10 points 2 days ago Using AI via many permanent satellite streams  yields amazing results far better and more accurate than any number of live eyeballs ever could. permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 10 points 2 days ago Finally a good use for technology instead of being used for stalking citizens, giving them tickets for going a mile over the limit, and maintaining their social credit scores. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 0 points 2 days ago The way you two cheerlead tech that will hunt you down some day for a wrongthink violation is crazy. You all would've cheered on the Patriot Act no doubt about it... permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 4 points 2 days ago I didn't actually permalink parent award report block reply
bigdickhangsright 10 points 2 days ago Finally a good use for technology instead of being used for stalking citizens, giving them tickets for going a mile over the limit, and maintaining their social credit scores. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 0 points 2 days ago The way you two cheerlead tech that will hunt you down some day for a wrongthink violation is crazy. You all would've cheered on the Patriot Act no doubt about it... permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 4 points 2 days ago I didn't actually permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 0 points 2 days ago The way you two cheerlead tech that will hunt you down some day for a wrongthink violation is crazy. You all would've cheered on the Patriot Act no doubt about it... permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 4 points 2 days ago I didn't actually permalink parent award report block reply
bigdickhangsright 4 points 2 days ago I didn't actually permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 8 points 2 days ago Talked to an ultra liberal Thursday and the guy was convinced Trump was striking fishermen. “I guess you agree with him striking fishermen ?!!” I said “once they had a submarine full of drugs’ a submarine is not fishermen” “But the others are !!! Argggggh!” permalink parent award report block reply bigdickhangsright 7 points 2 days ago He's worried about a couple of fishermen but not tens of thousands of people OD'ing. If the left has a different solution to the drug pandemic I'm all ears. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 5 points 2 days ago The left's solution: let everyone into the US, give them all the money they ask for, and fuck anyone who complains about them still dealing drugs. permalink parent award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago They can't think by themselves permalink parent award report block reply
bigdickhangsright 7 points 2 days ago He's worried about a couple of fishermen but not tens of thousands of people OD'ing. If the left has a different solution to the drug pandemic I'm all ears. permalink parent award report block reply ModernKnight 5 points 2 days ago The left's solution: let everyone into the US, give them all the money they ask for, and fuck anyone who complains about them still dealing drugs. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 5 points 2 days ago The left's solution: let everyone into the US, give them all the money they ask for, and fuck anyone who complains about them still dealing drugs. permalink parent award report block reply
RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago They can't think by themselves permalink parent award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 7 points 2 days ago I consider this a misguided approach and instead encourage: 1 improving economy (so people don't turn to drugs to cope with economic stresses) 2 improving the culture (so abusing drugs isn't part of the "lifestyle" of people) 3 legalizing drugs (so there isn't an incentive to sell drugs illegally) (add more in comments if you have alternative ideas to this aggressive policy on the drug issue) permalink award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago I disagree with the last one. You're just replacing one evil(drug cartels) for another(corrupt government regulation) while keeping drugs on the table. Marijuana isn't even legal in my state, but you can't go in to a Pajeet run gas station these days without having the bong shelf being front and center, and it's insane how the vast majority of them are owned and run by Pajeets even in rural areas. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 3 points 1 day ago #3 is also to prevent accidental overdoses from street drugs being impure or doses inconsistent and is ideally mitigated by #1 and #2 (such that whether drugs are legal or not, people will not want to abuse them as much if they have less economic stress and there isn't a culture encouraging them to abuse drugs) permalink parent award report block reply Sodak 2 points 1 day ago This is insane drug dealers should not get the death penalty. I agree with most your points, the focus should be on the users. drugs are a victimless crime you can't victim yourself, if your stealing or neglecting your kids to support your habit the govt should step in and throw the hammer down otherwise who gives a shit. permalink parent award report block reply Doulos0621 1 points 1 day ago The economy can be in a great place and people will still turn to drugs. While poverty can lead to drug use it is not the only factor to why people use drugs. You can't force improvement of the culture, they would have to want it. Where things are currently at people don't want the responsibility freedom entails and instead wish to be in bondage to whatever vices they can get their hands. The biggest way to change the culture is get our country back on track with God, but again you can't force people to be moral. You can use enforcement of the laws against said immorality, but dor the most part people want the way things are going. Legalization of drugs will not solve anything. You don't solve the issue of drug use by making the problem more accessible and legal. Look at the data they now have after legalized Marijuana and nothing good has come out of it. permalink parent award report block reply Freedom2020 1 points 1 day ago addiction is a genetic dispostion permalink parent award report block reply DailyWhitePills 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago I disagree with the last one. You're just replacing one evil(drug cartels) for another(corrupt government regulation) while keeping drugs on the table. Marijuana isn't even legal in my state, but you can't go in to a Pajeet run gas station these days without having the bong shelf being front and center, and it's insane how the vast majority of them are owned and run by Pajeets even in rural areas. permalink parent award report block reply bluewhiteandred 3 points 1 day ago #3 is also to prevent accidental overdoses from street drugs being impure or doses inconsistent and is ideally mitigated by #1 and #2 (such that whether drugs are legal or not, people will not want to abuse them as much if they have less economic stress and there isn't a culture encouraging them to abuse drugs) permalink parent award report block reply
bluewhiteandred 3 points 1 day ago #3 is also to prevent accidental overdoses from street drugs being impure or doses inconsistent and is ideally mitigated by #1 and #2 (such that whether drugs are legal or not, people will not want to abuse them as much if they have less economic stress and there isn't a culture encouraging them to abuse drugs) permalink parent award report block reply
Sodak 2 points 1 day ago This is insane drug dealers should not get the death penalty. I agree with most your points, the focus should be on the users. drugs are a victimless crime you can't victim yourself, if your stealing or neglecting your kids to support your habit the govt should step in and throw the hammer down otherwise who gives a shit. permalink parent award report block reply
Doulos0621 1 points 1 day ago The economy can be in a great place and people will still turn to drugs. While poverty can lead to drug use it is not the only factor to why people use drugs. You can't force improvement of the culture, they would have to want it. Where things are currently at people don't want the responsibility freedom entails and instead wish to be in bondage to whatever vices they can get their hands. The biggest way to change the culture is get our country back on track with God, but again you can't force people to be moral. You can use enforcement of the laws against said immorality, but dor the most part people want the way things are going. Legalization of drugs will not solve anything. You don't solve the issue of drug use by making the problem more accessible and legal. Look at the data they now have after legalized Marijuana and nothing good has come out of it. permalink parent award report block reply
Freedom2020 1 points 1 day ago addiction is a genetic dispostion permalink parent award report block reply
DailyWhitePills 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 6 points 2 days ago Should have a TV show for this. I would watch for sure. Definitely should get some video drones and stuff. permalink award report block reply Theannihilatrixx 5 points 2 days ago 10pm on the Gorilla Channel permalink parent award report block reply Strzok 1 points 1 day ago lol permalink parent award report block reply bubadmt 1 points 2 days ago Jersey Shore 4.7 permalink parent award report block reply
Theannihilatrixx 5 points 2 days ago 10pm on the Gorilla Channel permalink parent award report block reply Strzok 1 points 1 day ago lol permalink parent award report block reply
Strzok 1 points 1 day ago lol permalink parent award report block reply
bubadmt 1 points 2 days ago Jersey Shore 4.7 permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 6 points 2 days ago Here's a better idea: destroy them on land before they are launched at sea. permalink award report block reply orange_popcicle 3 points 1 day ago The sea is international waters whereas the land is part of a sovereign nation. Us firing on a nation (even one that is fraudulently governed) would be considered an act of war. Us targeting ships without country of origin flags is not. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 1 day ago Not if you disregard the fraudulent 'sovereignty' of that country. permalink parent award report block reply
orange_popcicle 3 points 1 day ago The sea is international waters whereas the land is part of a sovereign nation. Us firing on a nation (even one that is fraudulently governed) would be considered an act of war. Us targeting ships without country of origin flags is not. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 1 day ago Not if you disregard the fraudulent 'sovereignty' of that country. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 1 day ago Not if you disregard the fraudulent 'sovereignty' of that country. permalink parent award report block reply
TEXinLA 6 points 2 days ago FAFO permalink award report block reply
BillyBobBrewer 4 points 1 day ago How about we start deporting 1 million illegals a month rather than wasting energy taking out the CIA's competitors? Nah best we can do is renewing Obamacare and redistributing wealth through $2000 stimmy checks to the ghetto. permalink award report block reply kyle6969 2 points 1 day ago Exactly. They’re saying “Trump won and democrats lose” but nothing changed. It’ll make certain people mad and certain people happy. And honestly some people that should be mad are happy and some people that should be happy are mad. Nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply
kyle6969 2 points 1 day ago Exactly. They’re saying “Trump won and democrats lose” but nothing changed. It’ll make certain people mad and certain people happy. And honestly some people that should be mad are happy and some people that should be happy are mad. Nothing happened. permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 3 points 2 days ago It's a good start. permalink award report block reply
SqRt7744 3 points 2 days ago This is stupid. Is this what maga has become? Blowing up some speedboats off the coast of another continent? Another regime change? Lame. permalink award report block reply
ThisTrainHasNoBrakes 3 points 2 days ago The left says these are just humble fisherman. Yet I haven’t seen a single story about a civilian death… permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 2 days ago KEK!!! permalink award report block reply
CommieCrats 2 points 2 days ago Training exercise for the great lakes permalink award report block reply
BrionK 2 points 1 day ago Just mine the gulf and be done with it. permalink award report block reply
RoughBoy 2 points 2 days ago Is there any noticable impact yet?
Do we know that? permalink award report block reply Strzok 2 points 1 day ago So far, 19 noticeable impacts. But kidding aside, not sure. Drugs are probably more expensive in certain regions where the cargo would have ended up. These strikes are more of a public deterrent. I'm sure 100 or maybe even 1000 boats still get through for every 1 sunk. permalink parent award report block reply
Strzok 2 points 1 day ago So far, 19 noticeable impacts. But kidding aside, not sure. Drugs are probably more expensive in certain regions where the cargo would have ended up. These strikes are more of a public deterrent. I'm sure 100 or maybe even 1000 boats still get through for every 1 sunk. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 1 points 2 days ago You bigots still haven't read To Kill A Mockingbird?! Wtf permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 2 days ago At what point do we conservatives realize that the drug war is a progressive idea and like other progressive ideas its main effects are to destroy freedoms and make the problem worse? permalink award report block reply RoughBoy 2 points 2 days ago Are you crazy in the head? permalink parent award report block reply
RoughBoy 2 points 2 days ago Are you crazy in the head? permalink parent award report block reply
Nanteen 1 points 1 day ago I'll still surprised that the cartel hasn't put like 10- 5 year olds on a drug boat yet just to cause havoc in our troops permalink award report block reply
Duster_340 1 points 1 day ago Number of people being arrested for free speech keep rising though. permalink award report block reply
first_amendment -5 points 2 days ago We shouldn't be doing this.  We don't have jurisdiction over them, there is no due process, this is beneath the dignity of a nation, and outright murder permalink award report block reply WarViper1337 4 points 2 days ago They are directly responsible for tens of thousands of OD deaths per year. They create mass corruption and inhumane working conditions in their home countries. The US constitution does not provide due process for non citizens anyway. All they have to do is stop smuggling drugs and they will no longer be target practice. permalink parent award report block reply first_amendment 1 points 2 days ago Are they responsible for the hundreds of thousands who OD, or do the addicts do it to themselves?  What's killing them these days aren't mostly what's coming from Venezuela directly, but the mixtures that local drug pushers add to them, like fentanyl. The argument that it is beneath the dignity of a nation is a lot stronger than our constitution that reflected the natural law, which is rooted in the teachings of Christ.  Nations were judged by other nations on this, and some former countries conceded they were better off under the rule of the Ottoman Turks than the papal tiara.  This factor could decide alliances, in consenting to a new sovereign, or be used as a basis to join in the prosecution of a existing war between two other states. Outside of a declared war, which properly involved a third neutral party to negotiate a peace to avert a war and to be served a declaration of war, kingdoms were responsible for enforcing the laws in their own lands and waters.  During the prosecution of a war, a party could sue for peace to end the war.  In a just war, it was also acceptable to take slaves of people of a different faith. Additionally, no party wanted to be seen as the aggressor; no one wanted to fire the first shots.  And it wouldn't sit well with other nations if they did, as it would destabilize whatever limited peace there was back in those old times.   What is going on in sinking these boats doesn't follow the model of a just war; it murder.  The US doesn't have persona jurisdiction over non citizens.  The cocaine's immediate destination was not the USA-and their final destination could be anywhere in the world undermining a claim of jurisdiction based upon the effects.  To have proper jurisdiction, the US should be able to stop them in our Land or waters during stop, search, and siezures, crossing over or under our terrestial borders including at our air ports.  I think the argument Rubio, the Catholic, offered against this that due process isn't effective enough, a concept repugnant to western civilization.  Historically, we would still give pirates a trial. There have been other countries, cough Catholic Spain, that took an attitude towards the south Americans that if they accepted Christ they would be spared of slavery and the massacres.  The Catholics might have believed that fighting pagans constituted a just war, but I would have to double check.  So the native Indians were told to accept Christ in a language they couldn't understand-and accounts claim up to 50 million were slain because how could they know that they needed to convert to Christ.  The spanish were detested in the protestant world for this, and possible even Japan too who purged christianity and cut off trade for centuries or limited it to a port in dajima.  Part of due process is having fair notice to know what to do and what not to do as well as a proportional punishment.  It is a value held through the Protestant and ancient wold, but not the Catholics who wee regarded as antichrists for failing to live up to Christ's teachings of "do not even the pagans do that". It is important for a leader to set the example of how a christian should act in a western country, it is also important for a leader to set a moral example for other nations to follow. While there are many violations of this idea in history, they didn't sit well and resulted in distrust by other nations.   What Trump is doing is pure murder, and it will justify other nations doing the same-even against our ships and our citizens.  It will likely lead to the killing of innocent civilians, likely cause a type of USS liberty incident with a foreign nation (which is likely what this is all about), it will likely turn the drug cartels to come to America as assassins, could lead to wars.
I suppose you could argue the interest of saving lives by not sinking the drug ships is moot because of how many people are dying of drugs.  Drug users are either addicted or self medicating, and when they are locked up they will learn who all the dealers are in their area.  They will continue to find a market whether brewed in a lab, someone reselling their prescription drugs, through smuggling.  Maybe rising prices might curve their usage, or maybe they will turn to theft to sustain their addiction. But I propose an alternative.  Instead of blowing up the ships and killing everyone aboard, it appears we have the technology to accurately strike them.  It should therefore be possible to use less than lethal rounds or at least less potent munitions to disable the boats, to collect evidence, and to prosecute. But this is about extrajudicial executions, this is about murdering people in cold blood, to send a message to the cartels...Cartels who probably don't care if some hapless locally courier gets blown to bits, and who knows the remedy is to just to increase the price.  But as I said, Trump surrounds himself with very evil people; from the secretary of state, to the secretary of war, to his chief of staff, to his financier Miriam Adelson, and many others.  These 4 people do not share  nor advance western values; while they may claim to be Christians or Jews, they are not.  They worship their father who is Satan, and heir objective is to destabilize what is left of the original international law that enshrined both Christianity and western values.  They plan to turn order into chaos. permalink parent award report block reply WarViper1337 0 points 20 hours ago Hey look a bot account. Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply B-2StealthTrump 3 points 2 days ago Found the liberal white woman ☝🏻 permalink parent award report block reply RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago It's the only way to stop that insanity, go hard over drugs by any mean necessary.
Even marijuana, that shit is what makes you a liberal. permalink parent award report block reply first_amendment 1 points 1 day ago "What are conservatives conserving?" is a frequently asked question by conservatives or those disenfranchised by the right's drift to the left. Ideological subversion, we seemingly forgotten what made us conservatives and replaced it for what is politically convenient or expedient. The answer/solution is to rediscover Christ and his teachings. permalink parent award report block reply
WarViper1337 4 points 2 days ago They are directly responsible for tens of thousands of OD deaths per year. They create mass corruption and inhumane working conditions in their home countries. The US constitution does not provide due process for non citizens anyway. All they have to do is stop smuggling drugs and they will no longer be target practice. permalink parent award report block reply first_amendment 1 points 2 days ago Are they responsible for the hundreds of thousands who OD, or do the addicts do it to themselves?  What's killing them these days aren't mostly what's coming from Venezuela directly, but the mixtures that local drug pushers add to them, like fentanyl. The argument that it is beneath the dignity of a nation is a lot stronger than our constitution that reflected the natural law, which is rooted in the teachings of Christ.  Nations were judged by other nations on this, and some former countries conceded they were better off under the rule of the Ottoman Turks than the papal tiara.  This factor could decide alliances, in consenting to a new sovereign, or be used as a basis to join in the prosecution of a existing war between two other states. Outside of a declared war, which properly involved a third neutral party to negotiate a peace to avert a war and to be served a declaration of war, kingdoms were responsible for enforcing the laws in their own lands and waters.  During the prosecution of a war, a party could sue for peace to end the war.  In a just war, it was also acceptable to take slaves of people of a different faith. Additionally, no party wanted to be seen as the aggressor; no one wanted to fire the first shots.  And it wouldn't sit well with other nations if they did, as it would destabilize whatever limited peace there was back in those old times.   What is going on in sinking these boats doesn't follow the model of a just war; it murder.  The US doesn't have persona jurisdiction over non citizens.  The cocaine's immediate destination was not the USA-and their final destination could be anywhere in the world undermining a claim of jurisdiction based upon the effects.  To have proper jurisdiction, the US should be able to stop them in our Land or waters during stop, search, and siezures, crossing over or under our terrestial borders including at our air ports.  I think the argument Rubio, the Catholic, offered against this that due process isn't effective enough, a concept repugnant to western civilization.  Historically, we would still give pirates a trial. There have been other countries, cough Catholic Spain, that took an attitude towards the south Americans that if they accepted Christ they would be spared of slavery and the massacres.  The Catholics might have believed that fighting pagans constituted a just war, but I would have to double check.  So the native Indians were told to accept Christ in a language they couldn't understand-and accounts claim up to 50 million were slain because how could they know that they needed to convert to Christ.  The spanish were detested in the protestant world for this, and possible even Japan too who purged christianity and cut off trade for centuries or limited it to a port in dajima.  Part of due process is having fair notice to know what to do and what not to do as well as a proportional punishment.  It is a value held through the Protestant and ancient wold, but not the Catholics who wee regarded as antichrists for failing to live up to Christ's teachings of "do not even the pagans do that". It is important for a leader to set the example of how a christian should act in a western country, it is also important for a leader to set a moral example for other nations to follow. While there are many violations of this idea in history, they didn't sit well and resulted in distrust by other nations.   What Trump is doing is pure murder, and it will justify other nations doing the same-even against our ships and our citizens.  It will likely lead to the killing of innocent civilians, likely cause a type of USS liberty incident with a foreign nation (which is likely what this is all about), it will likely turn the drug cartels to come to America as assassins, could lead to wars.
I suppose you could argue the interest of saving lives by not sinking the drug ships is moot because of how many people are dying of drugs.  Drug users are either addicted or self medicating, and when they are locked up they will learn who all the dealers are in their area.  They will continue to find a market whether brewed in a lab, someone reselling their prescription drugs, through smuggling.  Maybe rising prices might curve their usage, or maybe they will turn to theft to sustain their addiction. But I propose an alternative.  Instead of blowing up the ships and killing everyone aboard, it appears we have the technology to accurately strike them.  It should therefore be possible to use less than lethal rounds or at least less potent munitions to disable the boats, to collect evidence, and to prosecute. But this is about extrajudicial executions, this is about murdering people in cold blood, to send a message to the cartels...Cartels who probably don't care if some hapless locally courier gets blown to bits, and who knows the remedy is to just to increase the price.  But as I said, Trump surrounds himself with very evil people; from the secretary of state, to the secretary of war, to his chief of staff, to his financier Miriam Adelson, and many others.  These 4 people do not share  nor advance western values; while they may claim to be Christians or Jews, they are not.  They worship their father who is Satan, and heir objective is to destabilize what is left of the original international law that enshrined both Christianity and western values.  They plan to turn order into chaos. permalink parent award report block reply WarViper1337 0 points 20 hours ago Hey look a bot account. Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
first_amendment 1 points 2 days ago Are they responsible for the hundreds of thousands who OD, or do the addicts do it to themselves?  What's killing them these days aren't mostly what's coming from Venezuela directly, but the mixtures that local drug pushers add to them, like fentanyl. The argument that it is beneath the dignity of a nation is a lot stronger than our constitution that reflected the natural law, which is rooted in the teachings of Christ.  Nations were judged by other nations on this, and some former countries conceded they were better off under the rule of the Ottoman Turks than the papal tiara.  This factor could decide alliances, in consenting to a new sovereign, or be used as a basis to join in the prosecution of a existing war between two other states. Outside of a declared war, which properly involved a third neutral party to negotiate a peace to avert a war and to be served a declaration of war, kingdoms were responsible for enforcing the laws in their own lands and waters.  During the prosecution of a war, a party could sue for peace to end the war.  In a just war, it was also acceptable to take slaves of people of a different faith. Additionally, no party wanted to be seen as the aggressor; no one wanted to fire the first shots.  And it wouldn't sit well with other nations if they did, as it would destabilize whatever limited peace there was back in those old times.   What is going on in sinking these boats doesn't follow the model of a just war; it murder.  The US doesn't have persona jurisdiction over non citizens.  The cocaine's immediate destination was not the USA-and their final destination could be anywhere in the world undermining a claim of jurisdiction based upon the effects.  To have proper jurisdiction, the US should be able to stop them in our Land or waters during stop, search, and siezures, crossing over or under our terrestial borders including at our air ports.  I think the argument Rubio, the Catholic, offered against this that due process isn't effective enough, a concept repugnant to western civilization.  Historically, we would still give pirates a trial. There have been other countries, cough Catholic Spain, that took an attitude towards the south Americans that if they accepted Christ they would be spared of slavery and the massacres.  The Catholics might have believed that fighting pagans constituted a just war, but I would have to double check.  So the native Indians were told to accept Christ in a language they couldn't understand-and accounts claim up to 50 million were slain because how could they know that they needed to convert to Christ.  The spanish were detested in the protestant world for this, and possible even Japan too who purged christianity and cut off trade for centuries or limited it to a port in dajima.  Part of due process is having fair notice to know what to do and what not to do as well as a proportional punishment.  It is a value held through the Protestant and ancient wold, but not the Catholics who wee regarded as antichrists for failing to live up to Christ's teachings of "do not even the pagans do that". It is important for a leader to set the example of how a christian should act in a western country, it is also important for a leader to set a moral example for other nations to follow. While there are many violations of this idea in history, they didn't sit well and resulted in distrust by other nations.   What Trump is doing is pure murder, and it will justify other nations doing the same-even against our ships and our citizens.  It will likely lead to the killing of innocent civilians, likely cause a type of USS liberty incident with a foreign nation (which is likely what this is all about), it will likely turn the drug cartels to come to America as assassins, could lead to wars.
I suppose you could argue the interest of saving lives by not sinking the drug ships is moot because of how many people are dying of drugs.  Drug users are either addicted or self medicating, and when they are locked up they will learn who all the dealers are in their area.  They will continue to find a market whether brewed in a lab, someone reselling their prescription drugs, through smuggling.  Maybe rising prices might curve their usage, or maybe they will turn to theft to sustain their addiction. But I propose an alternative.  Instead of blowing up the ships and killing everyone aboard, it appears we have the technology to accurately strike them.  It should therefore be possible to use less than lethal rounds or at least less potent munitions to disable the boats, to collect evidence, and to prosecute. But this is about extrajudicial executions, this is about murdering people in cold blood, to send a message to the cartels...Cartels who probably don't care if some hapless locally courier gets blown to bits, and who knows the remedy is to just to increase the price.  But as I said, Trump surrounds himself with very evil people; from the secretary of state, to the secretary of war, to his chief of staff, to his financier Miriam Adelson, and many others.  These 4 people do not share  nor advance western values; while they may claim to be Christians or Jews, they are not.  They worship their father who is Satan, and heir objective is to destabilize what is left of the original international law that enshrined both Christianity and western values.  They plan to turn order into chaos. permalink parent award report block reply WarViper1337 0 points 20 hours ago Hey look a bot account. Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
WarViper1337 0 points 20 hours ago Hey look a bot account. Get fucked. permalink parent award report block reply
B-2StealthTrump 3 points 2 days ago Found the liberal white woman ☝🏻 permalink parent award report block reply
RoughBoy 1 points 2 days ago It's the only way to stop that insanity, go hard over drugs by any mean necessary.
Even marijuana, that shit is what makes you a liberal. permalink parent award report block reply first_amendment 1 points 1 day ago "What are conservatives conserving?" is a frequently asked question by conservatives or those disenfranchised by the right's drift to the left. Ideological subversion, we seemingly forgotten what made us conservatives and replaced it for what is politically convenient or expedient. The answer/solution is to rediscover Christ and his teachings. permalink parent award report block reply
first_amendment 1 points 1 day ago "What are conservatives conserving?" is a frequently asked question by conservatives or those disenfranchised by the right's drift to the left. Ideological subversion, we seemingly forgotten what made us conservatives and replaced it for what is politically convenient or expedient. The answer/solution is to rediscover Christ and his teachings. permalink parent award report block reply