267 Now dems are back to blocking the Epstein files? (youtu.be) posted 52 minutes ago by Electricutie 26 comments award share report block
26 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save BrewSwillis 7 points 38 minutes ago They'll just keep saying that President Trump is in them, and they'll keep blocking them, so you can't find out he really isn't in there doing anything wrong. permalink award report block reply _TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 5 points 36 minutes ago Theoretically, GEOTUS could just order te DOJ to release the files. permalink parent award report block reply GodKingHarambe 0 points 14 minutes ago It would be dumb for him to release them willingly. There are several lawsuits winding their way through the courts from the victims suing the US Government and Maxwell has a pending appeal she's trying to get before SCOTUS This is all performative advanced faggotry in an attempt to smear Trump. If Trump just waves the hand to release, they pivot to "Look DRUMPF just cost the taxpayers $X by carelessly impacting these lawsuits" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 0 points 28 minutes ago And the RINOs that are barely barely BARELY cooperating with him will turn and the democrats will be in charge. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 3 points 14 minutes ago New flash pal, they are going to be in charge anyways. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 0 points 20 minutes ago He literally already did. permalink parent award report block reply TimoSalami 2 points 34 minutes ago My phone sent a Washington post article that emails say his name. Epstein talking about one of the victims being with him for hours. That’s the one who committed suicide. So what we have is a dead girl and a dead guy talking about Trump. Easy to say something happened when you only have dead people to say any different permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 4 points 30 minutes ago The victim in question is Virginia Giuffre, who has never had anything but nice things to say about Trump and supported him for POTUS in 2024. They tried to bully her into implicating Trump years ago and she refused. Using her corpse to slander Trump is a new low for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 1 points 9 minutes ago They can do whatever they want. It's now old news and they have nothing new to show. They literally pulled a Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 3 points 41 minutes ago Nothing will happen until Trump cleans house at the FBI and DOJ and brings in MAGA people! permalink award report block reply Hamadryad 3 points 21 minutes ago 2 more weeks. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 13 minutes ago Alex Jones said again that it's mainly Democrats, bankers, CEOs, etc and because of the mossad connections, CIA and potentially hurting our already vulnerable economy it may not be released. permalink award report block reply Cianevalies 1 points 18 minutes ago They want it in the public eye. They don’t won’t it released as they know there is nothing in it for them. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 1 points 15 minutes ago LMFAO. They clearly did this to distract from the fact they relented on the shutdown & Biden's subsidies for Obamacare are now going away in 2 months. But they expected a gigantic distraction that would hurt Trump. Instead they literally pulled a Bondi. They released information we already knew  - in fact information that actually goes to exonerate Trump. It shows that Democrats once again have nothing on Trump or even his close allies. permalink award report block reply mohel 0 points 22 minutes ago Doesn't Massie already have a petition? permalink award report block reply _TRUMP_OR_BUST_ -1 points 40 minutes ago Maybe I'm wrong, but I think Democrats are waiting for Adelita Grijalva to be sworn in so that they have enough votes. permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 5 points 28 minutes ago If the Democrats and their pet propagandists really wanted to know what was in the Epstein files, they'd ask Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, Merrick Garland or any of the literally hundreds of other Trump hating Democrats and RINOs who were either involved in the creation of or have since had access to them. The reason why they aren't talking to or about any of these people is because they already know what is in the files and if there was anything in there that could be used to hurt Trump legally, politically or otherwise, we'd have know about it six years ago. And he'd be in prison instead of the White House. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 26 minutes ago I especially find it funny because Maurene Comey was the lead prosecutor on the Epstein case. She knows better than anybody on the planet what was in those files and would have been absolutely key to any cover up, yet Trump didn't even know that she was working for the DOJ until he fired her a few months ago, and now his administration is prosecuting her criminal father. Weird way to reward somebody who allegedly helped cover for you. permalink parent award report block reply BurtMcGirt 1 points 8 minutes ago This. If there was even a remote shred of a chance President Trump was one of the bad guys, it would have been all over the media during Bathhouse Barry's term. Look at the lengths Bathhouse Barry's regime and holdovers went to destroy President Trump. Why not just use real evidence instead, if it actually existed. The only thing President Trump is in the files for is for being the only one willing to help the victims. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 18 minutes ago Also true permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 19 minutes ago Don't know why you're downvoted you're right. permalink parent award report block reply HunterBidensPC 1 points 29 minutes ago Who is that and why is this downvoted? permalink parent award report block reply _TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 1 points 25 minutes ago https://time.com/7333146/adelita-grijalva-johnson-house-swearing-in-epstein-government-shutdown/ permalink parent award report block reply guns_and_butter -4 points 44 minutes ago Patriots.AI, please generate an image of a crooked money lender controlling two puppets kneeling in front of the wailing wall permalink award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 21 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 7 points 38 minutes ago They'll just keep saying that President Trump is in them, and they'll keep blocking them, so you can't find out he really isn't in there doing anything wrong. permalink award report block reply _TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 5 points 36 minutes ago Theoretically, GEOTUS could just order te DOJ to release the files. permalink parent award report block reply GodKingHarambe 0 points 14 minutes ago It would be dumb for him to release them willingly. There are several lawsuits winding their way through the courts from the victims suing the US Government and Maxwell has a pending appeal she's trying to get before SCOTUS This is all performative advanced faggotry in an attempt to smear Trump. If Trump just waves the hand to release, they pivot to "Look DRUMPF just cost the taxpayers $X by carelessly impacting these lawsuits" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 0 points 28 minutes ago And the RINOs that are barely barely BARELY cooperating with him will turn and the democrats will be in charge. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 3 points 14 minutes ago New flash pal, they are going to be in charge anyways. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 0 points 20 minutes ago He literally already did. permalink parent award report block reply TimoSalami 2 points 34 minutes ago My phone sent a Washington post article that emails say his name. Epstein talking about one of the victims being with him for hours. That’s the one who committed suicide. So what we have is a dead girl and a dead guy talking about Trump. Easy to say something happened when you only have dead people to say any different permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 4 points 30 minutes ago The victim in question is Virginia Giuffre, who has never had anything but nice things to say about Trump and supported him for POTUS in 2024. They tried to bully her into implicating Trump years ago and she refused. Using her corpse to slander Trump is a new low for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 1 points 9 minutes ago They can do whatever they want. It's now old news and they have nothing new to show. They literally pulled a Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply
_TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 5 points 36 minutes ago Theoretically, GEOTUS could just order te DOJ to release the files. permalink parent award report block reply GodKingHarambe 0 points 14 minutes ago It would be dumb for him to release them willingly. There are several lawsuits winding their way through the courts from the victims suing the US Government and Maxwell has a pending appeal she's trying to get before SCOTUS This is all performative advanced faggotry in an attempt to smear Trump. If Trump just waves the hand to release, they pivot to "Look DRUMPF just cost the taxpayers $X by carelessly impacting these lawsuits" permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 0 points 28 minutes ago And the RINOs that are barely barely BARELY cooperating with him will turn and the democrats will be in charge. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 3 points 14 minutes ago New flash pal, they are going to be in charge anyways. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 0 points 20 minutes ago He literally already did. permalink parent award report block reply
GodKingHarambe 0 points 14 minutes ago It would be dumb for him to release them willingly. There are several lawsuits winding their way through the courts from the victims suing the US Government and Maxwell has a pending appeal she's trying to get before SCOTUS This is all performative advanced faggotry in an attempt to smear Trump. If Trump just waves the hand to release, they pivot to "Look DRUMPF just cost the taxpayers $X by carelessly impacting these lawsuits" permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 0 points 28 minutes ago And the RINOs that are barely barely BARELY cooperating with him will turn and the democrats will be in charge. permalink parent award report block reply MakeAmericaGreat9 3 points 14 minutes ago New flash pal, they are going to be in charge anyways. permalink parent award report block reply
MakeAmericaGreat9 3 points 14 minutes ago New flash pal, they are going to be in charge anyways. permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 0 points 20 minutes ago He literally already did. permalink parent award report block reply
TimoSalami 2 points 34 minutes ago My phone sent a Washington post article that emails say his name. Epstein talking about one of the victims being with him for hours. That’s the one who committed suicide. So what we have is a dead girl and a dead guy talking about Trump. Easy to say something happened when you only have dead people to say any different permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 4 points 30 minutes ago The victim in question is Virginia Giuffre, who has never had anything but nice things to say about Trump and supported him for POTUS in 2024. They tried to bully her into implicating Trump years ago and she refused. Using her corpse to slander Trump is a new low for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 4 points 30 minutes ago The victim in question is Virginia Giuffre, who has never had anything but nice things to say about Trump and supported him for POTUS in 2024. They tried to bully her into implicating Trump years ago and she refused. Using her corpse to slander Trump is a new low for Democrats. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 1 points 9 minutes ago They can do whatever they want. It's now old news and they have nothing new to show. They literally pulled a Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 3 points 41 minutes ago Nothing will happen until Trump cleans house at the FBI and DOJ and brings in MAGA people! permalink award report block reply Hamadryad 3 points 21 minutes ago 2 more weeks. permalink parent award report block reply
Hamadryad 3 points 21 minutes ago 2 more weeks. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 13 minutes ago Alex Jones said again that it's mainly Democrats, bankers, CEOs, etc and because of the mossad connections, CIA and potentially hurting our already vulnerable economy it may not be released. permalink award report block reply
Cianevalies 1 points 18 minutes ago They want it in the public eye. They don’t won’t it released as they know there is nothing in it for them. permalink award report block reply
MasterChief08 1 points 15 minutes ago LMFAO. They clearly did this to distract from the fact they relented on the shutdown & Biden's subsidies for Obamacare are now going away in 2 months. But they expected a gigantic distraction that would hurt Trump. Instead they literally pulled a Bondi. They released information we already knew  - in fact information that actually goes to exonerate Trump. It shows that Democrats once again have nothing on Trump or even his close allies. permalink award report block reply
mohel 0 points 22 minutes ago Doesn't Massie already have a petition? permalink award report block reply
_TRUMP_OR_BUST_ -1 points 40 minutes ago Maybe I'm wrong, but I think Democrats are waiting for Adelita Grijalva to be sworn in so that they have enough votes. permalink award report block reply berserkerbarrage 5 points 28 minutes ago If the Democrats and their pet propagandists really wanted to know what was in the Epstein files, they'd ask Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, Merrick Garland or any of the literally hundreds of other Trump hating Democrats and RINOs who were either involved in the creation of or have since had access to them. The reason why they aren't talking to or about any of these people is because they already know what is in the files and if there was anything in there that could be used to hurt Trump legally, politically or otherwise, we'd have know about it six years ago. And he'd be in prison instead of the White House. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 26 minutes ago I especially find it funny because Maurene Comey was the lead prosecutor on the Epstein case. She knows better than anybody on the planet what was in those files and would have been absolutely key to any cover up, yet Trump didn't even know that she was working for the DOJ until he fired her a few months ago, and now his administration is prosecuting her criminal father. Weird way to reward somebody who allegedly helped cover for you. permalink parent award report block reply BurtMcGirt 1 points 8 minutes ago This. If there was even a remote shred of a chance President Trump was one of the bad guys, it would have been all over the media during Bathhouse Barry's term. Look at the lengths Bathhouse Barry's regime and holdovers went to destroy President Trump. Why not just use real evidence instead, if it actually existed. The only thing President Trump is in the files for is for being the only one willing to help the victims. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 18 minutes ago Also true permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 19 minutes ago Don't know why you're downvoted you're right. permalink parent award report block reply HunterBidensPC 1 points 29 minutes ago Who is that and why is this downvoted? permalink parent award report block reply _TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 1 points 25 minutes ago https://time.com/7333146/adelita-grijalva-johnson-house-swearing-in-epstein-government-shutdown/ permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 5 points 28 minutes ago If the Democrats and their pet propagandists really wanted to know what was in the Epstein files, they'd ask Maurene Comey, Christopher Wray, Merrick Garland or any of the literally hundreds of other Trump hating Democrats and RINOs who were either involved in the creation of or have since had access to them. The reason why they aren't talking to or about any of these people is because they already know what is in the files and if there was anything in there that could be used to hurt Trump legally, politically or otherwise, we'd have know about it six years ago. And he'd be in prison instead of the White House. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 26 minutes ago I especially find it funny because Maurene Comey was the lead prosecutor on the Epstein case. She knows better than anybody on the planet what was in those files and would have been absolutely key to any cover up, yet Trump didn't even know that she was working for the DOJ until he fired her a few months ago, and now his administration is prosecuting her criminal father. Weird way to reward somebody who allegedly helped cover for you. permalink parent award report block reply BurtMcGirt 1 points 8 minutes ago This. If there was even a remote shred of a chance President Trump was one of the bad guys, it would have been all over the media during Bathhouse Barry's term. Look at the lengths Bathhouse Barry's regime and holdovers went to destroy President Trump. Why not just use real evidence instead, if it actually existed. The only thing President Trump is in the files for is for being the only one willing to help the victims. permalink parent award report block reply Emodius 1 points 18 minutes ago Also true permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 26 minutes ago I especially find it funny because Maurene Comey was the lead prosecutor on the Epstein case. She knows better than anybody on the planet what was in those files and would have been absolutely key to any cover up, yet Trump didn't even know that she was working for the DOJ until he fired her a few months ago, and now his administration is prosecuting her criminal father. Weird way to reward somebody who allegedly helped cover for you. permalink parent award report block reply
BurtMcGirt 1 points 8 minutes ago This. If there was even a remote shred of a chance President Trump was one of the bad guys, it would have been all over the media during Bathhouse Barry's term. Look at the lengths Bathhouse Barry's regime and holdovers went to destroy President Trump. Why not just use real evidence instead, if it actually existed. The only thing President Trump is in the files for is for being the only one willing to help the victims. permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 1 points 18 minutes ago Also true permalink parent award report block reply
Emodius 1 points 19 minutes ago Don't know why you're downvoted you're right. permalink parent award report block reply
HunterBidensPC 1 points 29 minutes ago Who is that and why is this downvoted? permalink parent award report block reply _TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 1 points 25 minutes ago https://time.com/7333146/adelita-grijalva-johnson-house-swearing-in-epstein-government-shutdown/ permalink parent award report block reply
_TRUMP_OR_BUST_ 1 points 25 minutes ago https://time.com/7333146/adelita-grijalva-johnson-house-swearing-in-epstein-government-shutdown/ permalink parent award report block reply
guns_and_butter -4 points 44 minutes ago Patriots.AI, please generate an image of a crooked money lender controlling two puppets kneeling in front of the wailing wall permalink award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 21 minutes ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply