137 I really hope that Stephen Miller or someone else can explain to President Trump that is NOT what we voted for.

This is a path to giving away the midterms in 2026 and Democrats launching investigations and impeachments for two years. posted 16 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 13 comments award share report block Wall Street Mav @WallStreetMav • 21h I really hope that Stephen Miller or someone else can explain to President Trump that is NOT what we voted for. This is a path to giving away the midterms in 2026 and Democrats launching investigations and impeachments for two years. His base is going to stop caring soon if Breaking911 @Breaking911 • 22h INGRAHAM: "If you want to raise wages for American workers, you can't flood the country with foreign workers." POTUS: "I agree, but you also do have to bring in talent." INGRAHAM: "We have plenty of talented people here." POTUS: "No, you don't."
13 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Crucible 6 points 16 hours ago He's exposed himself as a compromised out of touch boomer. THIS IS NOT AMERICA FIRST permalink award report block reply possibletower -4 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply MickHigan2 4 points 15 hours ago Trump says America doesn't have talent u/possibletower - "Fuck Gen Z! They turned on Trump!" Did you miss your meds or something? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 10 hours ago Bet you won't let go of your socialist Medicare that we all pay for. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 6 points 16 hours ago I think what the president is saying is that we don't have talented people available at the wages they're looking to pay foreigners without actually saying it. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 9 points 16 hours ago The foreigners are getting the $150-250k jobs with fake experience and education and no idea how to code without cutting and pasting or farming the work off to another Indian. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 16 hours ago I'd like to hear more about that. I know that certain Indian companies have been fined for not paying the prevailing wage or less than employees were promised in their employment contract. It always comes down to money. The "talent" issue is a non-starter because President Trump knows as well as anybody that we pulled women out of the kitchen to make tanks and airplanes during World War II. It can't be that much harder putting together the components for a missile. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 4 points 15 hours ago How much of Trump's 2nd term will be about MIGA and gibs for his big dollar donors? permalink award report block reply possibletower -5 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z. Also I popped champagne when those Iranian generals were BBQed. Fuck your precious goatfuckers. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 3 points 15 hours ago Fuck GenZ? They'll remember that in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply donteatthat 2 points 14 hours ago They don't give a shit what you voted for. Time to accept reality. permalink award report block reply possibletower -2 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink award report block reply sordfysh PRO 2 points 10 hours ago Gramps is wandering away from the home again. permalink parent award report block reply
Crucible 6 points 16 hours ago He's exposed himself as a compromised out of touch boomer. THIS IS NOT AMERICA FIRST permalink award report block reply possibletower -4 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply MickHigan2 4 points 15 hours ago Trump says America doesn't have talent u/possibletower - "Fuck Gen Z! They turned on Trump!" Did you miss your meds or something? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 10 hours ago Bet you won't let go of your socialist Medicare that we all pay for. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -4 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink parent award report block reply MickHigan2 4 points 15 hours ago Trump says America doesn't have talent u/possibletower - "Fuck Gen Z! They turned on Trump!" Did you miss your meds or something? permalink parent award report block reply sordfysh PRO 1 points 10 hours ago Bet you won't let go of your socialist Medicare that we all pay for. permalink parent award report block reply
MickHigan2 4 points 15 hours ago Trump says America doesn't have talent u/possibletower - "Fuck Gen Z! They turned on Trump!" Did you miss your meds or something? permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 1 points 10 hours ago Bet you won't let go of your socialist Medicare that we all pay for. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 6 points 16 hours ago I think what the president is saying is that we don't have talented people available at the wages they're looking to pay foreigners without actually saying it. permalink award report block reply PiratePatriotParrot OP 9 points 16 hours ago The foreigners are getting the $150-250k jobs with fake experience and education and no idea how to code without cutting and pasting or farming the work off to another Indian. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 16 hours ago I'd like to hear more about that. I know that certain Indian companies have been fined for not paying the prevailing wage or less than employees were promised in their employment contract. It always comes down to money. The "talent" issue is a non-starter because President Trump knows as well as anybody that we pulled women out of the kitchen to make tanks and airplanes during World War II. It can't be that much harder putting together the components for a missile. permalink parent award report block reply
PiratePatriotParrot OP 9 points 16 hours ago The foreigners are getting the $150-250k jobs with fake experience and education and no idea how to code without cutting and pasting or farming the work off to another Indian. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 7 points 16 hours ago I'd like to hear more about that. I know that certain Indian companies have been fined for not paying the prevailing wage or less than employees were promised in their employment contract. It always comes down to money. The "talent" issue is a non-starter because President Trump knows as well as anybody that we pulled women out of the kitchen to make tanks and airplanes during World War II. It can't be that much harder putting together the components for a missile. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 7 points 16 hours ago I'd like to hear more about that. I know that certain Indian companies have been fined for not paying the prevailing wage or less than employees were promised in their employment contract. It always comes down to money. The "talent" issue is a non-starter because President Trump knows as well as anybody that we pulled women out of the kitchen to make tanks and airplanes during World War II. It can't be that much harder putting together the components for a missile. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 4 points 15 hours ago How much of Trump's 2nd term will be about MIGA and gibs for his big dollar donors? permalink award report block reply possibletower -5 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z. Also I popped champagne when those Iranian generals were BBQed. Fuck your precious goatfuckers. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 3 points 15 hours ago Fuck GenZ? They'll remember that in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -5 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z. Also I popped champagne when those Iranian generals were BBQed. Fuck your precious goatfuckers. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 3 points 15 hours ago Fuck GenZ? They'll remember that in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 3 points 15 hours ago Fuck GenZ? They'll remember that in 2026. permalink parent award report block reply
donteatthat 2 points 14 hours ago They don't give a shit what you voted for. Time to accept reality. permalink award report block reply
possibletower -2 points 15 hours ago Fuck Gen Z. They are the most libshit generation in history and they aren't "turning on Trump" because they never voted for Trump. Also Gen Z wants Trump to do socialist price controls on housing and food and healthcare. Fuck Gen Z permalink award report block reply sordfysh PRO 2 points 10 hours ago Gramps is wandering away from the home again. permalink parent award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 2 points 10 hours ago Gramps is wandering away from the home again. permalink parent award report block reply