1486 No mind to change posted 6 days ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 83 comments award share download report block
83 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save ChyNahAzzWhole1 51 points 6 days ago Rinos included. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 6 days ago STAY SAFE, CROWDER, DONT LET YOURSELF GET KILLED, THE LEFT WANTS YOU DEAD LIKE THEY WANTED KIRK DEAD permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 7 points 6 days ago This is the first thing I thought when they assassinated Charlie Kirk. Crowder is like the Steve Bannon to Tim Pool (I guess) but has had a ton of similar engagement tactics. I love Crowder and the pepes on his show, same with Tim Pool and that F***ing hot 20yo blond spinner he has on every couple of nights, much hotter than the 45yo brunette roastie with -8 glasses. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 6 days ago Crowder is somewhat trustworthy cause he fell out with Shapiro. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 6 days ago Crowder is a trustworthy last name. Don't draw TOO many conclusions from that statement though cuz I don't like making generalizations. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago I was subbed for two years until he sold his people to Rumble. Before Rumble he had a year and a bit where he did Locals and you could get the premium podcasts playing on the way to work. As soon as he switched to Rumble, I was like screw this. In two years I never got a single mug either. Such bullshit. Loved the content, but his staff are retarded and bad choices were made. permalink parent award report block reply throatbiscuit 3 points 6 days ago Eh.  Crowder got pec implants.  If that is not enough..watch the leaked vids.   Limited hangout and compromised.  Controlled op. Down vote all you want twinks. It’s a fact. permalink parent award report block reply PeterThielAntiChrist 2 points 6 days ago no one gives a shit about steven crowder. the left laughs at him. he's a fucking queer. permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 2 points 6 days ago Hold up… Are you replying to a fucking meme like it’s actually Crowder? Lol permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago Even if I was, so what? permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 1 points 6 days ago So….. you’re saying that you think he’ll see it? permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 6 days ago Rinos included!  Also username checks out! permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 5 days ago And that includes Israel obsessed never trumpers like Nick Fuentes and Ian Carrol and Jake shields and others All they do is bitch about Jews and trump all day, they have serious tds. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 5 days ago This is the best summary of the government shutdown.  The democrats have zero consequences for the damage they are causing with the government shutdown.  The use X/Twitter as a huge propaganda machine where they spew out lies.  But there are no consequences to the democrats because they can't be replaced or voted out of office.  They are emboldened by the recent elections. permalink parent award report block reply bidensmissingbrain 25 points 6 days ago Democrats want America to fail regardless of Trump. They just hate him because he's in the way. permalink award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 6 days ago Bingo. They think that “smashing capitalism” will usher in a collectivist utopia where they get universal basic income so they can sit at home jacking off, playing video games and eating DoorDash. That’s literally what they think will happen permalink parent award report block reply Friendly_B 4 points 5 days ago All my peers in the entertainment industry who were Leftist parasites kept explaining how they were not Capitalists even though they engaged in aggressive Capitalism with their creator-owned work and self-publishing endeavors.  They said if only they were not oppressed they would have time to make their magical magnum opuses. Then the Covid lockdowns happened, they all got pampered by the system, and almost none of them did a dang thing for two years.  Zero productivity. Meanwhile I was working full time during the lockdowns and produced a massive amount of content, and also got in the best shape of my life.  I use stress as a tool. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Nancy once mentioned that China had the best government, single party control.  But she didn't mention that China uses capitalism in businesses or that China has the most billionaires on the planet.  Its fun to watch democrats use China as a good example of communism when the financial success of China is because its a homogeneous population and they use capitalism to create competition and this drives innovation. permalink parent award report block reply friedchicken 14 points 6 days ago "An evil man will burn his own nation to the ground to rule over the ashes." -Sun Tzu permalink award report block reply Squentin 10 points 6 days ago Absolutely true. Some Republicans as well. permalink award report block reply Please_Clap 9 points 6 days ago Democrats want to see America & Donald Trump fail. That is the focus of their agenda. Collapse America and go to a One World Globalist government run from Brussels along side Big Tech, a Digital ID, Universal Basic Income, CBDC, and the Social Credit Score System. The perfect communist control system. Carrot & the stick. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 5 days ago The shutdown is hurting Trump's economy and that is the democrat goal.  Of course its also hurting the middle class and the poor but the democrats will keep the country shutdown because they have no consequences. permalink parent award report block reply LogicalSchizo 3 points 6 days ago I'm tired of the constant dooming by some conservatives. Sure the Trump Admin has shot itself in the foot a couple times like with Epstein and the Stargate AI crap. But that's not enough reason to just let the Dems win in 26 and 28. There's too much on the line. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 7 points 6 days ago ᴅᴇᴍᴏᴄʀᴀᴛs ᴀʀᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴀɴᴛɪᴄʜʀɪsᴛ permalink award report block reply SubmarineGuy 8 points 6 days ago Mamdani might be that guy! permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 6 days ago SubmarineGuy 2 points 6 days ago Sounds more like the Pedo Profit Mad Moe himself (pig pee upon him!) permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose -2 points 6 days ago Would you rather see mamdani fail than be successful? Not that its remotely possible but still... permalink parent award report block reply OhioRepublic 6 points 6 days ago You realize if Mamcommie is successful, NYC will be a communist dystopia? permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 5 points 6 days ago Which of his lies do I think is going to come true? How is success defined here? By the amount of useful idiots that are still following him after his term ends? Is he successful if he has the Islamic call to prayer broadcast all over the city 5 times a day? permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 6 days ago Success could be defined as less crime, budget surplus I dont know .. stuff like that. We should make a two column table though with success on one side and failure on the other and see how he does. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BeauHD -1 points 6 days ago This is the same guy as UncleSlayton and OhioRepublic. You should reply to them instead! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago There are no good outcomes with him leading New York. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago Yea none for Americans but for illegals there will be permalink parent award report block reply Light_HIV_Effect 6 points 6 days ago Local elections matter They're burning down the cities with their awful policies, thereby distilling the concentration of democrats as all the sane republicans leave for southern states. Then they import millions of illegals to keep their apportionment up between the decades of censuses. Trump needs to run a census NOW before the midterms and before inevitable challenges come to representation. If they don't get that done, the country is lost after the midterms. permalink award report block reply texas4ever 3 points 6 days ago That and the Supreme Court has to get rid of the racial gerrymandering...for the midterms, that could be the single most important factor. We still also need to show up. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 5 days ago Democrats have conquered lots of cities and states using techniques that work like ballot harvesting and suicidal empathy.  But they are very organized and speak the same strategy even when they don't agree with it. permalink parent award report block reply Bastard 5 points 6 days ago No question about it. permalink award report block reply MythArcana 4 points 6 days ago They have been doing exactly just that way before Trump got into politics, believe me. permalink award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 3 points 6 days ago the first part is true.  they don't give a damn about anything or anyone else. permalink award report block reply magapatriot_pa 3 points 6 days ago For democrats, America failing IS their success. They want us to be like every other third world nation on earth permalink award report block reply ThorsonTT 3 points 6 days ago All they concern themselves with is power and profit. permalink award report block reply terribletwos 2 points 6 days ago The Democratic party is now the foreigners party and it's sole purpose is to see America fail. Trump's not a factor. They don't hate Trump, they hate us. permalink award report block reply HoganT 2 points 6 days ago Aaaand, how do you feel about New York City right now? permalink award report block reply RoninIV 2 points 6 days ago This is absolutely true permalink award report block reply Constitution_1788 2 points 6 days ago This goes without saying. I say it’s like hating the pilot of your plane so much you hope he fails. Peak idiocy. permalink award report block reply georock 2 points 6 days ago democrats want both of those things permalink award report block reply ColonelKlink 2 points 6 days ago Their policies are to destroy America. permalink award report block reply least_counties_ever 2 points 6 days ago Democrats want America to fail anyway.  They didn't need Trump for that. permalink award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 6 days ago They are not democrats; they are communists. permalink award report block reply DrTar 1 points 5 days ago I doubt many of them need Trump as an excuse for wanting the country to fail. That's their normal setting no matter who's in charge. permalink award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago That photo makes me miss the golden days. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 1 points 6 days ago Their ideology is self-loathing and nihilism, projected outwards. Put them in any country and it's the same from them. permalink award report block reply sod_off_shotgun 1 points 5 days ago No it is America they don't want to be successful permalink award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 5 days ago I don't think Trump is their motivation to do so. They've wanted to destroy America since Obama. Trump just shined a spotlight on them. Their survival instinct changed from cockroach to moth. permalink award report block reply Laffing_Again 1 points 5 days ago Same as liberal women in a marriage? permalink award report block reply PunishedSnek 1 points 5 days ago They hate America. They want it to fail in every way when they win or lose. permalink award report block reply Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 6 days ago You don't even need the second part of that statement. Democrats want America to fail. Period. permalink award report block reply xkgb 1 points 6 days ago Honestly success for Trump would be the end of the democratic party. permalink award report block reply HumblePepe 1 points 6 days ago I mean, they did elect someone who literally spoke about killing his opponent and their children. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago Indeed. What scares me on immigration is that they’ll likely offer re-entry plus a fast track to citizenship to any illegal alien the Trump administration is deporting due to unspecified “human rights abuses.” We have to destroy the Democrats to save America, there’s no other option permalink award report block reply ViagraFalls 1 points 5 days ago The Democrats succeeding IS America failing permalink award report block reply MAGA_ME 1 points 5 days ago They say the same thing about us when they have the presidency. permalink award report block reply JesusTheOnlyWay 1 points 6 days ago Wow, cutting edge rhetoric. All these hard hitting memes will surely make a difference. As radical Muslim communists take over the big cities. At least we in Canada are aware how screwed we are.... permalink award report block reply breadbaker 1 points 6 days ago Crowder is just another suck-ass click-bait new media Rino-in-waiting asshat. permalink award report block reply Naught0 1 points 5 days ago They want the Country to fail AND Trump to fail. permalink award report block reply canada_is_communist 1 points 6 days ago These fucekrs cant even boycott Nintendo when it took down emulators (including many legal ones) or Reddit when it killed all 3rd party apps lol, they cant do shit about the US... permalink award report block reply donalds_stones 1 points 6 days ago That was hard to read permalink award report block reply TheWhitestOfFangs 1 points 5 days ago Allow me to try to change you mind.
Democrats would rather see America fail.
The rest is a consequence - there is no "rather than" here. permalink award report block reply rzeszowpatriot 1 points 6 days ago I mean yea obviously lol permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 1 points 6 days ago "I feel like the bottom has to fall out at some point... By the way, I'm hoping for it because one way you get rid of Trump is a crashing economy. So please, bring on the recession. Sorry if that hurts people, but it's either root for a recession or you lose your democracy". Faggot Bill Maher permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 5 days ago Guy doesn't know they want America to fail regardless of who's in charge, wild, must be pretty dense permalink award report block reply Mega_MAGA 1 points 5 days ago They shut it down to stop Trump. Thats the fact. That needs to be the media narrative until the end of time. permalink award report block reply TrumpTank 0 points 6 days ago Yeah, we know. Trump's... still letting us down though. Whether you want to believe it or not. Worlds better then Kamala so I'm still happy he won. But Trump's doing a shit job, pedos. permalink award report block reply Aggrieved03 0 points 6 days ago Establishment Republicans too. permalink award report block reply 3stepsahead 0 points 6 days ago Hes doing that on his own by not passing serious fed election reform. permalink award report block reply Hanging_Chad 0 points 6 days ago yup permalink award report block reply Tuggy_McTuggboat 0 points 6 days ago They want it to fail. It's the goal to usher in the complete control globalists want. permalink award report block reply
ChyNahAzzWhole1 51 points 6 days ago Rinos included. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 6 days ago STAY SAFE, CROWDER, DONT LET YOURSELF GET KILLED, THE LEFT WANTS YOU DEAD LIKE THEY WANTED KIRK DEAD permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 7 points 6 days ago This is the first thing I thought when they assassinated Charlie Kirk. Crowder is like the Steve Bannon to Tim Pool (I guess) but has had a ton of similar engagement tactics. I love Crowder and the pepes on his show, same with Tim Pool and that F***ing hot 20yo blond spinner he has on every couple of nights, much hotter than the 45yo brunette roastie with -8 glasses. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 6 days ago Crowder is somewhat trustworthy cause he fell out with Shapiro. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 6 days ago Crowder is a trustworthy last name. Don't draw TOO many conclusions from that statement though cuz I don't like making generalizations. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago I was subbed for two years until he sold his people to Rumble. Before Rumble he had a year and a bit where he did Locals and you could get the premium podcasts playing on the way to work. As soon as he switched to Rumble, I was like screw this. In two years I never got a single mug either. Such bullshit. Loved the content, but his staff are retarded and bad choices were made. permalink parent award report block reply throatbiscuit 3 points 6 days ago Eh.  Crowder got pec implants.  If that is not enough..watch the leaked vids.   Limited hangout and compromised.  Controlled op. Down vote all you want twinks. It’s a fact. permalink parent award report block reply PeterThielAntiChrist 2 points 6 days ago no one gives a shit about steven crowder. the left laughs at him. he's a fucking queer. permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 2 points 6 days ago Hold up… Are you replying to a fucking meme like it’s actually Crowder? Lol permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago Even if I was, so what? permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 1 points 6 days ago So….. you’re saying that you think he’ll see it? permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 6 days ago Rinos included!  Also username checks out! permalink parent award report block reply bumpman 1 points 5 days ago And that includes Israel obsessed never trumpers like Nick Fuentes and Ian Carrol and Jake shields and others All they do is bitch about Jews and trump all day, they have serious tds. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 5 days ago This is the best summary of the government shutdown.  The democrats have zero consequences for the damage they are causing with the government shutdown.  The use X/Twitter as a huge propaganda machine where they spew out lies.  But there are no consequences to the democrats because they can't be replaced or voted out of office.  They are emboldened by the recent elections. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 25 points 6 days ago STAY SAFE, CROWDER, DONT LET YOURSELF GET KILLED, THE LEFT WANTS YOU DEAD LIKE THEY WANTED KIRK DEAD permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 7 points 6 days ago This is the first thing I thought when they assassinated Charlie Kirk. Crowder is like the Steve Bannon to Tim Pool (I guess) but has had a ton of similar engagement tactics. I love Crowder and the pepes on his show, same with Tim Pool and that F***ing hot 20yo blond spinner he has on every couple of nights, much hotter than the 45yo brunette roastie with -8 glasses. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 6 days ago Crowder is somewhat trustworthy cause he fell out with Shapiro. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 6 days ago Crowder is a trustworthy last name. Don't draw TOO many conclusions from that statement though cuz I don't like making generalizations. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago I was subbed for two years until he sold his people to Rumble. Before Rumble he had a year and a bit where he did Locals and you could get the premium podcasts playing on the way to work. As soon as he switched to Rumble, I was like screw this. In two years I never got a single mug either. Such bullshit. Loved the content, but his staff are retarded and bad choices were made. permalink parent award report block reply throatbiscuit 3 points 6 days ago Eh.  Crowder got pec implants.  If that is not enough..watch the leaked vids.   Limited hangout and compromised.  Controlled op. Down vote all you want twinks. It’s a fact. permalink parent award report block reply PeterThielAntiChrist 2 points 6 days ago no one gives a shit about steven crowder. the left laughs at him. he's a fucking queer. permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 2 points 6 days ago Hold up… Are you replying to a fucking meme like it’s actually Crowder? Lol permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago Even if I was, so what? permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 1 points 6 days ago So….. you’re saying that you think he’ll see it? permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 7 points 6 days ago This is the first thing I thought when they assassinated Charlie Kirk. Crowder is like the Steve Bannon to Tim Pool (I guess) but has had a ton of similar engagement tactics. I love Crowder and the pepes on his show, same with Tim Pool and that F***ing hot 20yo blond spinner he has on every couple of nights, much hotter than the 45yo brunette roastie with -8 glasses. permalink parent award report block reply Viewer01 14 points 6 days ago Crowder is somewhat trustworthy cause he fell out with Shapiro. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 6 days ago Crowder is a trustworthy last name. Don't draw TOO many conclusions from that statement though cuz I don't like making generalizations. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago I was subbed for two years until he sold his people to Rumble. Before Rumble he had a year and a bit where he did Locals and you could get the premium podcasts playing on the way to work. As soon as he switched to Rumble, I was like screw this. In two years I never got a single mug either. Such bullshit. Loved the content, but his staff are retarded and bad choices were made. permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 14 points 6 days ago Crowder is somewhat trustworthy cause he fell out with Shapiro. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 6 points 6 days ago Crowder is a trustworthy last name. Don't draw TOO many conclusions from that statement though cuz I don't like making generalizations. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
BeauHD 6 points 6 days ago Crowder is a trustworthy last name. Don't draw TOO many conclusions from that statement though cuz I don't like making generalizations. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago I was subbed for two years until he sold his people to Rumble. Before Rumble he had a year and a bit where he did Locals and you could get the premium podcasts playing on the way to work. As soon as he switched to Rumble, I was like screw this. In two years I never got a single mug either. Such bullshit. Loved the content, but his staff are retarded and bad choices were made. permalink parent award report block reply
throatbiscuit 3 points 6 days ago Eh.  Crowder got pec implants.  If that is not enough..watch the leaked vids.   Limited hangout and compromised.  Controlled op. Down vote all you want twinks. It’s a fact. permalink parent award report block reply
PeterThielAntiChrist 2 points 6 days ago no one gives a shit about steven crowder. the left laughs at him. he's a fucking queer. permalink parent award report block reply
OldGamerGuy79 2 points 6 days ago Hold up… Are you replying to a fucking meme like it’s actually Crowder? Lol permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago Even if I was, so what? permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 1 points 6 days ago So….. you’re saying that you think he’ll see it? permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 6 days ago Even if I was, so what? permalink parent award report block reply OldGamerGuy79 1 points 6 days ago So….. you’re saying that you think he’ll see it? permalink parent award report block reply
OldGamerGuy79 1 points 6 days ago So….. you’re saying that you think he’ll see it? permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 6 days ago Rinos included!  Also username checks out! permalink parent award report block reply
bumpman 1 points 5 days ago And that includes Israel obsessed never trumpers like Nick Fuentes and Ian Carrol and Jake shields and others All they do is bitch about Jews and trump all day, they have serious tds. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 5 days ago This is the best summary of the government shutdown.  The democrats have zero consequences for the damage they are causing with the government shutdown.  The use X/Twitter as a huge propaganda machine where they spew out lies.  But there are no consequences to the democrats because they can't be replaced or voted out of office.  They are emboldened by the recent elections. permalink parent award report block reply
bidensmissingbrain 25 points 6 days ago Democrats want America to fail regardless of Trump. They just hate him because he's in the way. permalink award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 6 days ago Bingo. They think that “smashing capitalism” will usher in a collectivist utopia where they get universal basic income so they can sit at home jacking off, playing video games and eating DoorDash. That’s literally what they think will happen permalink parent award report block reply Friendly_B 4 points 5 days ago All my peers in the entertainment industry who were Leftist parasites kept explaining how they were not Capitalists even though they engaged in aggressive Capitalism with their creator-owned work and self-publishing endeavors.  They said if only they were not oppressed they would have time to make their magical magnum opuses. Then the Covid lockdowns happened, they all got pampered by the system, and almost none of them did a dang thing for two years.  Zero productivity. Meanwhile I was working full time during the lockdowns and produced a massive amount of content, and also got in the best shape of my life.  I use stress as a tool. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Nancy once mentioned that China had the best government, single party control.  But she didn't mention that China uses capitalism in businesses or that China has the most billionaires on the planet.  Its fun to watch democrats use China as a good example of communism when the financial success of China is because its a homogeneous population and they use capitalism to create competition and this drives innovation. permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 11 points 6 days ago Bingo. They think that “smashing capitalism” will usher in a collectivist utopia where they get universal basic income so they can sit at home jacking off, playing video games and eating DoorDash. That’s literally what they think will happen permalink parent award report block reply Friendly_B 4 points 5 days ago All my peers in the entertainment industry who were Leftist parasites kept explaining how they were not Capitalists even though they engaged in aggressive Capitalism with their creator-owned work and self-publishing endeavors.  They said if only they were not oppressed they would have time to make their magical magnum opuses. Then the Covid lockdowns happened, they all got pampered by the system, and almost none of them did a dang thing for two years.  Zero productivity. Meanwhile I was working full time during the lockdowns and produced a massive amount of content, and also got in the best shape of my life.  I use stress as a tool. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Nancy once mentioned that China had the best government, single party control.  But she didn't mention that China uses capitalism in businesses or that China has the most billionaires on the planet.  Its fun to watch democrats use China as a good example of communism when the financial success of China is because its a homogeneous population and they use capitalism to create competition and this drives innovation. permalink parent award report block reply
Friendly_B 4 points 5 days ago All my peers in the entertainment industry who were Leftist parasites kept explaining how they were not Capitalists even though they engaged in aggressive Capitalism with their creator-owned work and self-publishing endeavors.  They said if only they were not oppressed they would have time to make their magical magnum opuses. Then the Covid lockdowns happened, they all got pampered by the system, and almost none of them did a dang thing for two years.  Zero productivity. Meanwhile I was working full time during the lockdowns and produced a massive amount of content, and also got in the best shape of my life.  I use stress as a tool. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 5 days ago Nancy once mentioned that China had the best government, single party control.  But she didn't mention that China uses capitalism in businesses or that China has the most billionaires on the planet.  Its fun to watch democrats use China as a good example of communism when the financial success of China is because its a homogeneous population and they use capitalism to create competition and this drives innovation. permalink parent award report block reply
friedchicken 14 points 6 days ago "An evil man will burn his own nation to the ground to rule over the ashes." -Sun Tzu permalink award report block reply
Squentin 10 points 6 days ago Absolutely true. Some Republicans as well. permalink award report block reply Please_Clap 9 points 6 days ago Democrats want to see America & Donald Trump fail. That is the focus of their agenda. Collapse America and go to a One World Globalist government run from Brussels along side Big Tech, a Digital ID, Universal Basic Income, CBDC, and the Social Credit Score System. The perfect communist control system. Carrot & the stick. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 5 days ago The shutdown is hurting Trump's economy and that is the democrat goal.  Of course its also hurting the middle class and the poor but the democrats will keep the country shutdown because they have no consequences. permalink parent award report block reply LogicalSchizo 3 points 6 days ago I'm tired of the constant dooming by some conservatives. Sure the Trump Admin has shot itself in the foot a couple times like with Epstein and the Stargate AI crap. But that's not enough reason to just let the Dems win in 26 and 28. There's too much on the line. permalink parent award report block reply
Please_Clap 9 points 6 days ago Democrats want to see America & Donald Trump fail. That is the focus of their agenda. Collapse America and go to a One World Globalist government run from Brussels along side Big Tech, a Digital ID, Universal Basic Income, CBDC, and the Social Credit Score System. The perfect communist control system. Carrot & the stick. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 5 days ago The shutdown is hurting Trump's economy and that is the democrat goal.  Of course its also hurting the middle class and the poor but the democrats will keep the country shutdown because they have no consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 3 points 5 days ago The shutdown is hurting Trump's economy and that is the democrat goal.  Of course its also hurting the middle class and the poor but the democrats will keep the country shutdown because they have no consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
LogicalSchizo 3 points 6 days ago I'm tired of the constant dooming by some conservatives. Sure the Trump Admin has shot itself in the foot a couple times like with Epstein and the Stargate AI crap. But that's not enough reason to just let the Dems win in 26 and 28. There's too much on the line. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 7 points 6 days ago ᴅᴇᴍᴏᴄʀᴀᴛs ᴀʀᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴀɴᴛɪᴄʜʀɪsᴛ permalink award report block reply SubmarineGuy 8 points 6 days ago Mamdani might be that guy! permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 6 days ago SubmarineGuy 2 points 6 days ago Sounds more like the Pedo Profit Mad Moe himself (pig pee upon him!) permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose -2 points 6 days ago Would you rather see mamdani fail than be successful? Not that its remotely possible but still... permalink parent award report block reply OhioRepublic 6 points 6 days ago You realize if Mamcommie is successful, NYC will be a communist dystopia? permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 5 points 6 days ago Which of his lies do I think is going to come true? How is success defined here? By the amount of useful idiots that are still following him after his term ends? Is he successful if he has the Islamic call to prayer broadcast all over the city 5 times a day? permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 6 days ago Success could be defined as less crime, budget surplus I dont know .. stuff like that. We should make a two column table though with success on one side and failure on the other and see how he does. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BeauHD -1 points 6 days ago This is the same guy as UncleSlayton and OhioRepublic. You should reply to them instead! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago There are no good outcomes with him leading New York. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago Yea none for Americans but for illegals there will be permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 8 points 6 days ago Mamdani might be that guy! permalink parent award report block reply deleted 5 points 6 days ago SubmarineGuy 2 points 6 days ago Sounds more like the Pedo Profit Mad Moe himself (pig pee upon him!) permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose -2 points 6 days ago Would you rather see mamdani fail than be successful? Not that its remotely possible but still... permalink parent award report block reply OhioRepublic 6 points 6 days ago You realize if Mamcommie is successful, NYC will be a communist dystopia? permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 5 points 6 days ago Which of his lies do I think is going to come true? How is success defined here? By the amount of useful idiots that are still following him after his term ends? Is he successful if he has the Islamic call to prayer broadcast all over the city 5 times a day? permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 6 days ago Success could be defined as less crime, budget surplus I dont know .. stuff like that. We should make a two column table though with success on one side and failure on the other and see how he does. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BeauHD -1 points 6 days ago This is the same guy as UncleSlayton and OhioRepublic. You should reply to them instead! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago There are no good outcomes with him leading New York. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago Yea none for Americans but for illegals there will be permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 5 points 6 days ago SubmarineGuy 2 points 6 days ago Sounds more like the Pedo Profit Mad Moe himself (pig pee upon him!) permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 2 points 6 days ago Sounds more like the Pedo Profit Mad Moe himself (pig pee upon him!) permalink parent award report block reply
TruculentGoose -2 points 6 days ago Would you rather see mamdani fail than be successful? Not that its remotely possible but still... permalink parent award report block reply OhioRepublic 6 points 6 days ago You realize if Mamcommie is successful, NYC will be a communist dystopia? permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 5 points 6 days ago Which of his lies do I think is going to come true? How is success defined here? By the amount of useful idiots that are still following him after his term ends? Is he successful if he has the Islamic call to prayer broadcast all over the city 5 times a day? permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 6 days ago Success could be defined as less crime, budget surplus I dont know .. stuff like that. We should make a two column table though with success on one side and failure on the other and see how he does. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BeauHD -1 points 6 days ago This is the same guy as UncleSlayton and OhioRepublic. You should reply to them instead! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago There are no good outcomes with him leading New York. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago Yea none for Americans but for illegals there will be permalink parent award report block reply
OhioRepublic 6 points 6 days ago You realize if Mamcommie is successful, NYC will be a communist dystopia? permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 5 points 6 days ago Which of his lies do I think is going to come true? How is success defined here? By the amount of useful idiots that are still following him after his term ends? Is he successful if he has the Islamic call to prayer broadcast all over the city 5 times a day? permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 6 days ago Success could be defined as less crime, budget surplus I dont know .. stuff like that. We should make a two column table though with success on one side and failure on the other and see how he does. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BeauHD -1 points 6 days ago This is the same guy as UncleSlayton and OhioRepublic. You should reply to them instead! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
TruculentGoose 1 points 6 days ago Success could be defined as less crime, budget surplus I dont know .. stuff like that. We should make a two column table though with success on one side and failure on the other and see how he does. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BeauHD -1 points 6 days ago This is the same guy as UncleSlayton and OhioRepublic. You should reply to them instead! permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
henri_derelicte 2 points 6 days ago There are no good outcomes with him leading New York. permalink parent award report block reply TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago Yea none for Americans but for illegals there will be permalink parent award report block reply
TruculentGoose 1 points 5 days ago Yea none for Americans but for illegals there will be permalink parent award report block reply
Light_HIV_Effect 6 points 6 days ago Local elections matter They're burning down the cities with their awful policies, thereby distilling the concentration of democrats as all the sane republicans leave for southern states. Then they import millions of illegals to keep their apportionment up between the decades of censuses. Trump needs to run a census NOW before the midterms and before inevitable challenges come to representation. If they don't get that done, the country is lost after the midterms. permalink award report block reply texas4ever 3 points 6 days ago That and the Supreme Court has to get rid of the racial gerrymandering...for the midterms, that could be the single most important factor. We still also need to show up. permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 5 days ago Democrats have conquered lots of cities and states using techniques that work like ballot harvesting and suicidal empathy.  But they are very organized and speak the same strategy even when they don't agree with it. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 3 points 6 days ago That and the Supreme Court has to get rid of the racial gerrymandering...for the midterms, that could be the single most important factor. We still also need to show up. permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 5 days ago Democrats have conquered lots of cities and states using techniques that work like ballot harvesting and suicidal empathy.  But they are very organized and speak the same strategy even when they don't agree with it. permalink parent award report block reply
Bastard 5 points 6 days ago No question about it. permalink award report block reply
MythArcana 4 points 6 days ago They have been doing exactly just that way before Trump got into politics, believe me. permalink award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 3 points 6 days ago the first part is true.  they don't give a damn about anything or anyone else. permalink award report block reply
magapatriot_pa 3 points 6 days ago For democrats, America failing IS their success. They want us to be like every other third world nation on earth permalink award report block reply
ThorsonTT 3 points 6 days ago All they concern themselves with is power and profit. permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 2 points 6 days ago The Democratic party is now the foreigners party and it's sole purpose is to see America fail. Trump's not a factor. They don't hate Trump, they hate us. permalink award report block reply
HoganT 2 points 6 days ago Aaaand, how do you feel about New York City right now? permalink award report block reply
RoninIV 2 points 6 days ago This is absolutely true permalink award report block reply
Constitution_1788 2 points 6 days ago This goes without saying. I say it’s like hating the pilot of your plane so much you hope he fails. Peak idiocy. permalink award report block reply
georock 2 points 6 days ago democrats want both of those things permalink award report block reply
ColonelKlink 2 points 6 days ago Their policies are to destroy America. permalink award report block reply
least_counties_ever 2 points 6 days ago Democrats want America to fail anyway.  They didn't need Trump for that. permalink award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 6 days ago They are not democrats; they are communists. permalink award report block reply
DrTar 1 points 5 days ago I doubt many of them need Trump as an excuse for wanting the country to fail. That's their normal setting no matter who's in charge. permalink award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 1 points 5 days ago That photo makes me miss the golden days. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 1 points 6 days ago Their ideology is self-loathing and nihilism, projected outwards. Put them in any country and it's the same from them. permalink award report block reply
sod_off_shotgun 1 points 5 days ago No it is America they don't want to be successful permalink award report block reply
Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 5 days ago I don't think Trump is their motivation to do so. They've wanted to destroy America since Obama. Trump just shined a spotlight on them. Their survival instinct changed from cockroach to moth. permalink award report block reply
Laffing_Again 1 points 5 days ago Same as liberal women in a marriage? permalink award report block reply
PunishedSnek 1 points 5 days ago They hate America. They want it to fail in every way when they win or lose. permalink award report block reply
Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 6 days ago You don't even need the second part of that statement. Democrats want America to fail. Period. permalink award report block reply
xkgb 1 points 6 days ago Honestly success for Trump would be the end of the democratic party. permalink award report block reply
HumblePepe 1 points 6 days ago I mean, they did elect someone who literally spoke about killing his opponent and their children. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 6 days ago Indeed. What scares me on immigration is that they’ll likely offer re-entry plus a fast track to citizenship to any illegal alien the Trump administration is deporting due to unspecified “human rights abuses.” We have to destroy the Democrats to save America, there’s no other option permalink award report block reply
ViagraFalls 1 points 5 days ago The Democrats succeeding IS America failing permalink award report block reply
MAGA_ME 1 points 5 days ago They say the same thing about us when they have the presidency. permalink award report block reply
JesusTheOnlyWay 1 points 6 days ago Wow, cutting edge rhetoric. All these hard hitting memes will surely make a difference. As radical Muslim communists take over the big cities. At least we in Canada are aware how screwed we are.... permalink award report block reply
breadbaker 1 points 6 days ago Crowder is just another suck-ass click-bait new media Rino-in-waiting asshat. permalink award report block reply
Naught0 1 points 5 days ago They want the Country to fail AND Trump to fail. permalink award report block reply
canada_is_communist 1 points 6 days ago These fucekrs cant even boycott Nintendo when it took down emulators (including many legal ones) or Reddit when it killed all 3rd party apps lol, they cant do shit about the US... permalink award report block reply
donalds_stones 1 points 6 days ago That was hard to read permalink award report block reply
TheWhitestOfFangs 1 points 5 days ago Allow me to try to change you mind.
Democrats would rather see America fail.
The rest is a consequence - there is no "rather than" here. permalink award report block reply
rzeszowpatriot 1 points 6 days ago I mean yea obviously lol permalink award report block reply
Wrexxis780 1 points 6 days ago "I feel like the bottom has to fall out at some point... By the way, I'm hoping for it because one way you get rid of Trump is a crashing economy. So please, bring on the recession. Sorry if that hurts people, but it's either root for a recession or you lose your democracy". Faggot Bill Maher permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 5 days ago Guy doesn't know they want America to fail regardless of who's in charge, wild, must be pretty dense permalink award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 1 points 5 days ago They shut it down to stop Trump. Thats the fact. That needs to be the media narrative until the end of time. permalink award report block reply
TrumpTank 0 points 6 days ago Yeah, we know. Trump's... still letting us down though. Whether you want to believe it or not. Worlds better then Kamala so I'm still happy he won. But Trump's doing a shit job, pedos. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 0 points 6 days ago Establishment Republicans too. permalink award report block reply
3stepsahead 0 points 6 days ago Hes doing that on his own by not passing serious fed election reform. permalink award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 0 points 6 days ago yup permalink award report block reply
Tuggy_McTuggboat 0 points 6 days ago They want it to fail. It's the goal to usher in the complete control globalists want. permalink award report block reply