904 Energy Secretary: Trump's Reinvigoration & Expansion Of Coal Industry 'Critical To Our Country' (www.zerohedge.com) posted 2 days ago by Sea_Still 44 comments award share report block Energy Secretary: Trump's Reinvigoration & Expansion Of Coal Industry 'Critical To Our Country' ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero www.zerohedge.com
44 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save SubmarineGuy 20 points 2 days ago Obama did his best to bankrupt the coal industry. He also hated technical schools for some reason and crushed a few of them as well. permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 10 points 2 days ago Maybe he was rejected by a plumber once. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 5 points 2 days ago He declined a pipelaying job. permalink parent award report block reply King_Dorgan 3 points 2 days ago Only because he thought he would more enjoy the pipe receiving job permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 2 days ago Yes, what the shills and doomers here fail to realize is that Trump is reversing all the damage of Obama and Biden, and opening up oil/gas projects at a rate never seen before, but it will take time for prices to come back down as the damage is undone permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -5 points 2 days ago Oil production increased 88% under Obama and hit the highest yearly production in the United States history under Biden. I love what President Trump is doing, but you can't blame their oil policies for prices and pretend everything is their fault while we do nothing but focus on foreign policy and giving away free money from tariffs and health care instead of prices and supply of products and housing. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago U.S. became energy independent for the first time in 70 years under Trump in 2019. Fuck off back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 12 points 2 days ago Wyoming and Montana coal, yes. Appalachian coal should really only be for metallurgical use. Also look into coal bed methane extraction for commercial export. permalink award report block reply MathletesFoot 9 points 2 days ago What's wrong with nuclear? permalink award report block reply Ikon 11 points 2 days ago Nuclear is very nice and should be expanded 100%, but for all the power needs in the present and short future you will need coal to take the majority load. I definitely wanna see nuclear expanding and taking a leading role though. permalink parent award report block reply leanpocket 7 points 2 days ago Nothing is wrong with nuclear. Coal just scales faster. Nuclear takes years. Coal is already built and can be increased now. In an economic contest vs China, quicker energy wins. permalink parent award report block reply Aoikaze2000 2 points 2 days ago It takes a lot to get nuclear up and running, including time to build the reactor.  Maybe a breakthrough will come along to reduce startup time, but that huge initial hurdle is a problem despite the running costs being what they are. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 2 days ago Nuclear is the single most expensive form of power. Nuclear advocates have never looked at the cost of such proposals. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago No it isn't, most of it is national security related - everyone needs to be able to hold a security clearance. Do you know how fucking hard it is to get blue collar workers that can pass a piss test? And then they can't be felons or have bad debts? Oh and on top of that everyone needs to be intelligent... Which means defacto college degree in STEM or ex Navy nuke... Which means higher pay grade... The cost of labor is obscene due to the national security front. Regular power plants are some of the best employers for people right out of prison. An environment they can't get in that much trouble in, which will give them a simple and productive life. They can then pay 24-30 an hour. With some positions for retards and it can go up to 50 or 60 for some very competent and hard working people. Regardless not a billable rate in the hundreds for a recent graduate fuckwit who is lazy. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 days ago view 3 more comments... booblitchutz 4 points 2 days ago The problem with coal and nuclear is finding investors other than the government willing to risk losing it all the next time democrats are in power. I'm hoping the republicans remain MAGA and put the chill into "green" investors, except we all know there's no such thing - it's just NGOs sucking the government teats. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 2 days ago Just work with Peabody to expand the existing mines and give them grants. permalink parent award report block reply popcycle 2 points 2 days ago unfortunately a lot of good well managed coal plants were scrapped under Obama 1,2,3 permalink award report block reply Spacemonkey 2 points 2 days ago I actually enjoy the scent of anthracite. Does that make me weird? permalink award report block reply Geocav 1 points 2 days ago Nope, I burned coal in my old house for heat, good old PA anthracite and I loved the smell outside, no smoke just a faint aroma. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 2 points 2 days ago Put down the delulu anti-carbon cult, and this would be the natural state of things. Seriously consider raising the tariffs on countries that persist with the anti-carbon cult. Obsessed with 'meeting climate goals' or 'reducing emissions', fearmongering about rising sea levels in future, participating in carbon taxes and carbon trading etc. You know which countries those are. permalink award report block reply PatriotDescendant 2 points 2 days ago Coal, but also, NUCLEAR!!! permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 2 days ago Nuclear is the single most expensive form of power. Nuclear advocates have never looked at the cost of such proposals. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotDescendant 1 points 2 days ago I think longer term than 2030. I have grandkids. Lots of 'em. It's expensive now. The analyses I've seen say its relative costs will come down as it normalizes. Meanwhile, the absolute cost of all energies will continue to climb due to AI demand. Nuclear will eventually become the most reliable/available/cost competitive.   By 2050 for certain, sooner if resistance lobbies falter due to need. Yes, nuclear will become cheaper the faster it's pursued--advances, scale efficiencies, etc. Counter? permalink parent award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 2 days ago Clean Coal is THE BEST OPTION! permalink award report block reply HoganT 1 points 2 days ago If we want to compete with China, we must accept their air quality and obtain cheap energy. Especially since we now need to supply AI with electricity with our increased home heating costs, since clearly these poor poor billion dollar valuated companies can’t be burdened with their own enormous energy costs. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago supply AI No. Degrade everyone else's AI instead. Don't build the Killgrid from "Don't Build the Killgrid". permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 1 points 2 days ago We got the tech to make Dirty processes Clean. Like Clean coal. China can do this, but they absolutely hate their own citizens and they are in mad rush to keep producing at the cheapest while sacrificing quality and long term growth. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago Clean coal is bullshit. Cleaner than just burning it in an open pit? Sure. But it ain’t clean, fren. And the processes are so expensive to implement that it basically cancels out the benefits of even going with coal in the first place. That’s why no one does it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 2 days ago And want to spend such exorbitant amounts of money doing it that you might as well be going with another medium anyway. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... BillyBobBrewer 1 points 2 days ago Found the faggot. We should stop burning coal when there is enough capacity built on something more modern to replace it. Not because we are greenie homosexuals who want to sniff our own farts. China builds new coal plants every day while we shut ours down. Our energy is becoming scare and that's why we lose. permalink parent award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 0 points 2 days ago AI is expensive and driving everyone's electricity prices up. permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago But look at all these awful fucking videos we get out of it! permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 -1 points 2 days ago "Clean coal" is  an oxymoron, but I get the jist as it makes a good talking point and we've got the most of it. By its very nature it's dirty, but there's a place for its use with responsible environmental oversight. Scrubbers, catalytic converters, that's sort of thing. Looks like part of that 625 million, President Trump has allotted, will be used for exactly that. Thomas Edison's coal fired plant brought the first electricity to Wall Street. Just can't have them belching smoke like they did in the 19th century, and they haven't in a long time. This is sensible energy policy. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 2 days ago President Trump does. permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 20 points 2 days ago Obama did his best to bankrupt the coal industry. He also hated technical schools for some reason and crushed a few of them as well. permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 10 points 2 days ago Maybe he was rejected by a plumber once. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 5 points 2 days ago He declined a pipelaying job. permalink parent award report block reply King_Dorgan 3 points 2 days ago Only because he thought he would more enjoy the pipe receiving job permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 2 days ago Yes, what the shills and doomers here fail to realize is that Trump is reversing all the damage of Obama and Biden, and opening up oil/gas projects at a rate never seen before, but it will take time for prices to come back down as the damage is undone permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -5 points 2 days ago Oil production increased 88% under Obama and hit the highest yearly production in the United States history under Biden. I love what President Trump is doing, but you can't blame their oil policies for prices and pretend everything is their fault while we do nothing but focus on foreign policy and giving away free money from tariffs and health care instead of prices and supply of products and housing. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago U.S. became energy independent for the first time in 70 years under Trump in 2019. Fuck off back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply
Meister_Bockmist 10 points 2 days ago Maybe he was rejected by a plumber once. permalink parent award report block reply Im_RickSteves_bitch 5 points 2 days ago He declined a pipelaying job. permalink parent award report block reply King_Dorgan 3 points 2 days ago Only because he thought he would more enjoy the pipe receiving job permalink parent award report block reply
Im_RickSteves_bitch 5 points 2 days ago He declined a pipelaying job. permalink parent award report block reply King_Dorgan 3 points 2 days ago Only because he thought he would more enjoy the pipe receiving job permalink parent award report block reply
King_Dorgan 3 points 2 days ago Only because he thought he would more enjoy the pipe receiving job permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 2 days ago Yes, what the shills and doomers here fail to realize is that Trump is reversing all the damage of Obama and Biden, and opening up oil/gas projects at a rate never seen before, but it will take time for prices to come back down as the damage is undone permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -5 points 2 days ago Oil production increased 88% under Obama and hit the highest yearly production in the United States history under Biden. I love what President Trump is doing, but you can't blame their oil policies for prices and pretend everything is their fault while we do nothing but focus on foreign policy and giving away free money from tariffs and health care instead of prices and supply of products and housing. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago U.S. became energy independent for the first time in 70 years under Trump in 2019. Fuck off back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -5 points 2 days ago Oil production increased 88% under Obama and hit the highest yearly production in the United States history under Biden. I love what President Trump is doing, but you can't blame their oil policies for prices and pretend everything is their fault while we do nothing but focus on foreign policy and giving away free money from tariffs and health care instead of prices and supply of products and housing. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago U.S. became energy independent for the first time in 70 years under Trump in 2019. Fuck off back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 3 points 2 days ago U.S. became energy independent for the first time in 70 years under Trump in 2019. Fuck off back to Reddit permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 12 points 2 days ago Wyoming and Montana coal, yes. Appalachian coal should really only be for metallurgical use. Also look into coal bed methane extraction for commercial export. permalink award report block reply
MathletesFoot 9 points 2 days ago What's wrong with nuclear? permalink award report block reply Ikon 11 points 2 days ago Nuclear is very nice and should be expanded 100%, but for all the power needs in the present and short future you will need coal to take the majority load. I definitely wanna see nuclear expanding and taking a leading role though. permalink parent award report block reply leanpocket 7 points 2 days ago Nothing is wrong with nuclear. Coal just scales faster. Nuclear takes years. Coal is already built and can be increased now. In an economic contest vs China, quicker energy wins. permalink parent award report block reply Aoikaze2000 2 points 2 days ago It takes a lot to get nuclear up and running, including time to build the reactor.  Maybe a breakthrough will come along to reduce startup time, but that huge initial hurdle is a problem despite the running costs being what they are. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -2 points 2 days ago Nuclear is the single most expensive form of power. Nuclear advocates have never looked at the cost of such proposals. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago No it isn't, most of it is national security related - everyone needs to be able to hold a security clearance. Do you know how fucking hard it is to get blue collar workers that can pass a piss test? And then they can't be felons or have bad debts? Oh and on top of that everyone needs to be intelligent... Which means defacto college degree in STEM or ex Navy nuke... Which means higher pay grade... The cost of labor is obscene due to the national security front. Regular power plants are some of the best employers for people right out of prison. An environment they can't get in that much trouble in, which will give them a simple and productive life. They can then pay 24-30 an hour. With some positions for retards and it can go up to 50 or 60 for some very competent and hard working people. Regardless not a billable rate in the hundreds for a recent graduate fuckwit who is lazy. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 days ago view 3 more comments...
Ikon 11 points 2 days ago Nuclear is very nice and should be expanded 100%, but for all the power needs in the present and short future you will need coal to take the majority load. I definitely wanna see nuclear expanding and taking a leading role though. permalink parent award report block reply
leanpocket 7 points 2 days ago Nothing is wrong with nuclear. Coal just scales faster. Nuclear takes years. Coal is already built and can be increased now. In an economic contest vs China, quicker energy wins. permalink parent award report block reply
Aoikaze2000 2 points 2 days ago It takes a lot to get nuclear up and running, including time to build the reactor.  Maybe a breakthrough will come along to reduce startup time, but that huge initial hurdle is a problem despite the running costs being what they are. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -2 points 2 days ago Nuclear is the single most expensive form of power. Nuclear advocates have never looked at the cost of such proposals. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 0 points 2 days ago RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago No it isn't, most of it is national security related - everyone needs to be able to hold a security clearance. Do you know how fucking hard it is to get blue collar workers that can pass a piss test? And then they can't be felons or have bad debts? Oh and on top of that everyone needs to be intelligent... Which means defacto college degree in STEM or ex Navy nuke... Which means higher pay grade... The cost of labor is obscene due to the national security front. Regular power plants are some of the best employers for people right out of prison. An environment they can't get in that much trouble in, which will give them a simple and productive life. They can then pay 24-30 an hour. With some positions for retards and it can go up to 50 or 60 for some very competent and hard working people. Regardless not a billable rate in the hundreds for a recent graduate fuckwit who is lazy. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 days ago view 3 more comments...
deleted 0 points 2 days ago RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago No it isn't, most of it is national security related - everyone needs to be able to hold a security clearance. Do you know how fucking hard it is to get blue collar workers that can pass a piss test? And then they can't be felons or have bad debts? Oh and on top of that everyone needs to be intelligent... Which means defacto college degree in STEM or ex Navy nuke... Which means higher pay grade... The cost of labor is obscene due to the national security front. Regular power plants are some of the best employers for people right out of prison. An environment they can't get in that much trouble in, which will give them a simple and productive life. They can then pay 24-30 an hour. With some positions for retards and it can go up to 50 or 60 for some very competent and hard working people. Regardless not a billable rate in the hundreds for a recent graduate fuckwit who is lazy. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 days ago view 3 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 2 days ago No it isn't, most of it is national security related - everyone needs to be able to hold a security clearance. Do you know how fucking hard it is to get blue collar workers that can pass a piss test? And then they can't be felons or have bad debts? Oh and on top of that everyone needs to be intelligent... Which means defacto college degree in STEM or ex Navy nuke... Which means higher pay grade... The cost of labor is obscene due to the national security front. Regular power plants are some of the best employers for people right out of prison. An environment they can't get in that much trouble in, which will give them a simple and productive life. They can then pay 24-30 an hour. With some positions for retards and it can go up to 50 or 60 for some very competent and hard working people. Regardless not a billable rate in the hundreds for a recent graduate fuckwit who is lazy. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 2 days ago view 3 more comments...
deleted 1 points 2 days ago view 3 more comments...
booblitchutz 4 points 2 days ago The problem with coal and nuclear is finding investors other than the government willing to risk losing it all the next time democrats are in power. I'm hoping the republicans remain MAGA and put the chill into "green" investors, except we all know there's no such thing - it's just NGOs sucking the government teats. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 2 days ago Just work with Peabody to expand the existing mines and give them grants. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 2 days ago Just work with Peabody to expand the existing mines and give them grants. permalink parent award report block reply
popcycle 2 points 2 days ago unfortunately a lot of good well managed coal plants were scrapped under Obama 1,2,3 permalink award report block reply
Spacemonkey 2 points 2 days ago I actually enjoy the scent of anthracite. Does that make me weird? permalink award report block reply Geocav 1 points 2 days ago Nope, I burned coal in my old house for heat, good old PA anthracite and I loved the smell outside, no smoke just a faint aroma. permalink parent award report block reply
Geocav 1 points 2 days ago Nope, I burned coal in my old house for heat, good old PA anthracite and I loved the smell outside, no smoke just a faint aroma. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 2 points 2 days ago Put down the delulu anti-carbon cult, and this would be the natural state of things. Seriously consider raising the tariffs on countries that persist with the anti-carbon cult. Obsessed with 'meeting climate goals' or 'reducing emissions', fearmongering about rising sea levels in future, participating in carbon taxes and carbon trading etc. You know which countries those are. permalink award report block reply
PatriotDescendant 2 points 2 days ago Coal, but also, NUCLEAR!!! permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState -1 points 2 days ago Nuclear is the single most expensive form of power. Nuclear advocates have never looked at the cost of such proposals. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotDescendant 1 points 2 days ago I think longer term than 2030. I have grandkids. Lots of 'em. It's expensive now. The analyses I've seen say its relative costs will come down as it normalizes. Meanwhile, the absolute cost of all energies will continue to climb due to AI demand. Nuclear will eventually become the most reliable/available/cost competitive.   By 2050 for certain, sooner if resistance lobbies falter due to need. Yes, nuclear will become cheaper the faster it's pursued--advances, scale efficiencies, etc. Counter? permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState -1 points 2 days ago Nuclear is the single most expensive form of power. Nuclear advocates have never looked at the cost of such proposals. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotDescendant 1 points 2 days ago I think longer term than 2030. I have grandkids. Lots of 'em. It's expensive now. The analyses I've seen say its relative costs will come down as it normalizes. Meanwhile, the absolute cost of all energies will continue to climb due to AI demand. Nuclear will eventually become the most reliable/available/cost competitive.   By 2050 for certain, sooner if resistance lobbies falter due to need. Yes, nuclear will become cheaper the faster it's pursued--advances, scale efficiencies, etc. Counter? permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotDescendant 1 points 2 days ago I think longer term than 2030. I have grandkids. Lots of 'em. It's expensive now. The analyses I've seen say its relative costs will come down as it normalizes. Meanwhile, the absolute cost of all energies will continue to climb due to AI demand. Nuclear will eventually become the most reliable/available/cost competitive.   By 2050 for certain, sooner if resistance lobbies falter due to need. Yes, nuclear will become cheaper the faster it's pursued--advances, scale efficiencies, etc. Counter? permalink parent award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 2 days ago Clean Coal is THE BEST OPTION! permalink award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 2 days ago If we want to compete with China, we must accept their air quality and obtain cheap energy. Especially since we now need to supply AI with electricity with our increased home heating costs, since clearly these poor poor billion dollar valuated companies can’t be burdened with their own enormous energy costs. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago supply AI No. Degrade everyone else's AI instead. Don't build the Killgrid from "Don't Build the Killgrid". permalink parent award report block reply DT170x 1 points 2 days ago We got the tech to make Dirty processes Clean. Like Clean coal. China can do this, but they absolutely hate their own citizens and they are in mad rush to keep producing at the cheapest while sacrificing quality and long term growth. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago Clean coal is bullshit. Cleaner than just burning it in an open pit? Sure. But it ain’t clean, fren. And the processes are so expensive to implement that it basically cancels out the benefits of even going with coal in the first place. That’s why no one does it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 2 days ago And want to spend such exorbitant amounts of money doing it that you might as well be going with another medium anyway. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... BillyBobBrewer 1 points 2 days ago Found the faggot. We should stop burning coal when there is enough capacity built on something more modern to replace it. Not because we are greenie homosexuals who want to sniff our own farts. China builds new coal plants every day while we shut ours down. Our energy is becoming scare and that's why we lose. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago supply AI No. Degrade everyone else's AI instead. Don't build the Killgrid from "Don't Build the Killgrid". permalink parent award report block reply
DT170x 1 points 2 days ago We got the tech to make Dirty processes Clean. Like Clean coal. China can do this, but they absolutely hate their own citizens and they are in mad rush to keep producing at the cheapest while sacrificing quality and long term growth. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago Clean coal is bullshit. Cleaner than just burning it in an open pit? Sure. But it ain’t clean, fren. And the processes are so expensive to implement that it basically cancels out the benefits of even going with coal in the first place. That’s why no one does it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 2 days ago And want to spend such exorbitant amounts of money doing it that you might as well be going with another medium anyway. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... BillyBobBrewer 1 points 2 days ago Found the faggot. We should stop burning coal when there is enough capacity built on something more modern to replace it. Not because we are greenie homosexuals who want to sniff our own farts. China builds new coal plants every day while we shut ours down. Our energy is becoming scare and that's why we lose. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -3 points 2 days ago Clean coal is bullshit. Cleaner than just burning it in an open pit? Sure. But it ain’t clean, fren. And the processes are so expensive to implement that it basically cancels out the benefits of even going with coal in the first place. That’s why no one does it. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 3 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 2 days ago And want to spend such exorbitant amounts of money doing it that you might as well be going with another medium anyway. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... BillyBobBrewer 1 points 2 days ago Found the faggot. We should stop burning coal when there is enough capacity built on something more modern to replace it. Not because we are greenie homosexuals who want to sniff our own farts. China builds new coal plants every day while we shut ours down. Our energy is becoming scare and that's why we lose. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 3 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -1 points 2 days ago And want to spend such exorbitant amounts of money doing it that you might as well be going with another medium anyway. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
HoganT -1 points 2 days ago And want to spend such exorbitant amounts of money doing it that you might as well be going with another medium anyway. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
BillyBobBrewer 1 points 2 days ago Found the faggot. We should stop burning coal when there is enough capacity built on something more modern to replace it. Not because we are greenie homosexuals who want to sniff our own farts. China builds new coal plants every day while we shut ours down. Our energy is becoming scare and that's why we lose. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 0 points 2 days ago AI is expensive and driving everyone's electricity prices up. permalink award report block reply HoganT 0 points 2 days ago But look at all these awful fucking videos we get out of it! permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 2 days ago But look at all these awful fucking videos we get out of it! permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 -1 points 2 days ago "Clean coal" is  an oxymoron, but I get the jist as it makes a good talking point and we've got the most of it. By its very nature it's dirty, but there's a place for its use with responsible environmental oversight. Scrubbers, catalytic converters, that's sort of thing. Looks like part of that 625 million, President Trump has allotted, will be used for exactly that. Thomas Edison's coal fired plant brought the first electricity to Wall Street. Just can't have them belching smoke like they did in the 19th century, and they haven't in a long time. This is sensible energy policy. permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 2 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 2 days ago President Trump does. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 2 points 2 days ago North Antelope Rochelle is the lowest sulfur coal in the world, and fly ash risk is easily minimized if you give half a fuck. permalink parent award report block reply airborne3502 2 points 2 days ago President Trump does. permalink parent award report block reply
airborne3502 2 points 2 days ago President Trump does. permalink parent award report block reply