157 Absolute Legend. This is happens when White Christian man literally defends his cross from Jihad 🔥🏛️ MURDEROUS LEFT 🏛️🔥 posted 3 hours ago by AmannamedRJ 5 comments award share download report block
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style AmannamedRJ OP 13 points 3 hours ago A man literally named Jihad and at least 3 other conspirators stole a cross off his neck. He defended his cross. Stood his ground. Was bloodied, bruised and even falsely arrested. Fortunately he kept his life. But this act alone made him a legend. Trump - or more specifically Scam Blondi and Kash "Saar" Patel need to do their fucking jobs and start going hard on Antifa scum. There is absolutely no reason why we are continuing to accomidate the left's political violence. Going to a protest should not result in being robbed and bloodied - period and for this to happen so soon after Charlie Kirk's Assassination and the declaration of Antifa as terrorists is a black stain on this administration. Tom Homan proves that Scam and Patel are doing fuck and all. permalink award report block reply SpaceWizard 8 points 2 hours ago He is a brave man, glad he's on our side. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 hours ago wearing a Freedom shirt Charlie's fans are their next target. #MainstreamMediaMadness permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 4 points 1 hour ago I watched the video. Someone spread out that checkered Palestine rag to block the camera person's view. I ALSO saw that black cop Purposely drive this guy's face into the concrete while "cuffing" him. The blue ain't our friend, ESPECIALLY in Kalifornistan permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 4 points 1 hour ago Look at the mongrel cop. permalink award report block reply
AmannamedRJ OP 13 points 3 hours ago A man literally named Jihad and at least 3 other conspirators stole a cross off his neck. He defended his cross. Stood his ground. Was bloodied, bruised and even falsely arrested. Fortunately he kept his life. But this act alone made him a legend. Trump - or more specifically Scam Blondi and Kash "Saar" Patel need to do their fucking jobs and start going hard on Antifa scum. There is absolutely no reason why we are continuing to accomidate the left's political violence. Going to a protest should not result in being robbed and bloodied - period and for this to happen so soon after Charlie Kirk's Assassination and the declaration of Antifa as terrorists is a black stain on this administration. Tom Homan proves that Scam and Patel are doing fuck and all. permalink award report block reply
SpaceWizard 8 points 2 hours ago He is a brave man, glad he's on our side. permalink award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 hours ago wearing a Freedom shirt Charlie's fans are their next target. #MainstreamMediaMadness permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 4 points 1 hour ago I watched the video. Someone spread out that checkered Palestine rag to block the camera person's view. I ALSO saw that black cop Purposely drive this guy's face into the concrete while "cuffing" him. The blue ain't our friend, ESPECIALLY in Kalifornistan permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 4 points 1 hour ago Look at the mongrel cop. permalink award report block reply