74 JESSE KELLY: "If we hurry up and get these foreigners their papers now, maybe they can still qualify for a $2000 stimulus check while the rest of us go to work?" ---> in response to DHS Secretary Noem on H-1Bs:"More people are becoming citizens under this admin than ever before." posted 8 hours ago by bleeje 17 comments award share report block Jesse Kelly @JesseKellyDC • 8h If we hurry up and get these foreigners their papers now, maybe they can still qualify for a $2000 stimulus check while the rest of us go to work? Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 10h NOW - DHS Secretary Noem on H-1Bs: "Under the Trump admin, we've sped up our process and added integrity to the visa programs, to green cards, to all of that, but also more people are becoming naturalized under this admin than ever before. More people are becoming citizens."
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Mamapedia 12 points 8 hours ago "While the rest of us go to work" - except for the ones who have been replaced by cheap foreign labor, on shore or off.  This is a line in the sand for me. permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 8 points 8 hours ago As it should be. This is about getting basic necessities essential for living like food and shelter, and some foreigner who hates us, invading and stealing it all. permalink parent award report block reply NadlersNads 12 points 8 hours ago Im never voting again permalink award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 4 points 6 hours ago Yeah it's finally sunk in that it's fairly pointless anymore. I wouldn't have this attitude if something, anything had been done about voter/election fraud. I feel very scammed. A bait & switch if you will. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 7 hours ago Vote from the rooftops fren. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 11 points 8 hours ago This administration has gone off the rails and I don't know why permalink award report block reply current_horror 7 points 6 hours ago It’s really bizarre. They’ve adopted the policies and positions of 10% of their base at the expense of the other 90% (while still alienating the other half of the country). How is the Republican Party planning to carry 2026/2028 with 5% of the electorate? Turns out all that Adelson money had big strings, and the kosher right would rather cede the country to communists than patriots. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 2 points 6 hours ago His base will sit out 2026 and let the chips fall where they may. What a way to squander a mandate permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 3 points 7 hours ago Female appointees permalink parent award report block reply newestofnew 8 points 8 hours ago sometimes I wonder how she got the gig permalink award report block reply Awakened 4 points 7 hours ago You can just watch the Apprentice and see what Trump's big blindspot is and it starts with his dick. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 2 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 5 points 7 hours ago Can we get this thing started before we bring in so many foreigners we won't have a chance. permalink award report block reply Awakened 3 points 7 hours ago Once they lose our support and lose the next election in a giant fashion, they're all going to jail. That cheers me up a little. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 1 points 6 hours ago Same here. When the agenda is no longer pro-American, I absolutely want this administration to fail. permalink parent award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 6 hours ago This is what they always say “criminal illegals”. I hate that I believed any of them. Flood the zone. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 6 hours ago Let propose a yearly federal fee for every H1B-visa worker at a company.  20% of the salary of the H1B-visa worker paid to the federal government.  That money becomes available to US citizens to fund masters level engineering degrees.  It is not available to non-US citizens or stupid majors like DEI. permalink award report block reply
Mamapedia 12 points 8 hours ago "While the rest of us go to work" - except for the ones who have been replaced by cheap foreign labor, on shore or off.  This is a line in the sand for me. permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 8 points 8 hours ago As it should be. This is about getting basic necessities essential for living like food and shelter, and some foreigner who hates us, invading and stealing it all. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje OP 8 points 8 hours ago As it should be. This is about getting basic necessities essential for living like food and shelter, and some foreigner who hates us, invading and stealing it all. permalink parent award report block reply
NadlersNads 12 points 8 hours ago Im never voting again permalink award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 4 points 6 hours ago Yeah it's finally sunk in that it's fairly pointless anymore. I wouldn't have this attitude if something, anything had been done about voter/election fraud. I feel very scammed. A bait & switch if you will. permalink parent award report block reply bratt 1 points 7 hours ago Vote from the rooftops fren. permalink parent award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 4 points 6 hours ago Yeah it's finally sunk in that it's fairly pointless anymore. I wouldn't have this attitude if something, anything had been done about voter/election fraud. I feel very scammed. A bait & switch if you will. permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 1 points 7 hours ago Vote from the rooftops fren. permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 11 points 8 hours ago This administration has gone off the rails and I don't know why permalink award report block reply current_horror 7 points 6 hours ago It’s really bizarre. They’ve adopted the policies and positions of 10% of their base at the expense of the other 90% (while still alienating the other half of the country). How is the Republican Party planning to carry 2026/2028 with 5% of the electorate? Turns out all that Adelson money had big strings, and the kosher right would rather cede the country to communists than patriots. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 2 points 6 hours ago His base will sit out 2026 and let the chips fall where they may. What a way to squander a mandate permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 3 points 7 hours ago Female appointees permalink parent award report block reply
current_horror 7 points 6 hours ago It’s really bizarre. They’ve adopted the policies and positions of 10% of their base at the expense of the other 90% (while still alienating the other half of the country). How is the Republican Party planning to carry 2026/2028 with 5% of the electorate? Turns out all that Adelson money had big strings, and the kosher right would rather cede the country to communists than patriots. permalink parent award report block reply mlp67 2 points 6 hours ago His base will sit out 2026 and let the chips fall where they may. What a way to squander a mandate permalink parent award report block reply
mlp67 2 points 6 hours ago His base will sit out 2026 and let the chips fall where they may. What a way to squander a mandate permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 3 points 7 hours ago Female appointees permalink parent award report block reply
newestofnew 8 points 8 hours ago sometimes I wonder how she got the gig permalink award report block reply Awakened 4 points 7 hours ago You can just watch the Apprentice and see what Trump's big blindspot is and it starts with his dick. permalink parent award report block reply SCHULTZ 2 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 4 points 7 hours ago You can just watch the Apprentice and see what Trump's big blindspot is and it starts with his dick. permalink parent award report block reply
SCHULTZ 2 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
bratt 5 points 7 hours ago Can we get this thing started before we bring in so many foreigners we won't have a chance. permalink award report block reply
Awakened 3 points 7 hours ago Once they lose our support and lose the next election in a giant fashion, they're all going to jail. That cheers me up a little. permalink award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 1 points 6 hours ago Same here. When the agenda is no longer pro-American, I absolutely want this administration to fail. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 1 points 6 hours ago Same here. When the agenda is no longer pro-American, I absolutely want this administration to fail. permalink parent award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 6 hours ago This is what they always say “criminal illegals”. I hate that I believed any of them. Flood the zone. permalink award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 6 hours ago Let propose a yearly federal fee for every H1B-visa worker at a company.  20% of the salary of the H1B-visa worker paid to the federal government.  That money becomes available to US citizens to fund masters level engineering degrees.  It is not available to non-US citizens or stupid majors like DEI. permalink award report block reply