465 If ShitStain had voted YES in 2017, Obamacare would be gone, no enhanced credits would exist, and there would be zero leverage for Democrats to hold funding hostage today. posted 4 days ago by ChristIsKing23 19 comments award share download report block
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 23 Ridiculously Cool Gadgets You'll Want to Buy Immediately Trending Gadget Wizard_Glick 21 points 4 days ago Songbird didn't die soon enough... permalink award report block reply Deadpool 16 points 4 days ago Songbird McStain was a bigger Judas than Hanoi Jane. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 2 points 3 days ago Hanpoi Jane had a point.  Why the fuck were we fighting in Vietnam?  McStain was a hotshot dipshit who endangered his fellow soldiers and got shot down by flying directly at a manually operated AA device against direct orders.  Had already trashed airplanes before that, but got a pass because his daddy was an admiral. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 3 points 4 days ago Can you imagine? An actual traitor, helping the enemy during an official war voted by Congress, gets a three days half mast flag down display and gets honored in a state funeral… a traitor who lied about being tortured (he was well taken care of by the Vietcong for giving them such help in attacking the mission and demoralizing American troops on the airwaves.. never tortured, the opposite) permalink parent award report block reply Wizard_Glick 2 points 3 days ago A true shitstain... permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 17 points 4 days ago Most disgraceful dishonorable caricature of a US Military hero ever. I hate that scumbag but I hate even more that he fooled so many people into thinking he was decent and that he should stand as a symbol of the US military. permalink award report block reply Deadpool 6 points 4 days ago 💯 permalink parent award report block reply Say_what_again 14 points 4 days ago Keep burning in Hell you piece of SHIT permalink award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 3 days ago An actual traitor, helping the enemy during an official war voted by Congress, gets a three days half mast flag down display and gets honored in a state funeral… a traitor who lied about being tortured (he was well taken care of by the Vietcong for giving them such help in attacking the mission and demoralizing American troops on the airwaves.. never tortured, the opposite permalink parent award report block reply ChilledCovfefe 11 points 4 days ago Fucker crawled out of his death bed to fly to the capital and vote.  He was literally dying and would be gone soon,  but he had to stick us all with this shit. permalink award report block reply OlivaireBandaloo 7 points 4 days ago If it hadnt been that demon, it would have been another.  Its all theater.
They dangle carrots to keep us believing then yank it away to demorolize us. Its all.one big game to them.  One big demon cabal giving us the illusion of having control. permalink award report block reply Zippythekid 7 points 4 days ago What a douche, and to think I voted for him. This obamanation of a law should be burned to ashes. permalink award report block reply Dway 6 points 4 days ago He ratted out our troops in Vietnam. He should’ve stayed there permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 6 points 4 days ago That overly dramatic thumbs-down was really a middle finger to every American. permalink award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 6 points 4 days ago I bet he and Cheney are having fun packing eachother's shit tight in hell right now. permalink award report block reply jdemarco2014 5 points 4 days ago I hope he’s getting absolutely tortured in hell I would spit on his corpse permalink award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 4 days ago They would find something else to use as leverage if they didn't have this issue. That's how abusers and bullies work. They'll just find something else to bitch about. permalink award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 4 days ago Being repeatedly raped by the Viet Cong in a cage made him a closet leftist. permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 3 days ago I am pretty sure the way it went was the VC said they knew he was the son of the admiral and would do bat things if he didn't cooperate.  And without any more compulsion he cooperated.  Because McStain was a silver spoon in mouth pampered upper class twit. permalink parent award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 21 points 4 days ago Songbird didn't die soon enough... permalink award report block reply Deadpool 16 points 4 days ago Songbird McStain was a bigger Judas than Hanoi Jane. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 2 points 3 days ago Hanpoi Jane had a point.  Why the fuck were we fighting in Vietnam?  McStain was a hotshot dipshit who endangered his fellow soldiers and got shot down by flying directly at a manually operated AA device against direct orders.  Had already trashed airplanes before that, but got a pass because his daddy was an admiral. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 3 points 4 days ago Can you imagine? An actual traitor, helping the enemy during an official war voted by Congress, gets a three days half mast flag down display and gets honored in a state funeral… a traitor who lied about being tortured (he was well taken care of by the Vietcong for giving them such help in attacking the mission and demoralizing American troops on the airwaves.. never tortured, the opposite) permalink parent award report block reply Wizard_Glick 2 points 3 days ago A true shitstain... permalink parent award report block reply
Deadpool 16 points 4 days ago Songbird McStain was a bigger Judas than Hanoi Jane. permalink parent award report block reply keeman 2 points 3 days ago Hanpoi Jane had a point.  Why the fuck were we fighting in Vietnam?  McStain was a hotshot dipshit who endangered his fellow soldiers and got shot down by flying directly at a manually operated AA device against direct orders.  Had already trashed airplanes before that, but got a pass because his daddy was an admiral. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 2 points 3 days ago Hanpoi Jane had a point.  Why the fuck were we fighting in Vietnam?  McStain was a hotshot dipshit who endangered his fellow soldiers and got shot down by flying directly at a manually operated AA device against direct orders.  Had already trashed airplanes before that, but got a pass because his daddy was an admiral. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 3 points 4 days ago Can you imagine? An actual traitor, helping the enemy during an official war voted by Congress, gets a three days half mast flag down display and gets honored in a state funeral… a traitor who lied about being tortured (he was well taken care of by the Vietcong for giving them such help in attacking the mission and demoralizing American troops on the airwaves.. never tortured, the opposite) permalink parent award report block reply Wizard_Glick 2 points 3 days ago A true shitstain... permalink parent award report block reply
Wizard_Glick 2 points 3 days ago A true shitstain... permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 17 points 4 days ago Most disgraceful dishonorable caricature of a US Military hero ever. I hate that scumbag but I hate even more that he fooled so many people into thinking he was decent and that he should stand as a symbol of the US military. permalink award report block reply Deadpool 6 points 4 days ago 💯 permalink parent award report block reply
Deadpool 6 points 4 days ago 💯 permalink parent award report block reply
Say_what_again 14 points 4 days ago Keep burning in Hell you piece of SHIT permalink award report block reply snoopy3210 1 points 3 days ago An actual traitor, helping the enemy during an official war voted by Congress, gets a three days half mast flag down display and gets honored in a state funeral… a traitor who lied about being tortured (he was well taken care of by the Vietcong for giving them such help in attacking the mission and demoralizing American troops on the airwaves.. never tortured, the opposite permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 1 points 3 days ago An actual traitor, helping the enemy during an official war voted by Congress, gets a three days half mast flag down display and gets honored in a state funeral… a traitor who lied about being tortured (he was well taken care of by the Vietcong for giving them such help in attacking the mission and demoralizing American troops on the airwaves.. never tortured, the opposite permalink parent award report block reply
ChilledCovfefe 11 points 4 days ago Fucker crawled out of his death bed to fly to the capital and vote.  He was literally dying and would be gone soon,  but he had to stick us all with this shit. permalink award report block reply
OlivaireBandaloo 7 points 4 days ago If it hadnt been that demon, it would have been another.  Its all theater.
They dangle carrots to keep us believing then yank it away to demorolize us. Its all.one big game to them.  One big demon cabal giving us the illusion of having control. permalink award report block reply
Zippythekid 7 points 4 days ago What a douche, and to think I voted for him. This obamanation of a law should be burned to ashes. permalink award report block reply
Dway 6 points 4 days ago He ratted out our troops in Vietnam. He should’ve stayed there permalink award report block reply
BlackJack1776 6 points 4 days ago That overly dramatic thumbs-down was really a middle finger to every American. permalink award report block reply
Bidensmellslikepiss 6 points 4 days ago I bet he and Cheney are having fun packing eachother's shit tight in hell right now. permalink award report block reply
jdemarco2014 5 points 4 days ago I hope he’s getting absolutely tortured in hell I would spit on his corpse permalink award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 1 points 4 days ago They would find something else to use as leverage if they didn't have this issue. That's how abusers and bullies work. They'll just find something else to bitch about. permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 1 points 4 days ago Being repeatedly raped by the Viet Cong in a cage made him a closet leftist. permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 3 days ago I am pretty sure the way it went was the VC said they knew he was the son of the admiral and would do bat things if he didn't cooperate.  And without any more compulsion he cooperated.  Because McStain was a silver spoon in mouth pampered upper class twit. permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 1 points 3 days ago I am pretty sure the way it went was the VC said they knew he was the son of the admiral and would do bat things if he didn't cooperate.  And without any more compulsion he cooperated.  Because McStain was a silver spoon in mouth pampered upper class twit. permalink parent award report block reply