349 Catturd: If you’re a conservative influencer, keep your head on a swivel. 

The violent left wants to kill you.

I learned that lesson the hard way this weekend. posted 21 hours ago by I-am-Orlando PRO 16 comments award share download report block
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Scumbag-reddit 16 points 20 hours ago So what happened permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 11 points 19 hours ago Yeah what happened? This was all I could find: it happened three days ago and made Newsweek. https://www.newsweek.com/catturd-sparks-maga-uproar-legal-troubles-swatting-11017604 CT said it was "way worse than swatting" and was a "legal matter" that he can't yet discuss online. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 14 points 19 hours ago From the article above: "It's a miracle I'm still here," he said in another post, and when another X user wrote: "Oh no I hope you didn't get swatted again," he replied: "Way worst [sic]." Another user wrote: "Please tell me you were not swatted again," and he replied "1,000 times worse." MAGA figures reacted with outrage. An account called 0Hour, who Catturd said had supported him, wrote: "I'm not Catturd I will find you and make sure you sit in a jail cell. Unlike Catturd, I have the skills and crew to find you. F*** around and find out." In another post he wrote: "There was an emergency a delicate matter I’m not allowed to speak on it. This has to do with Catturd and others. You will know soon enough wait for his post." permalink parent award report block reply Coprolite 3 points 20 hours ago Some boomer got a taste of the modern reality. permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 13 points 20 hours ago He has been doxed several times and knows all the local police, so when he is doxed, they don't send in the SWAT teams.  It must be something else.  He has some big dogs and lives on a ranch, so if someone tried doing something at his house, they have to get through the dogs. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago I imagine some transvestite tried to trespass on his property, and likely got his lady dick and femme balls blown off, and now CT has to go to court to be cleared for a Stand Your Ground act of self defense. Time for Dems to grow up and live in reality again, if at all possible. Boomers are armed to the teeth. Really all of MAGA, all over. I hope CT caught Antifa breaking into his house, waited for them to gain legal entry and saved us all a lot of taxpayer money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 11 hours ago It’s not like he is a private figure at this point and most people know where he lives. One could just look up the court docket permalink parent award report block reply I-am-Orlando OP PRO 10 points 20 hours ago Link https://x.com/catturd2/status/1988420137440211223?s=20 permalink award report block reply NadlersNads 9 points 20 hours ago Is ANYONE on team MAGA READY TO RESORT TO VIOLENCE?? Cuz we fucking need TONS of it permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago All under Stand Your Ground/Castle Doctrine legal self defense. That's what Dems don't seem to comprehend. They can't act like feral subhumans or else they end their own lives with extreme prejudice, per US law. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 5 points 17 hours ago If you are relying on the courts expect to do a lot of time.  We don't live in a lawful society right now.  We need to act accordingly until that is restored.  Consider it Pre-Martial law. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 16 hours ago You could also consider it pre marital law. Nearly the same thing ;) permalink parent award report block reply 0care 2 points 19 hours ago at least in free states permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 0 points 17 hours ago Just waiting for the "Pros" to establish a foothold and I would gladly support. permalink parent award report block reply rightoverthere 3 points 19 hours ago deep state included permalink award report block reply newestofnew -1 points 20 hours ago who cares about our political enemies determined to use state power against us when the regain power we have the needs of a foreign country to focus on. and don't you dare think the first amendment means that you can say mean things about them, well come get you if you do. we'll ignore the domestic terrorists in Antifa but will definitely come get you for saying mean things about certain people. permalink award report block reply SimaYi -2 points 10 hours ago Fucking boomer. permalink award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 16 points 20 hours ago So what happened permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 11 points 19 hours ago Yeah what happened? This was all I could find: it happened three days ago and made Newsweek. https://www.newsweek.com/catturd-sparks-maga-uproar-legal-troubles-swatting-11017604 CT said it was "way worse than swatting" and was a "legal matter" that he can't yet discuss online. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 14 points 19 hours ago From the article above: "It's a miracle I'm still here," he said in another post, and when another X user wrote: "Oh no I hope you didn't get swatted again," he replied: "Way worst [sic]." Another user wrote: "Please tell me you were not swatted again," and he replied "1,000 times worse." MAGA figures reacted with outrage. An account called 0Hour, who Catturd said had supported him, wrote: "I'm not Catturd I will find you and make sure you sit in a jail cell. Unlike Catturd, I have the skills and crew to find you. F*** around and find out." In another post he wrote: "There was an emergency a delicate matter I’m not allowed to speak on it. This has to do with Catturd and others. You will know soon enough wait for his post." permalink parent award report block reply Coprolite 3 points 20 hours ago Some boomer got a taste of the modern reality. permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 13 points 20 hours ago He has been doxed several times and knows all the local police, so when he is doxed, they don't send in the SWAT teams.  It must be something else.  He has some big dogs and lives on a ranch, so if someone tried doing something at his house, they have to get through the dogs. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago I imagine some transvestite tried to trespass on his property, and likely got his lady dick and femme balls blown off, and now CT has to go to court to be cleared for a Stand Your Ground act of self defense. Time for Dems to grow up and live in reality again, if at all possible. Boomers are armed to the teeth. Really all of MAGA, all over. I hope CT caught Antifa breaking into his house, waited for them to gain legal entry and saved us all a lot of taxpayer money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 11 hours ago It’s not like he is a private figure at this point and most people know where he lives. One could just look up the court docket permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 11 points 19 hours ago Yeah what happened? This was all I could find: it happened three days ago and made Newsweek. https://www.newsweek.com/catturd-sparks-maga-uproar-legal-troubles-swatting-11017604 CT said it was "way worse than swatting" and was a "legal matter" that he can't yet discuss online. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 14 points 19 hours ago From the article above: "It's a miracle I'm still here," he said in another post, and when another X user wrote: "Oh no I hope you didn't get swatted again," he replied: "Way worst [sic]." Another user wrote: "Please tell me you were not swatted again," and he replied "1,000 times worse." MAGA figures reacted with outrage. An account called 0Hour, who Catturd said had supported him, wrote: "I'm not Catturd I will find you and make sure you sit in a jail cell. Unlike Catturd, I have the skills and crew to find you. F*** around and find out." In another post he wrote: "There was an emergency a delicate matter I’m not allowed to speak on it. This has to do with Catturd and others. You will know soon enough wait for his post." permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 14 points 19 hours ago From the article above: "It's a miracle I'm still here," he said in another post, and when another X user wrote: "Oh no I hope you didn't get swatted again," he replied: "Way worst [sic]." Another user wrote: "Please tell me you were not swatted again," and he replied "1,000 times worse." MAGA figures reacted with outrage. An account called 0Hour, who Catturd said had supported him, wrote: "I'm not Catturd I will find you and make sure you sit in a jail cell. Unlike Catturd, I have the skills and crew to find you. F*** around and find out." In another post he wrote: "There was an emergency a delicate matter I’m not allowed to speak on it. This has to do with Catturd and others. You will know soon enough wait for his post." permalink parent award report block reply
Coprolite 3 points 20 hours ago Some boomer got a taste of the modern reality. permalink parent award report block reply imnotdeadyet 13 points 20 hours ago He has been doxed several times and knows all the local police, so when he is doxed, they don't send in the SWAT teams.  It must be something else.  He has some big dogs and lives on a ranch, so if someone tried doing something at his house, they have to get through the dogs. permalink parent award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago I imagine some transvestite tried to trespass on his property, and likely got his lady dick and femme balls blown off, and now CT has to go to court to be cleared for a Stand Your Ground act of self defense. Time for Dems to grow up and live in reality again, if at all possible. Boomers are armed to the teeth. Really all of MAGA, all over. I hope CT caught Antifa breaking into his house, waited for them to gain legal entry and saved us all a lot of taxpayer money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 11 hours ago It’s not like he is a private figure at this point and most people know where he lives. One could just look up the court docket permalink parent award report block reply
imnotdeadyet 13 points 20 hours ago He has been doxed several times and knows all the local police, so when he is doxed, they don't send in the SWAT teams.  It must be something else.  He has some big dogs and lives on a ranch, so if someone tried doing something at his house, they have to get through the dogs. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago I imagine some transvestite tried to trespass on his property, and likely got his lady dick and femme balls blown off, and now CT has to go to court to be cleared for a Stand Your Ground act of self defense. Time for Dems to grow up and live in reality again, if at all possible. Boomers are armed to the teeth. Really all of MAGA, all over. I hope CT caught Antifa breaking into his house, waited for them to gain legal entry and saved us all a lot of taxpayer money. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby 1 points 11 hours ago It’s not like he is a private figure at this point and most people know where he lives. One could just look up the court docket permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 1 points 11 hours ago It’s not like he is a private figure at this point and most people know where he lives. One could just look up the court docket permalink parent award report block reply
I-am-Orlando OP PRO 10 points 20 hours ago Link https://x.com/catturd2/status/1988420137440211223?s=20 permalink award report block reply
NadlersNads 9 points 20 hours ago Is ANYONE on team MAGA READY TO RESORT TO VIOLENCE?? Cuz we fucking need TONS of it permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago All under Stand Your Ground/Castle Doctrine legal self defense. That's what Dems don't seem to comprehend. They can't act like feral subhumans or else they end their own lives with extreme prejudice, per US law. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 5 points 17 hours ago If you are relying on the courts expect to do a lot of time.  We don't live in a lawful society right now.  We need to act accordingly until that is restored.  Consider it Pre-Martial law. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 16 hours ago You could also consider it pre marital law. Nearly the same thing ;) permalink parent award report block reply 0care 2 points 19 hours ago at least in free states permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 0 points 17 hours ago Just waiting for the "Pros" to establish a foothold and I would gladly support. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 5 points 19 hours ago All under Stand Your Ground/Castle Doctrine legal self defense. That's what Dems don't seem to comprehend. They can't act like feral subhumans or else they end their own lives with extreme prejudice, per US law. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 5 points 17 hours ago If you are relying on the courts expect to do a lot of time.  We don't live in a lawful society right now.  We need to act accordingly until that is restored.  Consider it Pre-Martial law. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 16 hours ago You could also consider it pre marital law. Nearly the same thing ;) permalink parent award report block reply 0care 2 points 19 hours ago at least in free states permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 5 points 17 hours ago If you are relying on the courts expect to do a lot of time.  We don't live in a lawful society right now.  We need to act accordingly until that is restored.  Consider it Pre-Martial law. permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 16 hours ago You could also consider it pre marital law. Nearly the same thing ;) permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 16 hours ago You could also consider it pre marital law. Nearly the same thing ;) permalink parent award report block reply
0care 2 points 19 hours ago at least in free states permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 0 points 17 hours ago Just waiting for the "Pros" to establish a foothold and I would gladly support. permalink parent award report block reply
rightoverthere 3 points 19 hours ago deep state included permalink award report block reply
newestofnew -1 points 20 hours ago who cares about our political enemies determined to use state power against us when the regain power we have the needs of a foreign country to focus on. and don't you dare think the first amendment means that you can say mean things about them, well come get you if you do. we'll ignore the domestic terrorists in Antifa but will definitely come get you for saying mean things about certain people. permalink award report block reply
SimaYi -2 points 10 hours ago Fucking boomer. permalink award report block reply