247 If you've reached the point where you feel you have to wear anti rape pants, it's time to accept that there's a problem.

That problem is immigration. 

Retards will do literally anything other than remove the rapey foreigners posted 3 hours ago by MADASHELLNEWS 36 comments award share report block Steve Laws @Steve_Laws_ • 5h If you've reached the point where you feel you have to wear anti rape pants, it's time to accept that there's a problem. That problem is immigration. Retards will do literally anything other than remove the rapey foreigners Mio_Sub🇯🇵 @MyColleagueMio2 • 1d In Europe, anti-rape underwear for women has been developed. Many hope that such protection will never become necessary in Japan.
36 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Aggrieved03 13 points 3 hours ago Glock makes a nice anti rape hole puncher. permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 3 points 39 minutes ago Yeah they are no guns Also if you even complain about your rape - jail time for you permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 minutes ago Man. If only they had some kind of tool to hold their government accountable when it becomes tyrannical. I'm gonna buy more freedom seeds. permalink parent award report block reply Deplorable-Dreg 11 points 3 hours ago Return of the chastity belt! permalink award report block reply taytaytay 1 points 3 minutes ago so progressive permalink parent award report block reply RedCapNation 8 points 3 hours ago Death to Islam permalink award report block reply hazelknut 7 points 2 hours ago Richard Attenborough voice over: you can see how the human progresses back to the 17th century. permalink award report block reply NdNcenti 7 points 3 hours ago Pray you don’t have the liquid shits when you have to get these off quickly permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 12 minutes ago WHATS THE FUCKING COMBINATION?!!! permalink parent award report block reply hairless_ap3 6 points 2 hours ago This is what a dumbass would do to solve a problem instead of just buying a gun permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 36 minutes ago Or not allowing crazy rapists that literally have  a political ideology says it's OK to rape "that which your right hand possess" permalink parent award report block reply Oldman1234 4 points 2 hours ago What is needed is some kind of vaginal sleeve that is securely worn inserted in the vagina.  Lining the inside of the sleeve are barbed hooks which face inwardly so the rapist easily slides it in over the inwardly facing barbs but, when he pulls it back out, the barbed hooks bury themselves into the skin.  When the guy pulls out, the whole insert pops out securely stuck to his dick.  Wait for him to show up at the Emergency Room seeking medical help to remove the device.  Alternatively, embed some kind of miniature tracking device into the sleeve so the police can track him. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 2 hours ago Fun, but that effectively asks the woman to rape herself with the sleeve, then wait to be raped again to have the sleeve released.  Assuming no rapist was available that day, how does the woman get the sleeve out? permalink parent award report block reply Oldman1234 2 points 1 hour ago There's all kinds of "things" woman self-insert for one reason or another.  To answer your question, it slides in and out.  The barbs are on the inside of the tunnel of the sleeve. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 38 minutes ago Made a post. Already invented permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Im pretty sure you just got yourself a standing arrest warrant shall you ever step foot in Europe. Well done. I salute you. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 1 points 48 minutes ago That means no surprise sex with the lady when she gets home, sounds good in theory but I suspect it will have more unintended consequences. permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 5 points 2 hours ago How well will this work against knife slices to the neck? permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 2 points 1 hour ago Hey, no need to assume she won't put out quickly enough for that migrant with a sexual emergency!  These only prevent rapes, not self-defense stabbings from Mohammadans with sexual emergencies. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 11 minutes ago Nothing you can do about that. Nothing you’re ALLOWED to do, anyway. permalink parent award report block reply ElevenMile 4 points 2 hours ago Looks comfy. I, too, like a belt on the inside of my underpants permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Sorry but that's just underwear that encourages them to stab you a few times to remove it permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 35 minutes ago You are assuming she has the key?  Oh no - I have the key. permalink parent award report block reply nakedjay 2 points 1 hour ago Is it made by Everlast? permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 2 points 45 minutes ago A chastity belt? That's really going to chafe my willy! permalink parent award report block reply WhoMeTwo 2 points 39 minutes ago Ah.... they've brought back chastity belts. permalink award report block reply Oldman1234 2 points 1 hour ago Women, for some reason, seem to lack the ability for "situational awareness" which guys seem to have.  For example, the woman who goes alone to the park at 6AM for her routine morning jog.  Or, the woman who leaves a bar after it closes and decides to walk home alone using back-alleys.  The list goes on and on. permalink award report block reply Surfsup 1 points 60 minutes ago Yes but tbh she should be able to do that and not be raped. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 40 minutes ago I read about a female condom type inserted sleeve that is lined with barbs and can not be removed but by a hospital ensuring the man is caught. Not that anything would happen. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 1 points 2 minutes ago Have you considered that the doctors and engineers wouldn't be so rapey if they weren't treated so poorly by racist huwite men? permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 25 minutes ago And they'll deflect by making sure any advertisement or discussion will be framed as those evil White men harassing poor women. permalink award report block reply Suckitreddit 1 points 1 hour ago You don’t need to get them off…you just push the fabric to the side. I agree that armed defense is way better permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 33 minutes ago Muslims solution. Bash out teeth on side of sink or curb - use mouth. This is.how they think. They will fuck a stab wound they are demons permalink award report block reply SonSaviorKing 1 points 28 minutes ago This. Rape isn’t about sex. It’s about power and rage. permalink parent award report block reply Thathurtsmyfeelings1 1 points 21 minutes ago Such happy music... For a rape pants commercial. permalink award report block reply
Aggrieved03 13 points 3 hours ago Glock makes a nice anti rape hole puncher. permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 3 points 39 minutes ago Yeah they are no guns Also if you even complain about your rape - jail time for you permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 minutes ago Man. If only they had some kind of tool to hold their government accountable when it becomes tyrannical. I'm gonna buy more freedom seeds. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 3 points 39 minutes ago Yeah they are no guns Also if you even complain about your rape - jail time for you permalink parent award report block reply Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 minutes ago Man. If only they had some kind of tool to hold their government accountable when it becomes tyrannical. I'm gonna buy more freedom seeds. permalink parent award report block reply
Bidensmellslikepiss 1 points 2 minutes ago Man. If only they had some kind of tool to hold their government accountable when it becomes tyrannical. I'm gonna buy more freedom seeds. permalink parent award report block reply
Deplorable-Dreg 11 points 3 hours ago Return of the chastity belt! permalink award report block reply taytaytay 1 points 3 minutes ago so progressive permalink parent award report block reply
taytaytay 1 points 3 minutes ago so progressive permalink parent award report block reply
RedCapNation 8 points 3 hours ago Death to Islam permalink award report block reply
hazelknut 7 points 2 hours ago Richard Attenborough voice over: you can see how the human progresses back to the 17th century. permalink award report block reply
NdNcenti 7 points 3 hours ago Pray you don’t have the liquid shits when you have to get these off quickly permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 12 minutes ago WHATS THE FUCKING COMBINATION?!!! permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 12 minutes ago WHATS THE FUCKING COMBINATION?!!! permalink parent award report block reply
hairless_ap3 6 points 2 hours ago This is what a dumbass would do to solve a problem instead of just buying a gun permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 36 minutes ago Or not allowing crazy rapists that literally have  a political ideology says it's OK to rape "that which your right hand possess" permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 36 minutes ago Or not allowing crazy rapists that literally have  a political ideology says it's OK to rape "that which your right hand possess" permalink parent award report block reply
Oldman1234 4 points 2 hours ago What is needed is some kind of vaginal sleeve that is securely worn inserted in the vagina.  Lining the inside of the sleeve are barbed hooks which face inwardly so the rapist easily slides it in over the inwardly facing barbs but, when he pulls it back out, the barbed hooks bury themselves into the skin.  When the guy pulls out, the whole insert pops out securely stuck to his dick.  Wait for him to show up at the Emergency Room seeking medical help to remove the device.  Alternatively, embed some kind of miniature tracking device into the sleeve so the police can track him. permalink award report block reply bill_in_texas 4 points 2 hours ago Fun, but that effectively asks the woman to rape herself with the sleeve, then wait to be raped again to have the sleeve released.  Assuming no rapist was available that day, how does the woman get the sleeve out? permalink parent award report block reply Oldman1234 2 points 1 hour ago There's all kinds of "things" woman self-insert for one reason or another.  To answer your question, it slides in and out.  The barbs are on the inside of the tunnel of the sleeve. permalink parent award report block reply MAGALADON9 2 points 38 minutes ago Made a post. Already invented permalink parent award report block reply MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Im pretty sure you just got yourself a standing arrest warrant shall you ever step foot in Europe. Well done. I salute you. permalink parent award report block reply entwickelnden 1 points 48 minutes ago That means no surprise sex with the lady when she gets home, sounds good in theory but I suspect it will have more unintended consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
bill_in_texas 4 points 2 hours ago Fun, but that effectively asks the woman to rape herself with the sleeve, then wait to be raped again to have the sleeve released.  Assuming no rapist was available that day, how does the woman get the sleeve out? permalink parent award report block reply Oldman1234 2 points 1 hour ago There's all kinds of "things" woman self-insert for one reason or another.  To answer your question, it slides in and out.  The barbs are on the inside of the tunnel of the sleeve. permalink parent award report block reply
Oldman1234 2 points 1 hour ago There's all kinds of "things" woman self-insert for one reason or another.  To answer your question, it slides in and out.  The barbs are on the inside of the tunnel of the sleeve. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 2 points 38 minutes ago Made a post. Already invented permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 1 points 2 hours ago Im pretty sure you just got yourself a standing arrest warrant shall you ever step foot in Europe. Well done. I salute you. permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 1 points 48 minutes ago That means no surprise sex with the lady when she gets home, sounds good in theory but I suspect it will have more unintended consequences. permalink parent award report block reply
MastaJoda 5 points 2 hours ago How well will this work against knife slices to the neck? permalink award report block reply ModernKnight 2 points 1 hour ago Hey, no need to assume she won't put out quickly enough for that migrant with a sexual emergency!  These only prevent rapes, not self-defense stabbings from Mohammadans with sexual emergencies. permalink parent award report block reply booblitchutz 1 points 11 minutes ago Nothing you can do about that. Nothing you’re ALLOWED to do, anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
ModernKnight 2 points 1 hour ago Hey, no need to assume she won't put out quickly enough for that migrant with a sexual emergency!  These only prevent rapes, not self-defense stabbings from Mohammadans with sexual emergencies. permalink parent award report block reply
booblitchutz 1 points 11 minutes ago Nothing you can do about that. Nothing you’re ALLOWED to do, anyway. permalink parent award report block reply
ElevenMile 4 points 2 hours ago Looks comfy. I, too, like a belt on the inside of my underpants permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 3 points 2 hours ago Sorry but that's just underwear that encourages them to stab you a few times to remove it permalink award report block reply MAGALADON9 1 points 35 minutes ago You are assuming she has the key?  Oh no - I have the key. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 35 minutes ago You are assuming she has the key?  Oh no - I have the key. permalink parent award report block reply
nakedjay 2 points 1 hour ago Is it made by Everlast? permalink award report block reply entwickelnden 2 points 45 minutes ago A chastity belt? That's really going to chafe my willy! permalink parent award report block reply
entwickelnden 2 points 45 minutes ago A chastity belt? That's really going to chafe my willy! permalink parent award report block reply
WhoMeTwo 2 points 39 minutes ago Ah.... they've brought back chastity belts. permalink award report block reply
Oldman1234 2 points 1 hour ago Women, for some reason, seem to lack the ability for "situational awareness" which guys seem to have.  For example, the woman who goes alone to the park at 6AM for her routine morning jog.  Or, the woman who leaves a bar after it closes and decides to walk home alone using back-alleys.  The list goes on and on. permalink award report block reply Surfsup 1 points 60 minutes ago Yes but tbh she should be able to do that and not be raped. permalink parent award report block reply
Surfsup 1 points 60 minutes ago Yes but tbh she should be able to do that and not be raped. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 40 minutes ago I read about a female condom type inserted sleeve that is lined with barbs and can not be removed but by a hospital ensuring the man is caught. Not that anything would happen. permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 1 points 2 minutes ago Have you considered that the doctors and engineers wouldn't be so rapey if they weren't treated so poorly by racist huwite men? permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 1 points 25 minutes ago And they'll deflect by making sure any advertisement or discussion will be framed as those evil White men harassing poor women. permalink award report block reply
Suckitreddit 1 points 1 hour ago You don’t need to get them off…you just push the fabric to the side. I agree that armed defense is way better permalink award report block reply
MAGALADON9 1 points 33 minutes ago Muslims solution. Bash out teeth on side of sink or curb - use mouth. This is.how they think. They will fuck a stab wound they are demons permalink award report block reply SonSaviorKing 1 points 28 minutes ago This. Rape isn’t about sex. It’s about power and rage. permalink parent award report block reply
SonSaviorKing 1 points 28 minutes ago This. Rape isn’t about sex. It’s about power and rage. permalink parent award report block reply
Thathurtsmyfeelings1 1 points 21 minutes ago Such happy music... For a rape pants commercial. permalink award report block reply