33 Inconvenience the victims posted 1 hour ago by Faintlight 5 comments award share report block Basil the Great @Basil_TGMD • 10h I wish this was a joke but it's actually serious. A company is marketing anti-rape shorts to women in Europe. That's how terrified they are walking the streets now Sickening
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Jack_NC 7 points 1 hour ago Joke's on them - the rapey mid-east types love a good challenge. It's their "right" to rape non-muslim women. Says so right their in their little book. Besides the assault, the women need to consider what happens if they Rapey McMohammed has his "needs" denied. They are not very good at accepting "no" for an answer : "let's not turn this simple rape into a murder, darling." that being said, I am amazed at the lengths liberals will go to, to avoid an obvious (yet uncomfortable) truth. The problem isn't the underpants, it's the muslims and other sundry third-world'ers. Beyond that, it is the liberals' fault for admitting them. Liberals: Face the facts, deport them, or genocide, or whatever you need to do to save your culture and race, while you still can. permalink award report block reply SWRAD 3 points 51 minutes ago Their anti rape shorts are dumb. Ours are much better: https://graystoneccw.com/products/copy-of-graystone-ccw-womens-two-pocket-holster-short-with-outer-thigh-pocket-concealed-carry-compression-clothing-spandex permalink award report block reply Just_dumping_fuel 3 points 40 minutes ago they keep voting for rapists, then do this. it's mixed signals. permalink award report block reply Faintlight OP 2 points 1 hour ago https://x.com/Basil_TGMD/status/1988827688191037656 permalink award report block reply wranlon2 1 points 1 hour ago Doesn't look like it actually protects the crotch. They'll wind up with a bonus circumcision as Muhammad al Rapey cuts through. permalink award report block reply
Jack_NC 7 points 1 hour ago Joke's on them - the rapey mid-east types love a good challenge. It's their "right" to rape non-muslim women. Says so right their in their little book. Besides the assault, the women need to consider what happens if they Rapey McMohammed has his "needs" denied. They are not very good at accepting "no" for an answer : "let's not turn this simple rape into a murder, darling." that being said, I am amazed at the lengths liberals will go to, to avoid an obvious (yet uncomfortable) truth. The problem isn't the underpants, it's the muslims and other sundry third-world'ers. Beyond that, it is the liberals' fault for admitting them. Liberals: Face the facts, deport them, or genocide, or whatever you need to do to save your culture and race, while you still can. permalink award report block reply
SWRAD 3 points 51 minutes ago Their anti rape shorts are dumb. Ours are much better: https://graystoneccw.com/products/copy-of-graystone-ccw-womens-two-pocket-holster-short-with-outer-thigh-pocket-concealed-carry-compression-clothing-spandex permalink award report block reply
Just_dumping_fuel 3 points 40 minutes ago they keep voting for rapists, then do this. it's mixed signals. permalink award report block reply
Faintlight OP 2 points 1 hour ago https://x.com/Basil_TGMD/status/1988827688191037656 permalink award report block reply
wranlon2 1 points 1 hour ago Doesn't look like it actually protects the crotch. They'll wind up with a bonus circumcision as Muhammad al Rapey cuts through. permalink award report block reply