406 Contact President Trump and let him know how you feel about H-1Bs (www.whitehouse.gov) posted 2 hours ago by PepeWashington 65 comments award share report block Contact Us Share your thoughts with President Donald J. Trump and Vice President JD Vance. www.whitehouse.gov
65 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style fallhollow 70 points 2 hours ago this should be a permanent sticky permalink award report block reply PepeWashington OP 25 points 2 hours ago As OP I cannot legally endorse this message. permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 18 points 1 hour ago Has any of the Chinese student or H-1B been stickied? permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 9 points 37 minutes ago Not that I saw. Neither have a lot of the EBT news. But hey, lots of shit from the UK. Because reasons. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 minutes ago no, only way earlier this year then poofed for a new batch of stickies of facebook memes permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 7 points 36 minutes ago Agreed. Also. I did my part. How about you? Be respectful and do your duty. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 10 minutes ago I submitted my letter permalink parent award report block reply PepeWashington OP 36 points 2 hours ago Please be civil. It can make for a stronger message, especially en mass. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 27 points 1 hour ago Sending now. Will be civil. permalink award report block reply PMSocks 22 points 44 minutes ago Trump needs a rally so we can boo him like we did for the vax permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 27 minutes ago Not gonna happen anytime soon. Susie won't allow it, even if the SS managed to get its shit together. Muh Butler, Muh UVU. She has successfully cut him off from the base and isn't going to let him reestablish a connection if she can help it. permalink parent award report block reply Zedd2 1 points 21 minutes ago Who’s susie permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 16 minutes ago Trump's Chief of Staff and apparently a former staffer for Netanyahu... So basically Trump's AIPAC handler, so I've heard. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 53 seconds ago Also very good friends with bondi permalink parent award report block reply Ryanaissance 1 points 7 minutes ago He should've stuck with Bannon. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -5 points 22 minutes ago Wont happen. Most people outside of this website don't have TDS like you guys. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 8 minutes ago Fuck off to india pajeet permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 3 minutes ago Good one, pedo. Outside of this website, Reddit and the corner of X that sent you here, literally nobody is crying about H-1Bs, which Trump has been stricter on than any president since 1990. Most of you don't leave your mom's basements so it's unlikely that you'd show up to any Trump rally, even if just to boo. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 13 points 2 hours ago Ok. Dear Mr. President.  I do not like foreigners taking jobs that Americans can do.  I do not like companies in America hiring cheap labor. But, since our educational system has been so bad for so long and we have an urgency for expertise, please limit it for temporary talent. Then fix the G*$ Damn schools and build talent here at home. permalink award report block reply auntjemima 15 points 36 minutes ago I remember when lack of talent drove salaries up and led to college graduates migrating to said jobs to meet the demand.  Doesn't work that way with H1B's flooding the talent pool. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 29 minutes ago Yeah but now we have endless pajeets with fake degrees who think you're so fucking stupid for letting them get away with it. Haha only I redeem now!!! permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 5 points 38 minutes ago So did you send it or just post it here for upvotes? permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 2 points 24 minutes ago Legit question.  Updooted permalink parent award report block reply Lol_Garrus 8 points 28 minutes ago America is a country, not an economic zone. We are supposed to be a peoples of shared heritage, values, and beliefs. Not worker bees to be used as needed and disgarded when something cheaper comes along. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 13 minutes ago That requires free market. Our current Neomercantilist system is a distorted departure from our nation's free market capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply Eyepatch_McCain 5 points 35 minutes ago I'm a lot more concerned with offshoring right now. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 4 points 43 minutes ago This is a good post. I'm tired of the whining here on this forum and the complete lack of gratitude for the things Trump has accomplished. He's not perfect and he's going to make mistakes, but he's the closest thing to a perfect president that you will ever see in your life. So, if you have something critical to say, have some fucking balls and say it to him directly on the White House website. This site is not intended to be a non-stop doomer whine fest about every Trump misstep permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 6 points 19 minutes ago It's a free country, dude. We can complain wherever we want, especially when we feel betrayed. That being said, this is a way we can (hopefully) get our message through to him. permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 4 points 18 minutes ago Understood but that's not what I'm seeing here. People are basically saying that Trump played us, they're not just saying he's making a mistake or he shouldn't be doing this or that. They're basically completely turning on him and those are the kind of posts I'm talking about. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 10 minutes ago I understand that Doomerism won't solve anything. But some people will call some of us antisemites for questioning why we're giving funds to Israel. People will call us liars when we point out that groceries are still expensive (and have increased in price), all because Trump said that they're more affordable in a tweet. He's done so well in many cases, but has fumbled so much that it's become difficult for many of us not to feel like he's played us. I don't think he has; we're asking one man to basically become a dictator for many of the things we're asking for, and what he's up against. The problem is that this place is so high-energy and intense that if Trump doesn't give us 100% what we want, he's compromised. Or, if he says something that we point out is against what his initial beliefs and promises were, we get the response, "Are you against Trump? Cry more, faggot." permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 7 minutes ago You're forgetting he's only been in office actually working for about 9 months. You're forgetting the pardoning of the January 6th defendants, the appointment of headsseth and the purging of our military, the elimination of a variety of money laundering and wasteful agencies with the help of musk, the elimination of the Department of education, the pulling of funding from transgender ideology universities essentially reversing that trend. You've completely forgotten the influence he has had on private Industry and eliminating their DEI programs, I can go on and on and on. Jesus people support our president or get the hell off of this website. A complaining is fine but acting as though he's failing us overall is just wrong permalink parent award report block reply aphoticamy 2 points 23 minutes ago LOVE this post. Sent a respectful, short and to the point message. This post needs to be stickied and if not re-posted daily. As often as I see it I'll message him permalink parent award report block reply mytummyhurts 4 points 31 minutes ago I'm doing my part! permalink award report block reply Parabellum76 4 points 31 minutes ago Guys I’m utterly demoralized with this administration, it seems Trump has completely turned his back on his base and surrounded himself the Neocons and deep state elites. permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 5 points 28 minutes ago A lot of things changed when Charlie was murdered. permalink parent award report block reply stealthboy 2 points 16 minutes ago Nobody is going to save us.  The country we grew up in no longer exists and it never will again. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 7 minutes ago He openly hates White man and wants us replaced and dead permalink parent award report block reply Smegmaless2 4 points 52 minutes ago Done permalink award report block reply NamendaBiden 3 points 25 minutes ago Message sent.  Piece of cake.  EVERYONE needs to do this asap. permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 3 points 1 hour ago Muslims: We see it as OUR country now.  We have the prophet’s command to HONOR-KILL YOU! permalink award report block reply Repentnow 3 points 24 minutes ago My President, Please reconsider your stance on H-1B visas. These are not being issued for highly skilled personnel.  I understand that you might be using immigration as a leverage position with India (H-1B visas) and China (F-1 visas), but if that is the case, please be transparent with your base. MAGA wants as close to zero immigration as possible.  This is non-negotiable to your MAGA base. The midterms will be a disaster if you ignore immigration. Respectfully, your most loyal constituent. permalink award report block reply UncleTrumpsBand 3 points 23 minutes ago I did my part!! permalink award report block reply Goozmania 3 points 32 minutes ago Oh, I let them have it. permalink award report block reply Senaleb 3 points 19 minutes ago Wrote him a lengthy paragraph on how there is not a shortage of tech workers in this country and I know this from experience. permalink award report block reply h3xAd3c1m4L 3 points 17 minutes ago “Lack of US based talent” my ass. permalink award report block reply For_All_Mankind 3 points 28 minutes ago Contact his Jew handlers permalink award report block reply aphoticamy 2 points 26 minutes ago DONE! Mods sticky this or PEDES, repost daily asking us to message him about something different that needs to happen. Next time maybe about doing something on the rogue judiciary permalink award report block reply tarballs 2 points 11 minutes ago Wrote a few paragraphs and copied them to the vice president as well. permalink award report block reply Ryanaissance 2 points 9 minutes ago This is the issue that first got me into politics.  They say get a physics degree, we have a severe shortage.  Yet the university is making deals with industry to place their F1/OPT intl students and ignoring domestic.  Going to industry for jobs,  even with professor's inside contacts, will just teach you about H1B.  Get around that, you still have to overcome DEI hiring policies. permalink award report block reply barwhack 2 points 20 minutes ago Do it. He'll Epstard, but do it anyway. Maybe God will bloody give FURTHER weight to the words. permalink award report block reply BTWiuseArch25 2 points 20 minutes ago OP I would recommend that you add "in a civil manor" to your title. permalink award report block reply 1DontTreadOnMe1 1 points 50 minutes ago I think it's gonna rain when I die. permalink award report block reply ACActual 1 points 5 minutes ago Called him a Rino sell out.  Hope it gets under his skin permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 1 points 3 minutes ago For a bit of nuance, I remember when Trump used to push for the covid vaccines, and then eventually stopped doing that after he was booed in a rally about it. I even heard that someone directly confronted him about the covid vaccines and told him the truth about it, and it horrified him. Which shows that he has listened to his base before, theoretically we'd just have to do the same about the Chinese student issues and the H-1B issue. permalink award report block reply Danofdestiny 1 points 15 minutes ago Done. permalink award report block reply call-it-like-i-sees 1 points 14 minutes ago done - I wrote his words back to him.  Let's see what Trump and Noem do with this. permalink award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste -1 points 41 minutes ago Be careful, might put you on a list. Not being sarcastic. permalink award report block reply oldftg 8 points 35 minutes ago Way too late to worry about that. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 17 minutes ago It's 2025. You're still worried about being placed on a list? We're all probably on a list for even being on this site. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. permalink parent award report block reply mav7579 3 points 20 minutes ago Donnie would do that? permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 -2 points 25 minutes ago Trump went from being one of the best presidents in my life the first few months of his term to one of the worst. permalink award report block reply mav7579 3 points 21 minutes ago Did you forget about BIDEN? permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 4 points 17 minutes ago Deporting these people will do nothing since another president can come in and just let people in the border illegally and nothing will happen. Try again retard. He's done nothing to work with congress to fix our immigration system. He's brought no charges against these people in a meaningful way. He has not gone after any of the employers employing these illegals. I'd rather see the CEO of tyson foods perp walked , charged and convicted then some random ass beaners pulled off the streets giving democrats good PR. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 0 points 20 minutes ago Lol. H-1B has existed for over 35 years, and Trump has made it more difficult and expensive to abuse than ever before. Now he's "one of the worst" because he doesn't believe that we should take random, uneducated blacks off the unemployment line and have them start building missiles and car batteries. permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 2 points 17 minutes ago I would shut the program down. Fuck you permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 11 minutes ago No, you wouldn't, because you wouldn't have the authority. H-1B was created and can only be ended by Congress, and Trump is already being sued over the restrictions that he has implemented. permalink parent award report block reply
fallhollow 70 points 2 hours ago this should be a permanent sticky permalink award report block reply PepeWashington OP 25 points 2 hours ago As OP I cannot legally endorse this message. permalink parent award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 18 points 1 hour ago Has any of the Chinese student or H-1B been stickied? permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 9 points 37 minutes ago Not that I saw. Neither have a lot of the EBT news. But hey, lots of shit from the UK. Because reasons. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 minutes ago no, only way earlier this year then poofed for a new batch of stickies of facebook memes permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 7 points 36 minutes ago Agreed. Also. I did my part. How about you? Be respectful and do your duty. permalink parent award report block reply mikethemarine 1 points 10 minutes ago I submitted my letter permalink parent award report block reply
PepeWashington OP 25 points 2 hours ago As OP I cannot legally endorse this message. permalink parent award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 18 points 1 hour ago Has any of the Chinese student or H-1B been stickied? permalink parent award report block reply MissingTrump 9 points 37 minutes ago Not that I saw. Neither have a lot of the EBT news. But hey, lots of shit from the UK. Because reasons. permalink parent award report block reply flashersenpai 2 points 21 minutes ago no, only way earlier this year then poofed for a new batch of stickies of facebook memes permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 9 points 37 minutes ago Not that I saw. Neither have a lot of the EBT news. But hey, lots of shit from the UK. Because reasons. permalink parent award report block reply
flashersenpai 2 points 21 minutes ago no, only way earlier this year then poofed for a new batch of stickies of facebook memes permalink parent award report block reply
MissingTrump 7 points 36 minutes ago Agreed. Also. I did my part. How about you? Be respectful and do your duty. permalink parent award report block reply
mikethemarine 1 points 10 minutes ago I submitted my letter permalink parent award report block reply
PepeWashington OP 36 points 2 hours ago Please be civil. It can make for a stronger message, especially en mass. permalink award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 27 points 1 hour ago Sending now. Will be civil. permalink award report block reply
PMSocks 22 points 44 minutes ago Trump needs a rally so we can boo him like we did for the vax permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 9 points 27 minutes ago Not gonna happen anytime soon. Susie won't allow it, even if the SS managed to get its shit together. Muh Butler, Muh UVU. She has successfully cut him off from the base and isn't going to let him reestablish a connection if she can help it. permalink parent award report block reply Zedd2 1 points 21 minutes ago Who’s susie permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 16 minutes ago Trump's Chief of Staff and apparently a former staffer for Netanyahu... So basically Trump's AIPAC handler, so I've heard. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 53 seconds ago Also very good friends with bondi permalink parent award report block reply Ryanaissance 1 points 7 minutes ago He should've stuck with Bannon. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage -5 points 22 minutes ago Wont happen. Most people outside of this website don't have TDS like you guys. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 8 minutes ago Fuck off to india pajeet permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 3 minutes ago Good one, pedo. Outside of this website, Reddit and the corner of X that sent you here, literally nobody is crying about H-1Bs, which Trump has been stricter on than any president since 1990. Most of you don't leave your mom's basements so it's unlikely that you'd show up to any Trump rally, even if just to boo. permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 9 points 27 minutes ago Not gonna happen anytime soon. Susie won't allow it, even if the SS managed to get its shit together. Muh Butler, Muh UVU. She has successfully cut him off from the base and isn't going to let him reestablish a connection if she can help it. permalink parent award report block reply Zedd2 1 points 21 minutes ago Who’s susie permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 16 minutes ago Trump's Chief of Staff and apparently a former staffer for Netanyahu... So basically Trump's AIPAC handler, so I've heard. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 53 seconds ago Also very good friends with bondi permalink parent award report block reply Ryanaissance 1 points 7 minutes ago He should've stuck with Bannon. permalink parent award report block reply
Zedd2 1 points 21 minutes ago Who’s susie permalink parent award report block reply someguy7738 2 points 16 minutes ago Trump's Chief of Staff and apparently a former staffer for Netanyahu... So basically Trump's AIPAC handler, so I've heard. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 53 seconds ago Also very good friends with bondi permalink parent award report block reply
someguy7738 2 points 16 minutes ago Trump's Chief of Staff and apparently a former staffer for Netanyahu... So basically Trump's AIPAC handler, so I've heard. permalink parent award report block reply Here_we_go 1 points 53 seconds ago Also very good friends with bondi permalink parent award report block reply
Here_we_go 1 points 53 seconds ago Also very good friends with bondi permalink parent award report block reply
Ryanaissance 1 points 7 minutes ago He should've stuck with Bannon. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage -5 points 22 minutes ago Wont happen. Most people outside of this website don't have TDS like you guys. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 8 minutes ago Fuck off to india pajeet permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 3 minutes ago Good one, pedo. Outside of this website, Reddit and the corner of X that sent you here, literally nobody is crying about H-1Bs, which Trump has been stricter on than any president since 1990. Most of you don't leave your mom's basements so it's unlikely that you'd show up to any Trump rally, even if just to boo. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 2 points 8 minutes ago Fuck off to india pajeet permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 3 minutes ago Good one, pedo. Outside of this website, Reddit and the corner of X that sent you here, literally nobody is crying about H-1Bs, which Trump has been stricter on than any president since 1990. Most of you don't leave your mom's basements so it's unlikely that you'd show up to any Trump rally, even if just to boo. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 3 minutes ago Good one, pedo. Outside of this website, Reddit and the corner of X that sent you here, literally nobody is crying about H-1Bs, which Trump has been stricter on than any president since 1990. Most of you don't leave your mom's basements so it's unlikely that you'd show up to any Trump rally, even if just to boo. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 13 points 2 hours ago Ok. Dear Mr. President.  I do not like foreigners taking jobs that Americans can do.  I do not like companies in America hiring cheap labor. But, since our educational system has been so bad for so long and we have an urgency for expertise, please limit it for temporary talent. Then fix the G*$ Damn schools and build talent here at home. permalink award report block reply auntjemima 15 points 36 minutes ago I remember when lack of talent drove salaries up and led to college graduates migrating to said jobs to meet the demand.  Doesn't work that way with H1B's flooding the talent pool. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 29 minutes ago Yeah but now we have endless pajeets with fake degrees who think you're so fucking stupid for letting them get away with it. Haha only I redeem now!!! permalink parent award report block reply StoneRealist 5 points 38 minutes ago So did you send it or just post it here for upvotes? permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 2 points 24 minutes ago Legit question.  Updooted permalink parent award report block reply
auntjemima 15 points 36 minutes ago I remember when lack of talent drove salaries up and led to college graduates migrating to said jobs to meet the demand.  Doesn't work that way with H1B's flooding the talent pool. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 5 points 29 minutes ago Yeah but now we have endless pajeets with fake degrees who think you're so fucking stupid for letting them get away with it. Haha only I redeem now!!! permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 5 points 29 minutes ago Yeah but now we have endless pajeets with fake degrees who think you're so fucking stupid for letting them get away with it. Haha only I redeem now!!! permalink parent award report block reply
StoneRealist 5 points 38 minutes ago So did you send it or just post it here for upvotes? permalink parent award report block reply NamendaBiden 2 points 24 minutes ago Legit question.  Updooted permalink parent award report block reply
NamendaBiden 2 points 24 minutes ago Legit question.  Updooted permalink parent award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 8 points 28 minutes ago America is a country, not an economic zone. We are supposed to be a peoples of shared heritage, values, and beliefs. Not worker bees to be used as needed and disgarded when something cheaper comes along. permalink award report block reply Repentnow 1 points 13 minutes ago That requires free market. Our current Neomercantilist system is a distorted departure from our nation's free market capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply
Repentnow 1 points 13 minutes ago That requires free market. Our current Neomercantilist system is a distorted departure from our nation's free market capitalism. permalink parent award report block reply
Eyepatch_McCain 5 points 35 minutes ago I'm a lot more concerned with offshoring right now. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 4 points 43 minutes ago This is a good post. I'm tired of the whining here on this forum and the complete lack of gratitude for the things Trump has accomplished. He's not perfect and he's going to make mistakes, but he's the closest thing to a perfect president that you will ever see in your life. So, if you have something critical to say, have some fucking balls and say it to him directly on the White House website. This site is not intended to be a non-stop doomer whine fest about every Trump misstep permalink award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 6 points 19 minutes ago It's a free country, dude. We can complain wherever we want, especially when we feel betrayed. That being said, this is a way we can (hopefully) get our message through to him. permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 4 points 18 minutes ago Understood but that's not what I'm seeing here. People are basically saying that Trump played us, they're not just saying he's making a mistake or he shouldn't be doing this or that. They're basically completely turning on him and those are the kind of posts I'm talking about. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 10 minutes ago I understand that Doomerism won't solve anything. But some people will call some of us antisemites for questioning why we're giving funds to Israel. People will call us liars when we point out that groceries are still expensive (and have increased in price), all because Trump said that they're more affordable in a tweet. He's done so well in many cases, but has fumbled so much that it's become difficult for many of us not to feel like he's played us. I don't think he has; we're asking one man to basically become a dictator for many of the things we're asking for, and what he's up against. The problem is that this place is so high-energy and intense that if Trump doesn't give us 100% what we want, he's compromised. Or, if he says something that we point out is against what his initial beliefs and promises were, we get the response, "Are you against Trump? Cry more, faggot." permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 7 minutes ago You're forgetting he's only been in office actually working for about 9 months. You're forgetting the pardoning of the January 6th defendants, the appointment of headsseth and the purging of our military, the elimination of a variety of money laundering and wasteful agencies with the help of musk, the elimination of the Department of education, the pulling of funding from transgender ideology universities essentially reversing that trend. You've completely forgotten the influence he has had on private Industry and eliminating their DEI programs, I can go on and on and on. Jesus people support our president or get the hell off of this website. A complaining is fine but acting as though he's failing us overall is just wrong permalink parent award report block reply aphoticamy 2 points 23 minutes ago LOVE this post. Sent a respectful, short and to the point message. This post needs to be stickied and if not re-posted daily. As often as I see it I'll message him permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 6 points 19 minutes ago It's a free country, dude. We can complain wherever we want, especially when we feel betrayed. That being said, this is a way we can (hopefully) get our message through to him. permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 4 points 18 minutes ago Understood but that's not what I'm seeing here. People are basically saying that Trump played us, they're not just saying he's making a mistake or he shouldn't be doing this or that. They're basically completely turning on him and those are the kind of posts I'm talking about. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 10 minutes ago I understand that Doomerism won't solve anything. But some people will call some of us antisemites for questioning why we're giving funds to Israel. People will call us liars when we point out that groceries are still expensive (and have increased in price), all because Trump said that they're more affordable in a tweet. He's done so well in many cases, but has fumbled so much that it's become difficult for many of us not to feel like he's played us. I don't think he has; we're asking one man to basically become a dictator for many of the things we're asking for, and what he's up against. The problem is that this place is so high-energy and intense that if Trump doesn't give us 100% what we want, he's compromised. Or, if he says something that we point out is against what his initial beliefs and promises were, we get the response, "Are you against Trump? Cry more, faggot." permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 7 minutes ago You're forgetting he's only been in office actually working for about 9 months. You're forgetting the pardoning of the January 6th defendants, the appointment of headsseth and the purging of our military, the elimination of a variety of money laundering and wasteful agencies with the help of musk, the elimination of the Department of education, the pulling of funding from transgender ideology universities essentially reversing that trend. You've completely forgotten the influence he has had on private Industry and eliminating their DEI programs, I can go on and on and on. Jesus people support our president or get the hell off of this website. A complaining is fine but acting as though he's failing us overall is just wrong permalink parent award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 4 points 18 minutes ago Understood but that's not what I'm seeing here. People are basically saying that Trump played us, they're not just saying he's making a mistake or he shouldn't be doing this or that. They're basically completely turning on him and those are the kind of posts I'm talking about. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 10 minutes ago I understand that Doomerism won't solve anything. But some people will call some of us antisemites for questioning why we're giving funds to Israel. People will call us liars when we point out that groceries are still expensive (and have increased in price), all because Trump said that they're more affordable in a tweet. He's done so well in many cases, but has fumbled so much that it's become difficult for many of us not to feel like he's played us. I don't think he has; we're asking one man to basically become a dictator for many of the things we're asking for, and what he's up against. The problem is that this place is so high-energy and intense that if Trump doesn't give us 100% what we want, he's compromised. Or, if he says something that we point out is against what his initial beliefs and promises were, we get the response, "Are you against Trump? Cry more, faggot." permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 7 minutes ago You're forgetting he's only been in office actually working for about 9 months. You're forgetting the pardoning of the January 6th defendants, the appointment of headsseth and the purging of our military, the elimination of a variety of money laundering and wasteful agencies with the help of musk, the elimination of the Department of education, the pulling of funding from transgender ideology universities essentially reversing that trend. You've completely forgotten the influence he has had on private Industry and eliminating their DEI programs, I can go on and on and on. Jesus people support our president or get the hell off of this website. A complaining is fine but acting as though he's failing us overall is just wrong permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 2 points 10 minutes ago I understand that Doomerism won't solve anything. But some people will call some of us antisemites for questioning why we're giving funds to Israel. People will call us liars when we point out that groceries are still expensive (and have increased in price), all because Trump said that they're more affordable in a tweet. He's done so well in many cases, but has fumbled so much that it's become difficult for many of us not to feel like he's played us. I don't think he has; we're asking one man to basically become a dictator for many of the things we're asking for, and what he's up against. The problem is that this place is so high-energy and intense that if Trump doesn't give us 100% what we want, he's compromised. Or, if he says something that we point out is against what his initial beliefs and promises were, we get the response, "Are you against Trump? Cry more, faggot." permalink parent award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 7 minutes ago You're forgetting he's only been in office actually working for about 9 months. You're forgetting the pardoning of the January 6th defendants, the appointment of headsseth and the purging of our military, the elimination of a variety of money laundering and wasteful agencies with the help of musk, the elimination of the Department of education, the pulling of funding from transgender ideology universities essentially reversing that trend. You've completely forgotten the influence he has had on private Industry and eliminating their DEI programs, I can go on and on and on. Jesus people support our president or get the hell off of this website. A complaining is fine but acting as though he's failing us overall is just wrong permalink parent award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 1 points 7 minutes ago You're forgetting he's only been in office actually working for about 9 months. You're forgetting the pardoning of the January 6th defendants, the appointment of headsseth and the purging of our military, the elimination of a variety of money laundering and wasteful agencies with the help of musk, the elimination of the Department of education, the pulling of funding from transgender ideology universities essentially reversing that trend. You've completely forgotten the influence he has had on private Industry and eliminating their DEI programs, I can go on and on and on. Jesus people support our president or get the hell off of this website. A complaining is fine but acting as though he's failing us overall is just wrong permalink parent award report block reply
aphoticamy 2 points 23 minutes ago LOVE this post. Sent a respectful, short and to the point message. This post needs to be stickied and if not re-posted daily. As often as I see it I'll message him permalink parent award report block reply
mytummyhurts 4 points 31 minutes ago I'm doing my part! permalink award report block reply
Parabellum76 4 points 31 minutes ago Guys I’m utterly demoralized with this administration, it seems Trump has completely turned his back on his base and surrounded himself the Neocons and deep state elites. permalink award report block reply IncredibleMrE1 5 points 28 minutes ago A lot of things changed when Charlie was murdered. permalink parent award report block reply stealthboy 2 points 16 minutes ago Nobody is going to save us.  The country we grew up in no longer exists and it never will again. permalink parent award report block reply GatoradeJeb 1 points 7 minutes ago He openly hates White man and wants us replaced and dead permalink parent award report block reply
IncredibleMrE1 5 points 28 minutes ago A lot of things changed when Charlie was murdered. permalink parent award report block reply
stealthboy 2 points 16 minutes ago Nobody is going to save us.  The country we grew up in no longer exists and it never will again. permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 1 points 7 minutes ago He openly hates White man and wants us replaced and dead permalink parent award report block reply
Smegmaless2 4 points 52 minutes ago Done permalink award report block reply
NamendaBiden 3 points 25 minutes ago Message sent.  Piece of cake.  EVERYONE needs to do this asap. permalink award report block reply
YaharaRiver 3 points 1 hour ago Muslims: We see it as OUR country now.  We have the prophet’s command to HONOR-KILL YOU! permalink award report block reply
Repentnow 3 points 24 minutes ago My President, Please reconsider your stance on H-1B visas. These are not being issued for highly skilled personnel.  I understand that you might be using immigration as a leverage position with India (H-1B visas) and China (F-1 visas), but if that is the case, please be transparent with your base. MAGA wants as close to zero immigration as possible.  This is non-negotiable to your MAGA base. The midterms will be a disaster if you ignore immigration. Respectfully, your most loyal constituent. permalink award report block reply
UncleTrumpsBand 3 points 23 minutes ago I did my part!! permalink award report block reply
Goozmania 3 points 32 minutes ago Oh, I let them have it. permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 3 points 19 minutes ago Wrote him a lengthy paragraph on how there is not a shortage of tech workers in this country and I know this from experience. permalink award report block reply
h3xAd3c1m4L 3 points 17 minutes ago “Lack of US based talent” my ass. permalink award report block reply
For_All_Mankind 3 points 28 minutes ago Contact his Jew handlers permalink award report block reply
aphoticamy 2 points 26 minutes ago DONE! Mods sticky this or PEDES, repost daily asking us to message him about something different that needs to happen. Next time maybe about doing something on the rogue judiciary permalink award report block reply
tarballs 2 points 11 minutes ago Wrote a few paragraphs and copied them to the vice president as well. permalink award report block reply
Ryanaissance 2 points 9 minutes ago This is the issue that first got me into politics.  They say get a physics degree, we have a severe shortage.  Yet the university is making deals with industry to place their F1/OPT intl students and ignoring domestic.  Going to industry for jobs,  even with professor's inside contacts, will just teach you about H1B.  Get around that, you still have to overcome DEI hiring policies. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 20 minutes ago Do it. He'll Epstard, but do it anyway. Maybe God will bloody give FURTHER weight to the words. permalink award report block reply
BTWiuseArch25 2 points 20 minutes ago OP I would recommend that you add "in a civil manor" to your title. permalink award report block reply
1DontTreadOnMe1 1 points 50 minutes ago I think it's gonna rain when I die. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 1 points 5 minutes ago Called him a Rino sell out.  Hope it gets under his skin permalink award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 1 points 3 minutes ago For a bit of nuance, I remember when Trump used to push for the covid vaccines, and then eventually stopped doing that after he was booed in a rally about it. I even heard that someone directly confronted him about the covid vaccines and told him the truth about it, and it horrified him. Which shows that he has listened to his base before, theoretically we'd just have to do the same about the Chinese student issues and the H-1B issue. permalink award report block reply
Danofdestiny 1 points 15 minutes ago Done. permalink award report block reply
call-it-like-i-sees 1 points 14 minutes ago done - I wrote his words back to him.  Let's see what Trump and Noem do with this. permalink award report block reply
MoldyLocksNesMonste -1 points 41 minutes ago Be careful, might put you on a list. Not being sarcastic. permalink award report block reply oldftg 8 points 35 minutes ago Way too late to worry about that. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 17 minutes ago It's 2025. You're still worried about being placed on a list? We're all probably on a list for even being on this site. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. permalink parent award report block reply mav7579 3 points 20 minutes ago Donnie would do that? permalink parent award report block reply
oldftg 8 points 35 minutes ago Way too late to worry about that. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 4 points 17 minutes ago It's 2025. You're still worried about being placed on a list? We're all probably on a list for even being on this site. Give your balls a tug, you titfucker. permalink parent award report block reply
mav7579 3 points 20 minutes ago Donnie would do that? permalink parent award report block reply
RockFlagAndEagle2020 -2 points 25 minutes ago Trump went from being one of the best presidents in my life the first few months of his term to one of the worst. permalink award report block reply mav7579 3 points 21 minutes ago Did you forget about BIDEN? permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 4 points 17 minutes ago Deporting these people will do nothing since another president can come in and just let people in the border illegally and nothing will happen. Try again retard. He's done nothing to work with congress to fix our immigration system. He's brought no charges against these people in a meaningful way. He has not gone after any of the employers employing these illegals. I'd rather see the CEO of tyson foods perp walked , charged and convicted then some random ass beaners pulled off the streets giving democrats good PR. permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 0 points 20 minutes ago Lol. H-1B has existed for over 35 years, and Trump has made it more difficult and expensive to abuse than ever before. Now he's "one of the worst" because he doesn't believe that we should take random, uneducated blacks off the unemployment line and have them start building missiles and car batteries. permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 2 points 17 minutes ago I would shut the program down. Fuck you permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 11 minutes ago No, you wouldn't, because you wouldn't have the authority. H-1B was created and can only be ended by Congress, and Trump is already being sued over the restrictions that he has implemented. permalink parent award report block reply
mav7579 3 points 21 minutes ago Did you forget about BIDEN? permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 4 points 17 minutes ago Deporting these people will do nothing since another president can come in and just let people in the border illegally and nothing will happen. Try again retard. He's done nothing to work with congress to fix our immigration system. He's brought no charges against these people in a meaningful way. He has not gone after any of the employers employing these illegals. I'd rather see the CEO of tyson foods perp walked , charged and convicted then some random ass beaners pulled off the streets giving democrats good PR. permalink parent award report block reply
RockFlagAndEagle2020 4 points 17 minutes ago Deporting these people will do nothing since another president can come in and just let people in the border illegally and nothing will happen. Try again retard. He's done nothing to work with congress to fix our immigration system. He's brought no charges against these people in a meaningful way. He has not gone after any of the employers employing these illegals. I'd rather see the CEO of tyson foods perp walked , charged and convicted then some random ass beaners pulled off the streets giving democrats good PR. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 0 points 20 minutes ago Lol. H-1B has existed for over 35 years, and Trump has made it more difficult and expensive to abuse than ever before. Now he's "one of the worst" because he doesn't believe that we should take random, uneducated blacks off the unemployment line and have them start building missiles and car batteries. permalink parent award report block reply RockFlagAndEagle2020 2 points 17 minutes ago I would shut the program down. Fuck you permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 11 minutes ago No, you wouldn't, because you wouldn't have the authority. H-1B was created and can only be ended by Congress, and Trump is already being sued over the restrictions that he has implemented. permalink parent award report block reply
RockFlagAndEagle2020 2 points 17 minutes ago I would shut the program down. Fuck you permalink parent award report block reply berserkerbarrage 1 points 11 minutes ago No, you wouldn't, because you wouldn't have the authority. H-1B was created and can only be ended by Congress, and Trump is already being sued over the restrictions that he has implemented. permalink parent award report block reply
berserkerbarrage 1 points 11 minutes ago No, you wouldn't, because you wouldn't have the authority. H-1B was created and can only be ended by Congress, and Trump is already being sued over the restrictions that he has implemented. permalink parent award report block reply