92 Trump trying to save hundreds of American universities is not what I voted for. We voted to burn down institutions that refuse to give up leftism. Boomer compromises are how you lose posted 5 hours ago by MasterChief08 9 comments award share report block Listen. I still maintain that Trump has been the best president in my lifetime, but the dude is a Boomer. The opposition literally wants to murder us and do harm to our families. After how they responded to Charlie being murdered, I don't view Democrats as Americans. I view them as terrorists and traitors living amongst us. The average Democrat is not an opponent. It's an enemy. They. Want. To. Kill. Us. Old school 80s politics is gone. This is war. You don't compromise with the enemy. You destroy them. I'm not voting and donating for moderates. I want far right policies. I want my people to not give up power. I want my people to arrest their people.. If you're a conservative or libertarian in government, you should be doing everything possible to hold onto power. Again: they want to murder you. You're a moron if you give up power in service of elections especially when we know the elections are rigged.
9 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style GA_Logic 7 points 5 hours ago I have to admit this is going to be a blindspot for the current administration. Why do we hire people from outside the USA when they come to the USA for their education? permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 4 points 5 hours ago Don‘t question! permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 4 hours ago All H1B-visa high tech workers have a masters in computer science or EE from a US university.  Some of these get thier tuition funded by the US government.  The tax payers pay for foreigners to come to the US and get high level degrees then take their jobs.  its a huge mess started under Clinton in the 1990s! permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 hours ago Foreign students pay out of state tuition rates. permalink parent award report block reply Iremembermypassword 3 points 5 hours ago I would like to add that the only reason Trump is alive right now is because he randomly turned his head when they tried to kill him. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 OP 5 points 5 hours ago Yep and the average Democrat is only upset the gunman missed. This is war. We're in a war. Anyone in MAGA trying to govern the entire country like it's 2001 is being a moron. Roughly 10-15% of the country is actively rooting to murder us. More if you count noncitizens. I don't share any values with a leftist. They literally want to murder me and mutilate children. At that point: f*** everything else. You hold onto power. We just confirmed the last regime was trying to lock up dozens of Senators for being associated with MAGA. That's called war. We have NO OBLIGATION to care what judges think anymore when the other side is trying to murder us. The only reason we're alive is because 70% of the military, 75% of gun owners and 80% of cops voted for Trump. What happens when they purge us from those positions? permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago Antifa is from US universities.  The violence against conservative Christians comes from US universities.  We need to start removing funds from universities that have violence against any Christian groups.  It is insane that Muslims do not get any violence on US campuses but Christians do.  WTF happened to this country?  Wait, its the democratic party. permalink award report block reply Mulletgunning 1 points 5 hours ago Miller/Zeldin 2028 permalink award report block reply FKH2 1 points 4 hours ago Save them by importing Chinese spies who pay more then Americans, I wonder why they do that and where they get the money permalink award report block reply
GA_Logic 7 points 5 hours ago I have to admit this is going to be a blindspot for the current administration. Why do we hire people from outside the USA when they come to the USA for their education? permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 4 points 5 hours ago Don‘t question! permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 3 points 4 hours ago All H1B-visa high tech workers have a masters in computer science or EE from a US university.  Some of these get thier tuition funded by the US government.  The tax payers pay for foreigners to come to the US and get high level degrees then take their jobs.  its a huge mess started under Clinton in the 1990s! permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 hours ago Foreign students pay out of state tuition rates. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 4 points 5 hours ago Don‘t question! permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 3 points 4 hours ago All H1B-visa high tech workers have a masters in computer science or EE from a US university.  Some of these get thier tuition funded by the US government.  The tax payers pay for foreigners to come to the US and get high level degrees then take their jobs.  its a huge mess started under Clinton in the 1990s! permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 hours ago Foreign students pay out of state tuition rates. permalink parent award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 hours ago Foreign students pay out of state tuition rates. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 3 points 5 hours ago I would like to add that the only reason Trump is alive right now is because he randomly turned his head when they tried to kill him. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 OP 5 points 5 hours ago Yep and the average Democrat is only upset the gunman missed. This is war. We're in a war. Anyone in MAGA trying to govern the entire country like it's 2001 is being a moron. Roughly 10-15% of the country is actively rooting to murder us. More if you count noncitizens. I don't share any values with a leftist. They literally want to murder me and mutilate children. At that point: f*** everything else. You hold onto power. We just confirmed the last regime was trying to lock up dozens of Senators for being associated with MAGA. That's called war. We have NO OBLIGATION to care what judges think anymore when the other side is trying to murder us. The only reason we're alive is because 70% of the military, 75% of gun owners and 80% of cops voted for Trump. What happens when they purge us from those positions? permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 OP 5 points 5 hours ago Yep and the average Democrat is only upset the gunman missed. This is war. We're in a war. Anyone in MAGA trying to govern the entire country like it's 2001 is being a moron. Roughly 10-15% of the country is actively rooting to murder us. More if you count noncitizens. I don't share any values with a leftist. They literally want to murder me and mutilate children. At that point: f*** everything else. You hold onto power. We just confirmed the last regime was trying to lock up dozens of Senators for being associated with MAGA. That's called war. We have NO OBLIGATION to care what judges think anymore when the other side is trying to murder us. The only reason we're alive is because 70% of the military, 75% of gun owners and 80% of cops voted for Trump. What happens when they purge us from those positions? permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 4 hours ago Antifa is from US universities.  The violence against conservative Christians comes from US universities.  We need to start removing funds from universities that have violence against any Christian groups.  It is insane that Muslims do not get any violence on US campuses but Christians do.  WTF happened to this country?  Wait, its the democratic party. permalink award report block reply
Mulletgunning 1 points 5 hours ago Miller/Zeldin 2028 permalink award report block reply
FKH2 1 points 4 hours ago Save them by importing Chinese spies who pay more then Americans, I wonder why they do that and where they get the money permalink award report block reply