11 H1B is not worth the political capital, no matter how much actual capital you think you may obtain from it. Don't be retarded, shitpost, and then gaslight us about how the inverse of what we want is based, actually. To those of you waiting to shittalk GEOTUS anytime he does something you don't like: posted 5 hours ago by blockchain-the-vote 16 comments award share download report block
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web Hair Grows Back in A Few Days! At Any Stage of Baldness HaloGrow MrMcGreenGenes 8 points 5 hours ago Ignore how it has affected MANY of us for MANY years, at your own peril. His comments about Americans are a fucking DISGRACE! permalink award report block reply happyfave -1 points 4 hours ago I mean, his comments are true. permalink parent award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 4 points 4 hours ago Then he should have run to be President of Shitlandia. permalink parent award report block reply Losferwords 6 points 5 hours ago The wealth transfer has already happened. Letting 10s of millions of primitive street shitters into the country to steal everyone's jobs is just keeping that wealth circulating at the top of the pyramid. permalink award report block reply happyfave -1 points 4 hours ago When did he say 10s of millions...  FFS, fuck off back to reddit permalink parent award report block reply Losferwords 2 points 3 hours ago There you go - listening to the government again! And, anyone that would post a meme of a tranime should be the one going back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Unless you live in buttfuck Wyoming there is no way at least one major area in your state hasn't turned into Mumbai. If you think that acceptable or sustainable then you go out and bathe in cow shit with those parasites. permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 6 points 5 hours ago Bootlicking fag permalink award report block reply blockchain-the-vote OP -3 points 5 hours ago subversive cocksucker permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 5 hours ago Submissive cocksucker lmao permalink parent award report block reply blockchain-the-vote OP -2 points 5 hours ago you worship the state fuck off lmao permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 4 hours ago I worship the state by being against the states decision to import foreigners? Lmfao please make sense idiot permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... breadbaker 2 points 3 hours ago Not trusting Trump Anymore. This is a disgrace. Astroturfing this under the rug is not MAGA or America First. And if you want to call names you fucking street shitter fuck yourself. permalink award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Dave smith thinks trump should be removed to satisfy his self righteous moralistic obsessions and sensibilities. I think Trump should be removed because he is bending over backwards to replace westerners with 3rd worlders in order to satisfy the globalist agenda. We are not the same permalink award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 8 points 5 hours ago Ignore how it has affected MANY of us for MANY years, at your own peril. His comments about Americans are a fucking DISGRACE! permalink award report block reply happyfave -1 points 4 hours ago I mean, his comments are true. permalink parent award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 4 points 4 hours ago Then he should have run to be President of Shitlandia. permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave -1 points 4 hours ago I mean, his comments are true. permalink parent award report block reply MrMcGreenGenes 4 points 4 hours ago Then he should have run to be President of Shitlandia. permalink parent award report block reply
MrMcGreenGenes 4 points 4 hours ago Then he should have run to be President of Shitlandia. permalink parent award report block reply
Losferwords 6 points 5 hours ago The wealth transfer has already happened. Letting 10s of millions of primitive street shitters into the country to steal everyone's jobs is just keeping that wealth circulating at the top of the pyramid. permalink award report block reply happyfave -1 points 4 hours ago When did he say 10s of millions...  FFS, fuck off back to reddit permalink parent award report block reply Losferwords 2 points 3 hours ago There you go - listening to the government again! And, anyone that would post a meme of a tranime should be the one going back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Unless you live in buttfuck Wyoming there is no way at least one major area in your state hasn't turned into Mumbai. If you think that acceptable or sustainable then you go out and bathe in cow shit with those parasites. permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave -1 points 4 hours ago When did he say 10s of millions...  FFS, fuck off back to reddit permalink parent award report block reply Losferwords 2 points 3 hours ago There you go - listening to the government again! And, anyone that would post a meme of a tranime should be the one going back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Unless you live in buttfuck Wyoming there is no way at least one major area in your state hasn't turned into Mumbai. If you think that acceptable or sustainable then you go out and bathe in cow shit with those parasites. permalink parent award report block reply
Losferwords 2 points 3 hours ago There you go - listening to the government again! And, anyone that would post a meme of a tranime should be the one going back to Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply
genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Unless you live in buttfuck Wyoming there is no way at least one major area in your state hasn't turned into Mumbai. If you think that acceptable or sustainable then you go out and bathe in cow shit with those parasites. permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 6 points 5 hours ago Bootlicking fag permalink award report block reply blockchain-the-vote OP -3 points 5 hours ago subversive cocksucker permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 5 hours ago Submissive cocksucker lmao permalink parent award report block reply blockchain-the-vote OP -2 points 5 hours ago you worship the state fuck off lmao permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 4 hours ago I worship the state by being against the states decision to import foreigners? Lmfao please make sense idiot permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
blockchain-the-vote OP -3 points 5 hours ago subversive cocksucker permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 1 points 5 hours ago Submissive cocksucker lmao permalink parent award report block reply blockchain-the-vote OP -2 points 5 hours ago you worship the state fuck off lmao permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 4 hours ago I worship the state by being against the states decision to import foreigners? Lmfao please make sense idiot permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 1 points 5 hours ago Submissive cocksucker lmao permalink parent award report block reply blockchain-the-vote OP -2 points 5 hours ago you worship the state fuck off lmao permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 4 hours ago I worship the state by being against the states decision to import foreigners? Lmfao please make sense idiot permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
blockchain-the-vote OP -2 points 5 hours ago you worship the state fuck off lmao permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 4 hours ago I worship the state by being against the states decision to import foreigners? Lmfao please make sense idiot permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 2 points 4 hours ago I worship the state by being against the states decision to import foreigners? Lmfao please make sense idiot permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
breadbaker 2 points 3 hours ago Not trusting Trump Anymore. This is a disgrace. Astroturfing this under the rug is not MAGA or America First. And if you want to call names you fucking street shitter fuck yourself. permalink award report block reply
genericamerican69 2 points 3 hours ago Dave smith thinks trump should be removed to satisfy his self righteous moralistic obsessions and sensibilities. I think Trump should be removed because he is bending over backwards to replace westerners with 3rd worlders in order to satisfy the globalist agenda. We are not the same permalink award report block reply