562 "I could end the deficit in 5 minutes. 

Just pass a law that says any time there's a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all members of Congress are ineligible for re-election. 

Now you've got the incentives in the right place." posted 3 days ago by TrumpCare 15 comments award share report block Visegrád 24 @visegrad24 • 3d "I could end the deficit in 5 minutes. Just pass a law that says any time there's a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all members of Congress are ineligible for re-election. Now you've got the incentives in the right place."
15 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Walked Away – Now We Know Why Read More Ads by Ad.Style mdcane 22 points 3 days ago "Just pass a law". The uniparty doesn't pass laws unless it's beneficial to both sides. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 10 points 3 days ago unless it's beneficial to NOT US permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 7 points 3 days ago Why not just pass a law with term limits? It’s silly to think congress will pass anything that’s ever going to hurt them. permalink parent award report block reply Plots 3 points 3 days ago These people changed the definition of “vaccine” so they could force you to take their shot; they have no problem changing the definition of “GDP” or “deficit “ so that they can stay. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 days ago It also wouldn't end the deficit, it would reduce it go 3% of gdp which is still like $900 billion. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 1 points 3 days ago GDP should not include government spending. Government spending is an expense, NOT a product. permalink parent award report block reply HappyFunBall 16 points 3 days ago "It is hard to imagine a more stupid or more dangerous way of making decisions than by putting those decisions in the hands of people who pay no price for being wrong." ~ Thomas Sowell permalink award report block reply LiquidSun 9 points 3 days ago Exactly, which is why the 19th must be repealed. permalink parent award report block reply Settin 5 points 3 days ago I like the sentiment, but 3% of GDP deficit is still almost a trillion a year. permalink award report block reply 47urOFH3d 2 points 3 days ago The deep state would love nothing more. The only time you make a truly informed decision at election, is when you have a candidate who has actually been in office before, so that you can compare promises made to promises kept. Get rid of that, and all the power lies in the opaque process that leads to a new person becoming a candidate. The deep state would also like term limits, for the same reason. Here, there's a counterargument regarding entrenched officials who can supress alternatives, but this argument gets far too much weight, imho. permalink award report block reply MAGA_mantis 1 points 3 days ago Okey doke. Good luck with that. permalink award report block reply Megaboom2025 1 points 3 days ago Or just make it illegal  to run a government debt. permalink award report block reply Shmioighan 1 points 3 days ago But I want it shut down, and I want them gone... permalink award report block reply Nomad899 1 points 3 days ago And they forfeit their net worth permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks -2 points 3 days ago I could do it in 1 minute. By ending a few million commies. permalink award report block reply
mdcane 22 points 3 days ago "Just pass a law". The uniparty doesn't pass laws unless it's beneficial to both sides. permalink award report block reply cyberrigger 10 points 3 days ago unless it's beneficial to NOT US permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 7 points 3 days ago Why not just pass a law with term limits? It’s silly to think congress will pass anything that’s ever going to hurt them. permalink parent award report block reply Plots 3 points 3 days ago These people changed the definition of “vaccine” so they could force you to take their shot; they have no problem changing the definition of “GDP” or “deficit “ so that they can stay. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 days ago It also wouldn't end the deficit, it would reduce it go 3% of gdp which is still like $900 billion. permalink parent award report block reply cyberrigger 1 points 3 days ago GDP should not include government spending. Government spending is an expense, NOT a product. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 10 points 3 days ago unless it's beneficial to NOT US permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 7 points 3 days ago Why not just pass a law with term limits? It’s silly to think congress will pass anything that’s ever going to hurt them. permalink parent award report block reply
Plots 3 points 3 days ago These people changed the definition of “vaccine” so they could force you to take their shot; they have no problem changing the definition of “GDP” or “deficit “ so that they can stay. permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 3 days ago It also wouldn't end the deficit, it would reduce it go 3% of gdp which is still like $900 billion. permalink parent award report block reply
cyberrigger 1 points 3 days ago GDP should not include government spending. Government spending is an expense, NOT a product. permalink parent award report block reply
HappyFunBall 16 points 3 days ago "It is hard to imagine a more stupid or more dangerous way of making decisions than by putting those decisions in the hands of people who pay no price for being wrong." ~ Thomas Sowell permalink award report block reply LiquidSun 9 points 3 days ago Exactly, which is why the 19th must be repealed. permalink parent award report block reply
LiquidSun 9 points 3 days ago Exactly, which is why the 19th must be repealed. permalink parent award report block reply
Settin 5 points 3 days ago I like the sentiment, but 3% of GDP deficit is still almost a trillion a year. permalink award report block reply
47urOFH3d 2 points 3 days ago The deep state would love nothing more. The only time you make a truly informed decision at election, is when you have a candidate who has actually been in office before, so that you can compare promises made to promises kept. Get rid of that, and all the power lies in the opaque process that leads to a new person becoming a candidate. The deep state would also like term limits, for the same reason. Here, there's a counterargument regarding entrenched officials who can supress alternatives, but this argument gets far too much weight, imho. permalink award report block reply
MAGA_mantis 1 points 3 days ago Okey doke. Good luck with that. permalink award report block reply
Megaboom2025 1 points 3 days ago Or just make it illegal  to run a government debt. permalink award report block reply
Shmioighan 1 points 3 days ago But I want it shut down, and I want them gone... permalink award report block reply
Nomad899 1 points 3 days ago And they forfeit their net worth permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks -2 points 3 days ago I could do it in 1 minute. By ending a few million commies. permalink award report block reply