45 At least illegal alien hispanics are Catholics. Replacing them with muslims, hindus, and eastern atheists (communist-prone) will make things even worse. Deport them all and shut down immigration. posted 10 hours ago by wharfthrowaway 5 comments award share report block It's disgusting watching RINOs try to define what MAGA is
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 9 hours ago Hispanics from Central America, even though Catholic, are also heavily indoctrinated with Marxist beliefs.  Especially those coming from Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala.  IMO, they all gots to go.  We're full.  No room at the inn. permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 2 points 8 hours ago Deport them ALL!  I agree though for potential immigrants Catholics share more in common with American values and poojeets and aloha snackbars! permalink award report block reply PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah tio touches the little girl in front of his abuelas madres Virgin Mary statue. 😒 permalink award report block reply Truth_Cipher 2 points 8 hours ago Make baptism and the practicing of Christianity part of the immigration and the numbers will drop. permalink award report block reply Jmricht 1 points 8 hours ago Calm the f down. permalink award report block reply
DirtyDiaperJoe 3 points 9 hours ago Hispanics from Central America, even though Catholic, are also heavily indoctrinated with Marxist beliefs.  Especially those coming from Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala.  IMO, they all gots to go.  We're full.  No room at the inn. permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 2 points 8 hours ago Deport them ALL!  I agree though for potential immigrants Catholics share more in common with American values and poojeets and aloha snackbars! permalink award report block reply
PatriotSkorzeny 2 points 9 hours ago Yeah tio touches the little girl in front of his abuelas madres Virgin Mary statue. 😒 permalink award report block reply
Truth_Cipher 2 points 8 hours ago Make baptism and the practicing of Christianity part of the immigration and the numbers will drop. permalink award report block reply
Jmricht 1 points 8 hours ago Calm the f down. permalink award report block reply