53 With all of this H1B talk... posted 5 hours ago by kamalas_knees 5 comments award share report block ...Trump sounds vaxxed.
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save TrumpWonByALandslide 6 points 5 hours ago And boosted like five times. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 3 hours ago And antiWhite permalink parent award report block reply blitzkrieg1 1 points 3 hours ago Not trying to own. Just an example of the misstatements people grab on to. permalink award report block reply blitzkrieg1 -1 points 3 hours ago This may help since you obviously have no clue. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP4pY/trumps-remarks-explained/c permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 3 hours ago From the comments on that post, I don't think that's the own you think it is. Trump stepped in it and his only hope now is killing the Visa system even if it gives wall street the flu. They will recover over time. Main street will not. We will keep screaming until he hears us and does what we want. If not, we hand everything back to those who are at least honest about their intentions. Obviously he gets a repeat of impeachment, but with actual removal and jail this time. Either he is with the American worker or we will find someone else. He didn't find us, we found him. There are others. And they're ready to fight for the American worker who has been slowly smothered since the mid 60s. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpWonByALandslide 6 points 5 hours ago And boosted like five times. permalink award report block reply GatoradeJeb 2 points 3 hours ago And antiWhite permalink parent award report block reply
GatoradeJeb 2 points 3 hours ago And antiWhite permalink parent award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 1 points 3 hours ago Not trying to own. Just an example of the misstatements people grab on to. permalink award report block reply
blitzkrieg1 -1 points 3 hours ago This may help since you obviously have no clue. https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nP4pY/trumps-remarks-explained/c permalink award report block reply Awakened 1 points 3 hours ago From the comments on that post, I don't think that's the own you think it is. Trump stepped in it and his only hope now is killing the Visa system even if it gives wall street the flu. They will recover over time. Main street will not. We will keep screaming until he hears us and does what we want. If not, we hand everything back to those who are at least honest about their intentions. Obviously he gets a repeat of impeachment, but with actual removal and jail this time. Either he is with the American worker or we will find someone else. He didn't find us, we found him. There are others. And they're ready to fight for the American worker who has been slowly smothered since the mid 60s. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 1 points 3 hours ago From the comments on that post, I don't think that's the own you think it is. Trump stepped in it and his only hope now is killing the Visa system even if it gives wall street the flu. They will recover over time. Main street will not. We will keep screaming until he hears us and does what we want. If not, we hand everything back to those who are at least honest about their intentions. Obviously he gets a repeat of impeachment, but with actual removal and jail this time. Either he is with the American worker or we will find someone else. He didn't find us, we found him. There are others. And they're ready to fight for the American worker who has been slowly smothered since the mid 60s. permalink parent award report block reply