30 "Strongest economy ever" posted 2 hours ago by Pkvi_redeux 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save loktar00 11 points 2 hours ago This is actually insane. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 27 minutes ago It's not. They completely destroyed that reporting over the last 4 years and reporting the month during a shutdown will not be indication of a trend and thus be nothing but fodder for critics who want us to be broke and die. They brought in a new guy in August who basically said that he wanted to stop the reporting altogether until he gets it fixed. You do know that the last 4 years almost all of it was fake, right? And that the Federal Reserve was using unpublished data to hand to "super users" (or whatever they called them). People got caught. What's insane is that they almost completely destroyed our country and lied about everything. permalink parent award report block reply Awakened 11 points 2 hours ago This is bad. Makes them look like they're hiding something because they are.  If the numbers are being tanked by the shutdown, just say it and release. Must be really bad beyond that. permalink award report block reply whatsupup 9 points 2 hours ago they released CPI and jobs during the last shutdown and even during peak COVID. this is just a smoke screen.  we're stupid after all permalink award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 4 points 2 hours ago The government shutdown effectively created an additional 5% unemployment overnight + strange CPI. However the unemployment data is borderline meaningless and the CPI data will change again once the shutdown stops. permalink award report block reply eclectic22 -2 points 2 hours ago Why are you gloating? permalink award report block reply king_cocoon 0 points 2 hours ago Because he's part of the wave of cucks who should be deported. permalink parent award report block reply
loktar00 11 points 2 hours ago This is actually insane. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 27 minutes ago It's not. They completely destroyed that reporting over the last 4 years and reporting the month during a shutdown will not be indication of a trend and thus be nothing but fodder for critics who want us to be broke and die. They brought in a new guy in August who basically said that he wanted to stop the reporting altogether until he gets it fixed. You do know that the last 4 years almost all of it was fake, right? And that the Federal Reserve was using unpublished data to hand to "super users" (or whatever they called them). People got caught. What's insane is that they almost completely destroyed our country and lied about everything. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 27 minutes ago It's not. They completely destroyed that reporting over the last 4 years and reporting the month during a shutdown will not be indication of a trend and thus be nothing but fodder for critics who want us to be broke and die. They brought in a new guy in August who basically said that he wanted to stop the reporting altogether until he gets it fixed. You do know that the last 4 years almost all of it was fake, right? And that the Federal Reserve was using unpublished data to hand to "super users" (or whatever they called them). People got caught. What's insane is that they almost completely destroyed our country and lied about everything. permalink parent award report block reply
Awakened 11 points 2 hours ago This is bad. Makes them look like they're hiding something because they are.  If the numbers are being tanked by the shutdown, just say it and release. Must be really bad beyond that. permalink award report block reply
whatsupup 9 points 2 hours ago they released CPI and jobs during the last shutdown and even during peak COVID. this is just a smoke screen.  we're stupid after all permalink award report block reply
RedStoneDeepState 4 points 2 hours ago The government shutdown effectively created an additional 5% unemployment overnight + strange CPI. However the unemployment data is borderline meaningless and the CPI data will change again once the shutdown stops. permalink award report block reply
eclectic22 -2 points 2 hours ago Why are you gloating? permalink award report block reply king_cocoon 0 points 2 hours ago Because he's part of the wave of cucks who should be deported. permalink parent award report block reply
king_cocoon 0 points 2 hours ago Because he's part of the wave of cucks who should be deported. permalink parent award report block reply