198 This version of Trump is not what we voted for posted 9 hours ago by 2000mules2000arrests 55 comments award share download report block
55 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save 2000mules2000arrests OP 13 points 9 hours ago It’ll be a ballroom for our future communist overlords if he doesn’t get serious about mass deportation. permalink award report block reply Krat 5 points 8 hours ago Withb0 arrests itll be a full communist cpuntry in 1 to 2 more years permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -2 points 7 hours ago Tell me youre a democrat npc without telling me. Any more buzzwords you want to try to fit in? permalink parent award report block reply happyfave -3 points 8 hours ago Question dooomer..  how is he not being serious about deportations? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 7 points 7 hours ago We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance.  Why aren't they tracked down and kicked out immediately?  Is it because they aren't raping and murdering anyone, so it's OK that they essentially commit grand larceny? If they're using fake names and addresses, why aren't those specific handout cut off immediately and force them to self-deport?  That's something DOGE should specifically be working on. There are still hotels filled with illegal invaders all around the country.  Why haven't those been emptied and the invaders kicked out?  Then have them replaced with homeless Americans and veterans. Those are some reasons, among others, that people question the seriousness of the deportation effort. permalink parent award report block reply mass55th 0 points 5 hours ago "We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance." So what are their names, and their addresses? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 hour ago If I were in a position that had access to that information, which the government  definitely does, why would I tell you and why would I post it here?  Why would you even bother posting such a moronic question? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... LiteraIIyHitIer 0 points 5 hours ago You know what he means, asshole, stop pretending you're ignorant and badgering him for evidence you know the government possesses. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments... LibsRTards 11 points 9 hours ago I took out a 30 year loan. Paid it off in 15. No penalties. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 8 hours ago tried to talk my wife into taking out a 10 year mortgage. much lower interest but the thought of being $1k poorer per month spooks her too much permalink parent award report block reply happyfave 4 points 8 hours ago Nothing stops you from paying more monthly, and the interest is a tax write-off permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 7 hours ago i make additional principal each month ... just saying i would rather the extra $1k/month expense and be done sooner.... can't force the queen though permalink parent award report block reply notsuicidalatall 1 points 8 hours ago THIS.  As counterintuitive as it may sound, mortgage is a good debt.  Example, without it, i'd ower an extra $4,000 in federal taxes per year.
Sure, could it be argued that the interest owed on a mortgage loan is still 25x higher then the 4,000 benefit per year, yes, but the mortgage provides a home on property.  If i werent paying the 1400.00 mortgage payment, i'd be paying the same or similar in rent.
and these days, if you rent, you also have to pony up insurance to get a lease. even if you do the 30 year mortgage, you can make extra payments toward principle, instead of keeping $1,000 in your pocket per month. And let's be honest, if you can afford to let that 1k per month go, you're not living too closely to paycheck-paycheck anyway.  30 year mortgage give most people a home, and investment, some rights, and the wiggle room in case of a chronic health issue, etc. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 7 hours ago the only thing i would add is if you know you can spare an extra $1k per month just do it and pay your house off sooner. the interest rate will not only be LOWER you will also be done in 10 years instead of 30.  i split the mortgage with my wife so I can't dictate loan policy in our house completely. we do pay extra principal each month though which has already wiped a a few years off the total debt permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... LauraCoomer 9 points 9 hours ago And 15 year car loans permalink award report block reply OneTypoComment 7 points 9 hours ago we've been able to finance a pizza delivery for years now permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 2 points 8 hours ago So hes outlawed all other loan structures? Marie Anne Trumpette confirmed! permalink parent award report block reply 24601 2 points 8 hours ago It's really about optics. The 50-year mortgage option might possibly work for some people.  However, the underlying problems of general affordability of single family homes has not been addressed. Personally, I maintain that most of those complaining about affordability are actually complaining about "acceptability" of what is affordable.  These are different things altogether. Buy what is personally affordable whether or not it seems "acceptable".... and then make it acceptable through reinvestment of earned equity in the "unacceptable" home. However, most people would rather complain about not being able to afford a McMansion. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago So do you want Trump to wave a magic wand to affect housing costs? Why not just institute price controls like mamdani is going to then? If you want housing prices to come down, you have to incentivize builders to build more, or reduce population so demand goes down. Those are your options other than communism, and neither of those can the President do much about. So sounds like more dooming, dooming is so in vogue right now! permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 8 hours ago Then I guess he was just full of shit on the campaign trail. He should have just shut the fuck up and told us the truth, America is fucked and there's nothing he can do even as President. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 24601 0 points 8 hours ago If you want housing prices to come down, Please find any area in the entire nation except within the actual city limits of major cities where there are ZERO homes within the particular area's average family income. Post that area here. I await the results of your search and due diligence. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... happyfave 1 points 8 hours ago This place is so full of cry babies lately even with all of the winning permalink parent award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 8 hours ago Winning is short lived when any random judge can overturn it permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Dooooom! Doooom for your lives! permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 8 hours ago Just dem npcs, doomer boomers, and gen z spergingtons trying to gaslight people into hopelessness, nothing new unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply HumblePepe 8 points 8 hours ago And 600,000 more chinese spies. And a billion more Indians. permalink award report block reply CrossTheRubixCube 6 points 8 hours ago More immigrants because Americans are too stupid and talentless. Nobody knows MAGA like Zion Don. permalink award report block reply GayPatriotMAGAUncle 3 points 59 minutes ago I voted for Trump three times and both times he has delivered on all his promises! You stupid fucking stormfags and Fuentes fag shills won't divide MAGA. Everything Trump said this week is a nonissue that only stormfags and millennial fags take issue with! permalink award report block reply referencevariable 2 points 8 hours ago If 50 is good, how about 100 year, 1000 year? See how easily it becomes indistinguishable from renting? How about capping property taxes of these new mortgages at 1% assessed value? Since you're getting screwed with a 50-year mortgage at least it will keep you from getting screwed again by the local school board. permalink award report block reply ahamrbond 2 points 7 hours ago He's trying to buy us time. If the housing market falls, everyone is fucked. The government backs 70% of mortgages. A lot of this debt is owned by pension companies and banks. So if the housing market collapses, everything goes bye bye. The government will have to print up many trillions to get out of this and the dollar will be severely debased. We might even lose our reserve status if it happens fast enough. We're basically hanging on for dear life and Trump is trying to fix the economy before it is too late. I'm not saying it is a fool's errand, because I think he can help a lot. But it's all going to go down at some point. The collapse will be global. Trump is at least trying to position us so that we can come out of it okay. It will be tough though. Buckle up. And stop putting Trump under the microscope because he understands all this stuff waaaaaay more than you do. permalink award report block reply DarthVerminates 1 points 3 hours ago Also; since I don't hear anyone saying it... this turns inflation into your friend. After 30 years the remainder of the loan will be deflated into nothingness you can easily pay off quickly if you want to. permalink parent award report block reply ArnoldF 0 points 5 hours ago Doomers are trying really hard to break up MAGA. permalink award report block reply JesusIsMyGod114 0 points 6 hours ago This is a trump fan-fage. If you're gunna start crying about him then you can leave and delete your account. permalink award report block reply The_Left_The -1 points 6 hours ago Oh hey look, another CIA attempt to crack consensus. No one fucking cares about the ballroom any more, you faggots. permalink award report block reply 2000mules2000arrests OP 1 points 6 hours ago EXACTLY! No one cares about the ballroom. I didn’t vote for a ballroom. He shouldn’t spend even a minute of time on it. You sound paranoid calling anyone willing to call it what it is CIA. You might be in a cult if you can’t question your leader. permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue -1 points 8 hours ago REEEEE I HATE TRUMP!!!! TRUMP BAD!!!! YOU SHOULD HATE TRUMP TOO!!! REEEEEE!!!!! fuck off back to reddit, tranny permalink award report block reply
2000mules2000arrests OP 13 points 9 hours ago It’ll be a ballroom for our future communist overlords if he doesn’t get serious about mass deportation. permalink award report block reply Krat 5 points 8 hours ago Withb0 arrests itll be a full communist cpuntry in 1 to 2 more years permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -2 points 7 hours ago Tell me youre a democrat npc without telling me. Any more buzzwords you want to try to fit in? permalink parent award report block reply happyfave -3 points 8 hours ago Question dooomer..  how is he not being serious about deportations? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 7 points 7 hours ago We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance.  Why aren't they tracked down and kicked out immediately?  Is it because they aren't raping and murdering anyone, so it's OK that they essentially commit grand larceny? If they're using fake names and addresses, why aren't those specific handout cut off immediately and force them to self-deport?  That's something DOGE should specifically be working on. There are still hotels filled with illegal invaders all around the country.  Why haven't those been emptied and the invaders kicked out?  Then have them replaced with homeless Americans and veterans. Those are some reasons, among others, that people question the seriousness of the deportation effort. permalink parent award report block reply mass55th 0 points 5 hours ago "We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance." So what are their names, and their addresses? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 hour ago If I were in a position that had access to that information, which the government  definitely does, why would I tell you and why would I post it here?  Why would you even bother posting such a moronic question? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... LiteraIIyHitIer 0 points 5 hours ago You know what he means, asshole, stop pretending you're ignorant and badgering him for evidence you know the government possesses. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
Krat 5 points 8 hours ago Withb0 arrests itll be a full communist cpuntry in 1 to 2 more years permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut -2 points 7 hours ago Tell me youre a democrat npc without telling me. Any more buzzwords you want to try to fit in? permalink parent award report block reply
happyfave -3 points 8 hours ago Question dooomer..  how is he not being serious about deportations? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 7 points 7 hours ago We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance.  Why aren't they tracked down and kicked out immediately?  Is it because they aren't raping and murdering anyone, so it's OK that they essentially commit grand larceny? If they're using fake names and addresses, why aren't those specific handout cut off immediately and force them to self-deport?  That's something DOGE should specifically be working on. There are still hotels filled with illegal invaders all around the country.  Why haven't those been emptied and the invaders kicked out?  Then have them replaced with homeless Americans and veterans. Those are some reasons, among others, that people question the seriousness of the deportation effort. permalink parent award report block reply mass55th 0 points 5 hours ago "We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance." So what are their names, and their addresses? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 hour ago If I were in a position that had access to that information, which the government  definitely does, why would I tell you and why would I post it here?  Why would you even bother posting such a moronic question? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... LiteraIIyHitIer 0 points 5 hours ago You know what he means, asshole, stop pretending you're ignorant and badgering him for evidence you know the government possesses. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
TheThreeSeashells 7 points 7 hours ago We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance.  Why aren't they tracked down and kicked out immediately?  Is it because they aren't raping and murdering anyone, so it's OK that they essentially commit grand larceny? If they're using fake names and addresses, why aren't those specific handout cut off immediately and force them to self-deport?  That's something DOGE should specifically be working on. There are still hotels filled with illegal invaders all around the country.  Why haven't those been emptied and the invaders kicked out?  Then have them replaced with homeless Americans and veterans. Those are some reasons, among others, that people question the seriousness of the deportation effort. permalink parent award report block reply mass55th 0 points 5 hours ago "We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance." So what are their names, and their addresses? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 hour ago If I were in a position that had access to that information, which the government  definitely does, why would I tell you and why would I post it here?  Why would you even bother posting such a moronic question? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... LiteraIIyHitIer 0 points 5 hours ago You know what he means, asshole, stop pretending you're ignorant and badgering him for evidence you know the government possesses. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
mass55th 0 points 5 hours ago "We have names and addresses of illegals receiving government assistance." So what are their names, and their addresses? permalink parent award report block reply TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 hour ago If I were in a position that had access to that information, which the government  definitely does, why would I tell you and why would I post it here?  Why would you even bother posting such a moronic question? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... LiteraIIyHitIer 0 points 5 hours ago You know what he means, asshole, stop pretending you're ignorant and badgering him for evidence you know the government possesses. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
TheThreeSeashells 2 points 1 hour ago If I were in a position that had access to that information, which the government  definitely does, why would I tell you and why would I post it here?  Why would you even bother posting such a moronic question? permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
LiteraIIyHitIer 0 points 5 hours ago You know what he means, asshole, stop pretending you're ignorant and badgering him for evidence you know the government possesses. permalink parent award report block reply view 9 more comments...
LibsRTards 11 points 9 hours ago I took out a 30 year loan. Paid it off in 15. No penalties. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 4 points 8 hours ago tried to talk my wife into taking out a 10 year mortgage. much lower interest but the thought of being $1k poorer per month spooks her too much permalink parent award report block reply happyfave 4 points 8 hours ago Nothing stops you from paying more monthly, and the interest is a tax write-off permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 7 hours ago i make additional principal each month ... just saying i would rather the extra $1k/month expense and be done sooner.... can't force the queen though permalink parent award report block reply notsuicidalatall 1 points 8 hours ago THIS.  As counterintuitive as it may sound, mortgage is a good debt.  Example, without it, i'd ower an extra $4,000 in federal taxes per year.
and these days, if you rent, you also have to pony up insurance to get a lease. even if you do the 30 year mortgage, you can make extra payments toward principle, instead of keeping $1,000 in your pocket per month. And let's be honest, if you can afford to let that 1k per month go, you're not living too closely to paycheck-paycheck anyway.  30 year mortgage give most people a home, and investment, some rights, and the wiggle room in case of a chronic health issue, etc. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 2 points 7 hours ago the only thing i would add is if you know you can spare an extra $1k per month just do it and pay your house off sooner. the interest rate will not only be LOWER you will also be done in 10 years instead of 30.  i split the mortgage with my wife so I can't dictate loan policy in our house completely. we do pay extra principal each month though which has already wiped a a few years off the total debt permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
mty_green_go 4 points 8 hours ago tried to talk my wife into taking out a 10 year mortgage. much lower interest but the thought of being $1k poorer per month spooks her too much permalink parent award report block reply happyfave 4 points 8 hours ago Nothing stops you from paying more monthly, and the interest is a tax write-off permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 7 hours ago i make additional principal each month ... just saying i would rather the extra $1k/month expense and be done sooner.... can't force the queen though permalink parent award report block reply notsuicidalatall 1 points 8 hours ago THIS.  As counterintuitive as it may sound, mortgage is a good debt.  Example, without it, i'd ower an extra $4,000 in federal taxes per year.
happyfave 4 points 8 hours ago Nothing stops you from paying more monthly, and the interest is a tax write-off permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 1 points 7 hours ago i make additional principal each month ... just saying i would rather the extra $1k/month expense and be done sooner.... can't force the queen though permalink parent award report block reply notsuicidalatall 1 points 8 hours ago THIS.  As counterintuitive as it may sound, mortgage is a good debt.  Example, without it, i'd ower an extra $4,000 in federal taxes per year.
mty_green_go 1 points 7 hours ago i make additional principal each month ... just saying i would rather the extra $1k/month expense and be done sooner.... can't force the queen though permalink parent award report block reply
notsuicidalatall 1 points 8 hours ago THIS.  As counterintuitive as it may sound, mortgage is a good debt.  Example, without it, i'd ower an extra $4,000 in federal taxes per year.
mty_green_go 2 points 7 hours ago the only thing i would add is if you know you can spare an extra $1k per month just do it and pay your house off sooner. the interest rate will not only be LOWER you will also be done in 10 years instead of 30.  i split the mortgage with my wife so I can't dictate loan policy in our house completely. we do pay extra principal each month though which has already wiped a a few years off the total debt permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
LauraCoomer 9 points 9 hours ago And 15 year car loans permalink award report block reply OneTypoComment 7 points 9 hours ago we've been able to finance a pizza delivery for years now permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 2 points 8 hours ago So hes outlawed all other loan structures? Marie Anne Trumpette confirmed! permalink parent award report block reply 24601 2 points 8 hours ago It's really about optics. The 50-year mortgage option might possibly work for some people.  However, the underlying problems of general affordability of single family homes has not been addressed. Personally, I maintain that most of those complaining about affordability are actually complaining about "acceptability" of what is affordable.  These are different things altogether. Buy what is personally affordable whether or not it seems "acceptable".... and then make it acceptable through reinvestment of earned equity in the "unacceptable" home. However, most people would rather complain about not being able to afford a McMansion. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago So do you want Trump to wave a magic wand to affect housing costs? Why not just institute price controls like mamdani is going to then? If you want housing prices to come down, you have to incentivize builders to build more, or reduce population so demand goes down. Those are your options other than communism, and neither of those can the President do much about. So sounds like more dooming, dooming is so in vogue right now! permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 8 hours ago Then I guess he was just full of shit on the campaign trail. He should have just shut the fuck up and told us the truth, America is fucked and there's nothing he can do even as President. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 24601 0 points 8 hours ago If you want housing prices to come down, Please find any area in the entire nation except within the actual city limits of major cities where there are ZERO homes within the particular area's average family income. Post that area here. I await the results of your search and due diligence. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... happyfave 1 points 8 hours ago This place is so full of cry babies lately even with all of the winning permalink parent award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 8 hours ago Winning is short lived when any random judge can overturn it permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Dooooom! Doooom for your lives! permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 8 hours ago Just dem npcs, doomer boomers, and gen z spergingtons trying to gaslight people into hopelessness, nothing new unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply
OneTypoComment 7 points 9 hours ago we've been able to finance a pizza delivery for years now permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 2 points 8 hours ago So hes outlawed all other loan structures? Marie Anne Trumpette confirmed! permalink parent award report block reply 24601 2 points 8 hours ago It's really about optics. The 50-year mortgage option might possibly work for some people.  However, the underlying problems of general affordability of single family homes has not been addressed. Personally, I maintain that most of those complaining about affordability are actually complaining about "acceptability" of what is affordable.  These are different things altogether. Buy what is personally affordable whether or not it seems "acceptable".... and then make it acceptable through reinvestment of earned equity in the "unacceptable" home. However, most people would rather complain about not being able to afford a McMansion. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago So do you want Trump to wave a magic wand to affect housing costs? Why not just institute price controls like mamdani is going to then? If you want housing prices to come down, you have to incentivize builders to build more, or reduce population so demand goes down. Those are your options other than communism, and neither of those can the President do much about. So sounds like more dooming, dooming is so in vogue right now! permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 8 hours ago Then I guess he was just full of shit on the campaign trail. He should have just shut the fuck up and told us the truth, America is fucked and there's nothing he can do even as President. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 24601 0 points 8 hours ago If you want housing prices to come down, Please find any area in the entire nation except within the actual city limits of major cities where there are ZERO homes within the particular area's average family income. Post that area here. I await the results of your search and due diligence. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... happyfave 1 points 8 hours ago This place is so full of cry babies lately even with all of the winning permalink parent award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 8 hours ago Winning is short lived when any random judge can overturn it permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Dooooom! Doooom for your lives! permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 8 hours ago Just dem npcs, doomer boomers, and gen z spergingtons trying to gaslight people into hopelessness, nothing new unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply
24601 2 points 8 hours ago It's really about optics. The 50-year mortgage option might possibly work for some people.  However, the underlying problems of general affordability of single family homes has not been addressed. Personally, I maintain that most of those complaining about affordability are actually complaining about "acceptability" of what is affordable.  These are different things altogether. Buy what is personally affordable whether or not it seems "acceptable".... and then make it acceptable through reinvestment of earned equity in the "unacceptable" home. However, most people would rather complain about not being able to afford a McMansion. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago So do you want Trump to wave a magic wand to affect housing costs? Why not just institute price controls like mamdani is going to then? If you want housing prices to come down, you have to incentivize builders to build more, or reduce population so demand goes down. Those are your options other than communism, and neither of those can the President do much about. So sounds like more dooming, dooming is so in vogue right now! permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 8 hours ago Then I guess he was just full of shit on the campaign trail. He should have just shut the fuck up and told us the truth, America is fucked and there's nothing he can do even as President. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 24601 0 points 8 hours ago If you want housing prices to come down, Please find any area in the entire nation except within the actual city limits of major cities where there are ZERO homes within the particular area's average family income. Post that area here. I await the results of your search and due diligence. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago So do you want Trump to wave a magic wand to affect housing costs? Why not just institute price controls like mamdani is going to then? If you want housing prices to come down, you have to incentivize builders to build more, or reduce population so demand goes down. Those are your options other than communism, and neither of those can the President do much about. So sounds like more dooming, dooming is so in vogue right now! permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 4 points 8 hours ago Then I guess he was just full of shit on the campaign trail. He should have just shut the fuck up and told us the truth, America is fucked and there's nothing he can do even as President. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... 24601 0 points 8 hours ago If you want housing prices to come down, Please find any area in the entire nation except within the actual city limits of major cities where there are ZERO homes within the particular area's average family income. Post that area here. I await the results of your search and due diligence. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
chickeninoven 4 points 8 hours ago Then I guess he was just full of shit on the campaign trail. He should have just shut the fuck up and told us the truth, America is fucked and there's nothing he can do even as President. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
24601 0 points 8 hours ago If you want housing prices to come down, Please find any area in the entire nation except within the actual city limits of major cities where there are ZERO homes within the particular area's average family income. Post that area here. I await the results of your search and due diligence. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
happyfave 1 points 8 hours ago This place is so full of cry babies lately even with all of the winning permalink parent award report block reply Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 8 hours ago Winning is short lived when any random judge can overturn it permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Dooooom! Doooom for your lives! permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut -1 points 8 hours ago Just dem npcs, doomer boomers, and gen z spergingtons trying to gaslight people into hopelessness, nothing new unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply
Thefrogeatsfree 1 points 8 hours ago Winning is short lived when any random judge can overturn it permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Dooooom! Doooom for your lives! permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Dooooom! Doooom for your lives! permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut -1 points 8 hours ago Just dem npcs, doomer boomers, and gen z spergingtons trying to gaslight people into hopelessness, nothing new unfortunately. permalink parent award report block reply
HumblePepe 8 points 8 hours ago And 600,000 more chinese spies. And a billion more Indians. permalink award report block reply
CrossTheRubixCube 6 points 8 hours ago More immigrants because Americans are too stupid and talentless. Nobody knows MAGA like Zion Don. permalink award report block reply
GayPatriotMAGAUncle 3 points 59 minutes ago I voted for Trump three times and both times he has delivered on all his promises! You stupid fucking stormfags and Fuentes fag shills won't divide MAGA. Everything Trump said this week is a nonissue that only stormfags and millennial fags take issue with! permalink award report block reply
referencevariable 2 points 8 hours ago If 50 is good, how about 100 year, 1000 year? See how easily it becomes indistinguishable from renting? How about capping property taxes of these new mortgages at 1% assessed value? Since you're getting screwed with a 50-year mortgage at least it will keep you from getting screwed again by the local school board. permalink award report block reply
ahamrbond 2 points 7 hours ago He's trying to buy us time. If the housing market falls, everyone is fucked. The government backs 70% of mortgages. A lot of this debt is owned by pension companies and banks. So if the housing market collapses, everything goes bye bye. The government will have to print up many trillions to get out of this and the dollar will be severely debased. We might even lose our reserve status if it happens fast enough. We're basically hanging on for dear life and Trump is trying to fix the economy before it is too late. I'm not saying it is a fool's errand, because I think he can help a lot. But it's all going to go down at some point. The collapse will be global. Trump is at least trying to position us so that we can come out of it okay. It will be tough though. Buckle up. And stop putting Trump under the microscope because he understands all this stuff waaaaaay more than you do. permalink award report block reply DarthVerminates 1 points 3 hours ago Also; since I don't hear anyone saying it... this turns inflation into your friend. After 30 years the remainder of the loan will be deflated into nothingness you can easily pay off quickly if you want to. permalink parent award report block reply
DarthVerminates 1 points 3 hours ago Also; since I don't hear anyone saying it... this turns inflation into your friend. After 30 years the remainder of the loan will be deflated into nothingness you can easily pay off quickly if you want to. permalink parent award report block reply
ArnoldF 0 points 5 hours ago Doomers are trying really hard to break up MAGA. permalink award report block reply
JesusIsMyGod114 0 points 6 hours ago This is a trump fan-fage. If you're gunna start crying about him then you can leave and delete your account. permalink award report block reply
The_Left_The -1 points 6 hours ago Oh hey look, another CIA attempt to crack consensus. No one fucking cares about the ballroom any more, you faggots. permalink award report block reply 2000mules2000arrests OP 1 points 6 hours ago EXACTLY! No one cares about the ballroom. I didn’t vote for a ballroom. He shouldn’t spend even a minute of time on it. You sound paranoid calling anyone willing to call it what it is CIA. You might be in a cult if you can’t question your leader. permalink parent award report block reply
2000mules2000arrests OP 1 points 6 hours ago EXACTLY! No one cares about the ballroom. I didn’t vote for a ballroom. He shouldn’t spend even a minute of time on it. You sound paranoid calling anyone willing to call it what it is CIA. You might be in a cult if you can’t question your leader. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue -1 points 8 hours ago REEEEE I HATE TRUMP!!!! TRUMP BAD!!!! YOU SHOULD HATE TRUMP TOO!!! REEEEEE!!!!! fuck off back to reddit, tranny permalink award report block reply