384 🚨 BREAKING: President Trump just told ALL GOP senators what can be accomplished if the filibuster is nuked — voter ID, no mass mail-in voting and fraud, ending no cash bail, and ZERO welfare for illegals. posted 5 days ago by LightBeacons 25 comments award share report block Eric Daugherty @EricLDaugh • 5d 🚨 BREAKING: President Trump just told ALL GOP senators what can be accomplished if the filibuster is nuked — voter ID, no mass mail-in voting and fraud, ending no cash bail, and ZERO welfare for illegals.  https://t.co/EXfTu3SWsn "It doesn't make ANY sense that a Republican
25 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save perma-maga 9 points 5 days ago You m-m-mean w-w-w-win??? Gulp. That's crazy talk. ― GOP permalink award report block reply Calumet57 8 points 5 days ago Our Senate is saying too Thune for such a measure. permalink award report block reply jdemarco2014 7 points 5 days ago How gullible is trump the senate would never pass nation wide voter id or no mail in ballots, the republicucks are complacent in this house shit permalink award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 5 days ago They're both complacent and complicit. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 7 points 5 days ago The GOP has a lot more to lose by not doing this than by doing it. Strong chance everything Trump is proposing legislatively gets upheld in court after blue states inevitably sue. 2026 is a prime chance to expand the GOP majority in both houses of Congress. The people within the party who stand to lose by nuking the filibuster are the swing votes like Collins, Murkowski, McConnell, Massie, Paul, etc. permalink award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 4 points 5 days ago Without the filibuster to point at, republicans in congress would have to explain why they refuse to pass any of Trump's agenda items, which they have no desire to do and no desire explain why they won't. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 3 points 5 days ago It's true. They really would have a lot more to gain by doing it than by not doing it. It would actually legitimately benefit them a lot more to help Trump than not doing so. I don't understand how they must be seeing it. If they're somehow on the same team as the Democrats and getting paid by them in some way, then it's likely that they're only useful idiots that will then be disposed of after they get back into power. They will be thrown into prison alongside Trump and the rest of the right if they don't stop the Democrats from ever taking power again. Whatever children they have won't have a future. It would literally give them a future to help Trump. And assuming they may have been guilty of crimes in the past, they could be forgiven if they just finally start doing what's right. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 4 points 5 days ago Trump gets it. He has the right ideas and understands what needs to be done. He's not perfect, and has done screw-ups this year as he's focused too much on foreign policy, but at least now he's recognizing what should be done, and overall I don't blame him quite as much as I blame the rest of the Republican party for the election losses on Tuesday. Most of this shit is on them. Trump is practically yelling in their faces to wake up. It would actually even be for their own good to follow his lead. If they don't, then Trump should just say fuck it and invoke the Insurrection Act. I know I keep saying he should do it, but I strongly believe it should happen, and I'm not going to shut up about it. permalink award report block reply texas4ever 2 points 5 days ago Way too much focus on foreign policy. permalink parent award report block reply Kiwipede22 3 points 5 days ago Well good luck trying to get privileged GOP senators to get of their big entitled arses in order to do something for their voters. permalink award report block reply Kingofthehill11 2 points 5 days ago Falling on deaf ears it seems permalink award report block reply thelastlast 2 points 5 days ago i really hope he doesnt think the GOP are actually friendlies.  i assume he knows that and these types of statements are for show. permalink award report block reply maga_espada 2 points 5 days ago The republicans won’t do anything because if they fix shit then nothing to campaign for next year. They love to be on the losing side. permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 2 points 5 days ago Selfish assholes. Do they not understand that they'll be thrown in prison alongside Trump and all of us if they let the Democrats get back into power? Not only would it benefit Trump and us for the Republicans to follow his lead, but it would even benefit themselves as well, I don't know how they don't understand this. They'll effectively be committing suicide if they don't do what needs to be done. permalink parent award report block reply maga_espada 3 points 5 days ago I don’t think so. You are talking about the Uni party. They will head out to dinner together after they clock out. Remember the old looney tune cartoons and the sheep dog that clocks out after fighting against the coyote. Similar. Trump needs to break free of any tiny hat influence and start going hard. Personally as a weeb jap lover I want him to dance hand in hand curb stomping the globohomos. That is my fever dream. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s more to fix beyond this. An expanded GOP presence after 2026 in Congress without the filibuster allows us to do even more fun stuff. Like getting rid of Obamacare. Or tax reform. Or stripping Somali migrants of citizenship. Or ending gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply maga_espada 1 points 5 days ago Please stop. I can only get so excited before my pants give out. 🤩 permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago The filibuster wasn’t needed when on the campaign trail, why is it needed now ? permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 4 points 5 days ago Because things are getting a lot more dire now. The Democrat sweep across Tuesday's elections is a really bad sign for us, and we'll 100% lose the midterms if Trump and Republicans don't start taking drastic action now. Admittedly Trump is to take some blame for not putting enough focus on affordability here at home and way too much focus on foreign matters, but at least he's starting to get it by now realizing it's best to nuke the filibuster if that's what it takes to start winning again. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago They have less than a year to get shit done making up for lost time. Spend the next 6 months doing the work, and pull the fire alarm if needed just before the midterms. But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 1 points 5 days ago But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. This is why I believe that Trump will need to pull the trigger and call in the US military to override the government and arrest all the corrupt politicians, judges and the useful idiots enforcing their will. I know that many people on here would say he'd never do that, and it makes sense to believe that, but I'm not going to entirely rule it out because he did mention the Insurrection Act in a few interviews last month and said he'd be up to using it if he thought he needed to. He knows that option exists. I believe he does really care to try and do what's needed, the rest of the Republican party on the other hand don't really even pretend to give a shit. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago I’m not sure i want the military called in either w/out sufficient reason. All this would do is set precedent for them to use it, or take it over as many of these policies have done throughout the decades. If I’m gonna face off w/commies i want it to be because they instigated, not because my side opened the door for them to do so. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Honkey_McCracker 1 points 5 days ago There is something that Republican senators need to understand with absolute clarity. If the roles were reversed, Democrat senators would nuke the filibuster from fucking orbit. Play to win or get off of the fucking field. permalink award report block reply
perma-maga 9 points 5 days ago You m-m-mean w-w-w-win??? Gulp. That's crazy talk. ― GOP permalink award report block reply
Calumet57 8 points 5 days ago Our Senate is saying too Thune for such a measure. permalink award report block reply
jdemarco2014 7 points 5 days ago How gullible is trump the senate would never pass nation wide voter id or no mail in ballots, the republicucks are complacent in this house shit permalink award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 5 days ago They're both complacent and complicit. permalink parent award report block reply
RagnarD 1 points 5 days ago They're both complacent and complicit. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 7 points 5 days ago The GOP has a lot more to lose by not doing this than by doing it. Strong chance everything Trump is proposing legislatively gets upheld in court after blue states inevitably sue. 2026 is a prime chance to expand the GOP majority in both houses of Congress. The people within the party who stand to lose by nuking the filibuster are the swing votes like Collins, Murkowski, McConnell, Massie, Paul, etc. permalink award report block reply Brock_Shithouse 4 points 5 days ago Without the filibuster to point at, republicans in congress would have to explain why they refuse to pass any of Trump's agenda items, which they have no desire to do and no desire explain why they won't. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 3 points 5 days ago It's true. They really would have a lot more to gain by doing it than by not doing it. It would actually legitimately benefit them a lot more to help Trump than not doing so. I don't understand how they must be seeing it. If they're somehow on the same team as the Democrats and getting paid by them in some way, then it's likely that they're only useful idiots that will then be disposed of after they get back into power. They will be thrown into prison alongside Trump and the rest of the right if they don't stop the Democrats from ever taking power again. Whatever children they have won't have a future. It would literally give them a future to help Trump. And assuming they may have been guilty of crimes in the past, they could be forgiven if they just finally start doing what's right. permalink parent award report block reply
Brock_Shithouse 4 points 5 days ago Without the filibuster to point at, republicans in congress would have to explain why they refuse to pass any of Trump's agenda items, which they have no desire to do and no desire explain why they won't. permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 3 points 5 days ago It's true. They really would have a lot more to gain by doing it than by not doing it. It would actually legitimately benefit them a lot more to help Trump than not doing so. I don't understand how they must be seeing it. If they're somehow on the same team as the Democrats and getting paid by them in some way, then it's likely that they're only useful idiots that will then be disposed of after they get back into power. They will be thrown into prison alongside Trump and the rest of the right if they don't stop the Democrats from ever taking power again. Whatever children they have won't have a future. It would literally give them a future to help Trump. And assuming they may have been guilty of crimes in the past, they could be forgiven if they just finally start doing what's right. permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 4 points 5 days ago Trump gets it. He has the right ideas and understands what needs to be done. He's not perfect, and has done screw-ups this year as he's focused too much on foreign policy, but at least now he's recognizing what should be done, and overall I don't blame him quite as much as I blame the rest of the Republican party for the election losses on Tuesday. Most of this shit is on them. Trump is practically yelling in their faces to wake up. It would actually even be for their own good to follow his lead. If they don't, then Trump should just say fuck it and invoke the Insurrection Act. I know I keep saying he should do it, but I strongly believe it should happen, and I'm not going to shut up about it. permalink award report block reply texas4ever 2 points 5 days ago Way too much focus on foreign policy. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 2 points 5 days ago Way too much focus on foreign policy. permalink parent award report block reply
Kiwipede22 3 points 5 days ago Well good luck trying to get privileged GOP senators to get of their big entitled arses in order to do something for their voters. permalink award report block reply
Kingofthehill11 2 points 5 days ago Falling on deaf ears it seems permalink award report block reply
thelastlast 2 points 5 days ago i really hope he doesnt think the GOP are actually friendlies.  i assume he knows that and these types of statements are for show. permalink award report block reply
maga_espada 2 points 5 days ago The republicans won’t do anything because if they fix shit then nothing to campaign for next year. They love to be on the losing side. permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 2 points 5 days ago Selfish assholes. Do they not understand that they'll be thrown in prison alongside Trump and all of us if they let the Democrats get back into power? Not only would it benefit Trump and us for the Republicans to follow his lead, but it would even benefit themselves as well, I don't know how they don't understand this. They'll effectively be committing suicide if they don't do what needs to be done. permalink parent award report block reply maga_espada 3 points 5 days ago I don’t think so. You are talking about the Uni party. They will head out to dinner together after they clock out. Remember the old looney tune cartoons and the sheep dog that clocks out after fighting against the coyote. Similar. Trump needs to break free of any tiny hat influence and start going hard. Personally as a weeb jap lover I want him to dance hand in hand curb stomping the globohomos. That is my fever dream. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s more to fix beyond this. An expanded GOP presence after 2026 in Congress without the filibuster allows us to do even more fun stuff. Like getting rid of Obamacare. Or tax reform. Or stripping Somali migrants of citizenship. Or ending gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply maga_espada 1 points 5 days ago Please stop. I can only get so excited before my pants give out. 🤩 permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 2 points 5 days ago Selfish assholes. Do they not understand that they'll be thrown in prison alongside Trump and all of us if they let the Democrats get back into power? Not only would it benefit Trump and us for the Republicans to follow his lead, but it would even benefit themselves as well, I don't know how they don't understand this. They'll effectively be committing suicide if they don't do what needs to be done. permalink parent award report block reply maga_espada 3 points 5 days ago I don’t think so. You are talking about the Uni party. They will head out to dinner together after they clock out. Remember the old looney tune cartoons and the sheep dog that clocks out after fighting against the coyote. Similar. Trump needs to break free of any tiny hat influence and start going hard. Personally as a weeb jap lover I want him to dance hand in hand curb stomping the globohomos. That is my fever dream. permalink parent award report block reply
maga_espada 3 points 5 days ago I don’t think so. You are talking about the Uni party. They will head out to dinner together after they clock out. Remember the old looney tune cartoons and the sheep dog that clocks out after fighting against the coyote. Similar. Trump needs to break free of any tiny hat influence and start going hard. Personally as a weeb jap lover I want him to dance hand in hand curb stomping the globohomos. That is my fever dream. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 5 days ago There’s more to fix beyond this. An expanded GOP presence after 2026 in Congress without the filibuster allows us to do even more fun stuff. Like getting rid of Obamacare. Or tax reform. Or stripping Somali migrants of citizenship. Or ending gay marriage. permalink parent award report block reply maga_espada 1 points 5 days ago Please stop. I can only get so excited before my pants give out. 🤩 permalink parent award report block reply
maga_espada 1 points 5 days ago Please stop. I can only get so excited before my pants give out. 🤩 permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago The filibuster wasn’t needed when on the campaign trail, why is it needed now ? permalink award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 4 points 5 days ago Because things are getting a lot more dire now. The Democrat sweep across Tuesday's elections is a really bad sign for us, and we'll 100% lose the midterms if Trump and Republicans don't start taking drastic action now. Admittedly Trump is to take some blame for not putting enough focus on affordability here at home and way too much focus on foreign matters, but at least he's starting to get it by now realizing it's best to nuke the filibuster if that's what it takes to start winning again. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago They have less than a year to get shit done making up for lost time. Spend the next 6 months doing the work, and pull the fire alarm if needed just before the midterms. But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 1 points 5 days ago But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. This is why I believe that Trump will need to pull the trigger and call in the US military to override the government and arrest all the corrupt politicians, judges and the useful idiots enforcing their will. I know that many people on here would say he'd never do that, and it makes sense to believe that, but I'm not going to entirely rule it out because he did mention the Insurrection Act in a few interviews last month and said he'd be up to using it if he thought he needed to. He knows that option exists. I believe he does really care to try and do what's needed, the rest of the Republican party on the other hand don't really even pretend to give a shit. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago I’m not sure i want the military called in either w/out sufficient reason. All this would do is set precedent for them to use it, or take it over as many of these policies have done throughout the decades. If I’m gonna face off w/commies i want it to be because they instigated, not because my side opened the door for them to do so. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TheJakeFroggy 4 points 5 days ago Because things are getting a lot more dire now. The Democrat sweep across Tuesday's elections is a really bad sign for us, and we'll 100% lose the midterms if Trump and Republicans don't start taking drastic action now. Admittedly Trump is to take some blame for not putting enough focus on affordability here at home and way too much focus on foreign matters, but at least he's starting to get it by now realizing it's best to nuke the filibuster if that's what it takes to start winning again. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago They have less than a year to get shit done making up for lost time. Spend the next 6 months doing the work, and pull the fire alarm if needed just before the midterms. But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 1 points 5 days ago But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. This is why I believe that Trump will need to pull the trigger and call in the US military to override the government and arrest all the corrupt politicians, judges and the useful idiots enforcing their will. I know that many people on here would say he'd never do that, and it makes sense to believe that, but I'm not going to entirely rule it out because he did mention the Insurrection Act in a few interviews last month and said he'd be up to using it if he thought he needed to. He knows that option exists. I believe he does really care to try and do what's needed, the rest of the Republican party on the other hand don't really even pretend to give a shit. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago I’m not sure i want the military called in either w/out sufficient reason. All this would do is set precedent for them to use it, or take it over as many of these policies have done throughout the decades. If I’m gonna face off w/commies i want it to be because they instigated, not because my side opened the door for them to do so. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SpeekFreely 3 points 5 days ago They have less than a year to get shit done making up for lost time. Spend the next 6 months doing the work, and pull the fire alarm if needed just before the midterms. But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 1 points 5 days ago But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. This is why I believe that Trump will need to pull the trigger and call in the US military to override the government and arrest all the corrupt politicians, judges and the useful idiots enforcing their will. I know that many people on here would say he'd never do that, and it makes sense to believe that, but I'm not going to entirely rule it out because he did mention the Insurrection Act in a few interviews last month and said he'd be up to using it if he thought he needed to. He knows that option exists. I believe he does really care to try and do what's needed, the rest of the Republican party on the other hand don't really even pretend to give a shit. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago I’m not sure i want the military called in either w/out sufficient reason. All this would do is set precedent for them to use it, or take it over as many of these policies have done throughout the decades. If I’m gonna face off w/commies i want it to be because they instigated, not because my side opened the door for them to do so. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
TheJakeFroggy 1 points 5 days ago But I’ll wager even w/the filibuster they won’t do shit, which is why i myself oppose this option. This is why I believe that Trump will need to pull the trigger and call in the US military to override the government and arrest all the corrupt politicians, judges and the useful idiots enforcing their will. I know that many people on here would say he'd never do that, and it makes sense to believe that, but I'm not going to entirely rule it out because he did mention the Insurrection Act in a few interviews last month and said he'd be up to using it if he thought he needed to. He knows that option exists. I believe he does really care to try and do what's needed, the rest of the Republican party on the other hand don't really even pretend to give a shit. permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago I’m not sure i want the military called in either w/out sufficient reason. All this would do is set precedent for them to use it, or take it over as many of these policies have done throughout the decades. If I’m gonna face off w/commies i want it to be because they instigated, not because my side opened the door for them to do so. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
SpeekFreely 1 points 5 days ago I’m not sure i want the military called in either w/out sufficient reason. All this would do is set precedent for them to use it, or take it over as many of these policies have done throughout the decades. If I’m gonna face off w/commies i want it to be because they instigated, not because my side opened the door for them to do so. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Honkey_McCracker 1 points 5 days ago There is something that Republican senators need to understand with absolute clarity. If the roles were reversed, Democrat senators would nuke the filibuster from fucking orbit. Play to win or get off of the fucking field. permalink award report block reply