261 Wifey just suggested she open an Etsy store to sell burkas in NY since they will likely be mandated. God I love her.🤣 posted 7 days ago by Comntrinchief 19 comments award share report block A
19 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style NoStepNovember 8 points 7 days ago Should do this and wash them in pigs blood before sending. Really seal the deal. permalink award report block reply dukeofdoorcounty 4 points 7 days ago do they have to be black, or can you make gay rainbow ones? permalink award report block reply Wrexxis780 4 points 7 days ago Soak them in bacon grease before sending them over permalink award report block reply ThePatriotGames2016 4 points 7 days ago joke's on her. woman can't own businesses. permalink award report block reply mty_green_go 3 points 7 days ago I know ya'll are having a good time, but reminder that city council passes the laws, the mayor just approves them. permalink award report block reply Datamancer 3 points 7 days ago And chastity belts for goats. permalink award report block reply BaldEagle1337 2 points 7 days ago Dip every one in bacon grease. permalink award report block reply barwhack 2 points 7 days ago Good idea. Do it. Wash in bacon grease, first. So the ..ladies.. can enjoy something besides inside-the-mascot-costume-funk . permalink award report block reply Define_Assault 2 points 6 days ago Be sure to use as much bacon grease, asbestos, and roundup as possible throughout the manufacturing process permalink award report block reply Lynnforthetruth 2 points 7 days ago Hello world. Can someone please create a spray mist bottle of pigs blood that Women and girls can carry for protection. permalink award report block reply HoganT 1 points 7 days ago Why would they be mandated? Mamdani’s wife doesn’t even wear one. permalink award report block reply Comntrinchief OP 4 points 7 days ago It’s a dark joke but never say never. permalink parent award report block reply NoStepNovember 3 points 7 days ago Don't pay attention to him, he is our resident faggot we just have to deal with. He is three comments away from telling you how Muslims really aren't that bad. We just deport and ignore. Faggots gonna fag. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 3 points 7 days ago You fucking retard.  Of course not, you think that goat-fucker would get elected if he paraded his wife around in a burqa? Are you really that fucking stupid?  Fucking morons like you will be the death of America. permalink parent award report block reply sun_wolf 1 points 7 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York sounds like hysteria to most people, and as month after month goes by without the New York government mandating that all women must now wear burqas, most people will look back on those proclamations and feel less trust in the people who made them. I know about taqiyya and all that but what strategic benefit is there in pushing hysteria? It seems exactly like the trap Democrats fell into with Trump, and now all the former NeverTrumpers are doing the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 6 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York This is where you go off-track with your thinking.  It won't be that.  It will start with the 'Sharia police' in limited neighborhoods.  And it will start with cleaning up vices: pushing liquor stores out, chasing out drug dealers, removing graffiti.   All good things, right? Yeah, just like cancer is an awesome weight loss program. Think like a subversive.   If you wanted to impose MAGA on NYC, how would you do it?  You probably wouldn't start by firing evert DEI school teacher. Slow and steady wins the race.  Or in this case ends humanity. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 0 points 7 days ago Everyone is busy jerking each other off with muslim jokes. just let them have it permalink parent award report block reply
NoStepNovember 8 points 7 days ago Should do this and wash them in pigs blood before sending. Really seal the deal. permalink award report block reply
dukeofdoorcounty 4 points 7 days ago do they have to be black, or can you make gay rainbow ones? permalink award report block reply
Wrexxis780 4 points 7 days ago Soak them in bacon grease before sending them over permalink award report block reply
ThePatriotGames2016 4 points 7 days ago joke's on her. woman can't own businesses. permalink award report block reply
mty_green_go 3 points 7 days ago I know ya'll are having a good time, but reminder that city council passes the laws, the mayor just approves them. permalink award report block reply
Datamancer 3 points 7 days ago And chastity belts for goats. permalink award report block reply
BaldEagle1337 2 points 7 days ago Dip every one in bacon grease. permalink award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 7 days ago Good idea. Do it. Wash in bacon grease, first. So the ..ladies.. can enjoy something besides inside-the-mascot-costume-funk . permalink award report block reply
Define_Assault 2 points 6 days ago Be sure to use as much bacon grease, asbestos, and roundup as possible throughout the manufacturing process permalink award report block reply
Lynnforthetruth 2 points 7 days ago Hello world. Can someone please create a spray mist bottle of pigs blood that Women and girls can carry for protection. permalink award report block reply
HoganT 1 points 7 days ago Why would they be mandated? Mamdani’s wife doesn’t even wear one. permalink award report block reply Comntrinchief OP 4 points 7 days ago It’s a dark joke but never say never. permalink parent award report block reply NoStepNovember 3 points 7 days ago Don't pay attention to him, he is our resident faggot we just have to deal with. He is three comments away from telling you how Muslims really aren't that bad. We just deport and ignore. Faggots gonna fag. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 3 points 7 days ago You fucking retard.  Of course not, you think that goat-fucker would get elected if he paraded his wife around in a burqa? Are you really that fucking stupid?  Fucking morons like you will be the death of America. permalink parent award report block reply sun_wolf 1 points 7 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York sounds like hysteria to most people, and as month after month goes by without the New York government mandating that all women must now wear burqas, most people will look back on those proclamations and feel less trust in the people who made them. I know about taqiyya and all that but what strategic benefit is there in pushing hysteria? It seems exactly like the trap Democrats fell into with Trump, and now all the former NeverTrumpers are doing the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 6 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York This is where you go off-track with your thinking.  It won't be that.  It will start with the 'Sharia police' in limited neighborhoods.  And it will start with cleaning up vices: pushing liquor stores out, chasing out drug dealers, removing graffiti.   All good things, right? Yeah, just like cancer is an awesome weight loss program. Think like a subversive.   If you wanted to impose MAGA on NYC, how would you do it?  You probably wouldn't start by firing evert DEI school teacher. Slow and steady wins the race.  Or in this case ends humanity. permalink parent award report block reply mty_green_go 0 points 7 days ago Everyone is busy jerking each other off with muslim jokes. just let them have it permalink parent award report block reply
Comntrinchief OP 4 points 7 days ago It’s a dark joke but never say never. permalink parent award report block reply NoStepNovember 3 points 7 days ago Don't pay attention to him, he is our resident faggot we just have to deal with. He is three comments away from telling you how Muslims really aren't that bad. We just deport and ignore. Faggots gonna fag. permalink parent award report block reply
NoStepNovember 3 points 7 days ago Don't pay attention to him, he is our resident faggot we just have to deal with. He is three comments away from telling you how Muslims really aren't that bad. We just deport and ignore. Faggots gonna fag. permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 3 points 7 days ago You fucking retard.  Of course not, you think that goat-fucker would get elected if he paraded his wife around in a burqa? Are you really that fucking stupid?  Fucking morons like you will be the death of America. permalink parent award report block reply sun_wolf 1 points 7 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York sounds like hysteria to most people, and as month after month goes by without the New York government mandating that all women must now wear burqas, most people will look back on those proclamations and feel less trust in the people who made them. I know about taqiyya and all that but what strategic benefit is there in pushing hysteria? It seems exactly like the trap Democrats fell into with Trump, and now all the former NeverTrumpers are doing the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 6 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York This is where you go off-track with your thinking.  It won't be that.  It will start with the 'Sharia police' in limited neighborhoods.  And it will start with cleaning up vices: pushing liquor stores out, chasing out drug dealers, removing graffiti.   All good things, right? Yeah, just like cancer is an awesome weight loss program. Think like a subversive.   If you wanted to impose MAGA on NYC, how would you do it?  You probably wouldn't start by firing evert DEI school teacher. Slow and steady wins the race.  Or in this case ends humanity. permalink parent award report block reply
sun_wolf 1 points 7 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York sounds like hysteria to most people, and as month after month goes by without the New York government mandating that all women must now wear burqas, most people will look back on those proclamations and feel less trust in the people who made them. I know about taqiyya and all that but what strategic benefit is there in pushing hysteria? It seems exactly like the trap Democrats fell into with Trump, and now all the former NeverTrumpers are doing the same thing. permalink parent award report block reply Datamancer 1 points 6 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York This is where you go off-track with your thinking.  It won't be that.  It will start with the 'Sharia police' in limited neighborhoods.  And it will start with cleaning up vices: pushing liquor stores out, chasing out drug dealers, removing graffiti.   All good things, right? Yeah, just like cancer is an awesome weight loss program. Think like a subversive.   If you wanted to impose MAGA on NYC, how would you do it?  You probably wouldn't start by firing evert DEI school teacher. Slow and steady wins the race.  Or in this case ends humanity. permalink parent award report block reply
Datamancer 1 points 6 days ago Government-mandated burqas for women in New York This is where you go off-track with your thinking.  It won't be that.  It will start with the 'Sharia police' in limited neighborhoods.  And it will start with cleaning up vices: pushing liquor stores out, chasing out drug dealers, removing graffiti.   All good things, right? Yeah, just like cancer is an awesome weight loss program. Think like a subversive.   If you wanted to impose MAGA on NYC, how would you do it?  You probably wouldn't start by firing evert DEI school teacher. Slow and steady wins the race.  Or in this case ends humanity. permalink parent award report block reply
mty_green_go 0 points 7 days ago Everyone is busy jerking each other off with muslim jokes. just let them have it permalink parent award report block reply