423 The best way to get Visa frauds and illegals out of the country is to freeze their assets, confiscate their houses. posted 10 hours ago by MickHigan2 24 comments award share report block Neon White Cat @NeonWhiteCat • 1d The best way to get Visa frauds and illegals out of the country is to freeze their assets, confiscate their houses.
24 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Just Walked Away – And His Reason Changes Everything Read More Ads by Ad.Style Greenhills 17 points 7 hours ago They sure as hell shouldn’t be eligible to get approved for any financing for car, houses, credit cards. Etc. permalink award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 3 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be eligible for employment either. Get rid of the freebies and the jobs and they would all be forced to self deport. permalink parent award report block reply KarlHungus53 7 points 7 hours ago Anyone else getting bombarded with fund raising text messages in the last week?
They really think anybody wants to give more money to support importing more foreigners? permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 2 points 3 hours ago Report those people through appropriate channels. Even if it's just a foot soldier, find out where to send the money, then contact police, local, state federal in that exact area. Spoof your call to appear local as well. Have the names and dates and details of the orders all written down. Sometimes cops would LOVE to go turn someone out. They just need a complainant permalink parent award report block reply InterloperKO 6 points 8 hours ago "Liberate*  the dwelling" permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 3 points 4 hours ago I cut in line at the grocery store if they speak a different language permalink award report block reply Cumberbuns 1 points 3 hours ago Good I am going to start doing this thanks for the great idea. permalink parent award report block reply bluedevilga 2 points 8 hours ago Regardless of the veracity of the poster, I think being an immigrant who takes advantage of an FHA program, for example, should be obliged to designate 40% of their house to the local homeless population. I think sticking a bunch of street shitters together with street shitters is a really good idea permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 1 points 16 minutes ago Always. Kick them out and confiscate their ill gotten gains. They must not be allowed to profit from their crimes. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 1 points 7 hours ago What a doomer.  It's sooooo hard to turn this ship around.   We were literally full speed off a cliff for 4 years under Biden.  Jobs are regional, not local, and take many months for companies to think about the turnaround. Start with energy.  Automation and automotive are going to be next.  Trades will be hot, keep looking and better your communications skills. permalink award report block reply Twobuck40 1 points 21 minutes ago Another groyper is born!! permalink award report block reply BillyBobJimmyJoe 1 points 5 hours ago It's time to hand Trump over to the left and make Fuentes our new leader. permalink award report block reply DangerousAmerican76 3 points 4 hours ago A gay Mexican? That’s what we need to win? permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 4 hours ago So that's where you where until 2 months ago permalink parent award report block reply SuperDuperBasedMD -1 points 9 hours ago Keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being algorithmically pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. Everyone should read this article. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 OP 9 points 9 hours ago This is a non-sequitur argument. It's the policies that they are running and that's getting them into trouble. It's not hard being AF when you're all in for America but when you add foreign governments and special interests... you get what we have now. Trump fucked up. Period. There is nothing nefarious about it other than his gaffes. permalink parent award report block reply no_antifa 7 points 7 hours ago Quit copy pasting the same comment permalink parent award report block reply Advhawk -2 points 6 hours ago Don't let the door hit you on the way out fuck you all black pill idiots. Just keep whining online that'll fix it permalink award report block reply Carmen1956 -4 points 8 hours ago Bullshit.  You’re a phony! permalink award report block reply HostlyMarmless -5 points 9 hours ago Yeah, because there's no way that getting government accustomed to seizing the assets of people could come back to bite us in the ass, right? Do remember that whatever powers you give to your government, will be retained when a new face grins at you from the driver's seat. permalink award report block reply JLoonacy 14 points 9 hours ago Seizing the assets of illegals is already well within the current powers of the government. There's no slippery slope in this case. permalink parent award report block reply MissileToad 10 points 8 hours ago A Democrat administration would already be fine with doing it to conservatives anyway, if they needed any inspiration they need only look to Canada. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 8 points 8 hours ago Fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 6 points 7 hours ago Seizing the assets of illegal invaders is not the same as doing it to an actual citizen. What a retarded comparison. We really do have some dumb people posting here. permalink parent award report block reply ElbowDeepInIt 3 points 7 hours ago "Keep the filibuster!"
-This guy permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
Greenhills 17 points 7 hours ago They sure as hell shouldn’t be eligible to get approved for any financing for car, houses, credit cards. Etc. permalink award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 3 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be eligible for employment either. Get rid of the freebies and the jobs and they would all be forced to self deport. permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 3 points 2 hours ago They shouldn't be eligible for employment either. Get rid of the freebies and the jobs and they would all be forced to self deport. permalink parent award report block reply
KarlHungus53 7 points 7 hours ago Anyone else getting bombarded with fund raising text messages in the last week?
They really think anybody wants to give more money to support importing more foreigners? permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 2 points 3 hours ago Report those people through appropriate channels. Even if it's just a foot soldier, find out where to send the money, then contact police, local, state federal in that exact area. Spoof your call to appear local as well. Have the names and dates and details of the orders all written down. Sometimes cops would LOVE to go turn someone out. They just need a complainant permalink parent award report block reply
penguinjay1212 2 points 3 hours ago Report those people through appropriate channels. Even if it's just a foot soldier, find out where to send the money, then contact police, local, state federal in that exact area. Spoof your call to appear local as well. Have the names and dates and details of the orders all written down. Sometimes cops would LOVE to go turn someone out. They just need a complainant permalink parent award report block reply
InterloperKO 6 points 8 hours ago "Liberate*  the dwelling" permalink award report block reply
MasterChief08 3 points 4 hours ago I cut in line at the grocery store if they speak a different language permalink award report block reply Cumberbuns 1 points 3 hours ago Good I am going to start doing this thanks for the great idea. permalink parent award report block reply
Cumberbuns 1 points 3 hours ago Good I am going to start doing this thanks for the great idea. permalink parent award report block reply
bluedevilga 2 points 8 hours ago Regardless of the veracity of the poster, I think being an immigrant who takes advantage of an FHA program, for example, should be obliged to designate 40% of their house to the local homeless population. I think sticking a bunch of street shitters together with street shitters is a really good idea permalink award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 1 points 16 minutes ago Always. Kick them out and confiscate their ill gotten gains. They must not be allowed to profit from their crimes. permalink award report block reply
The_Emperor 1 points 7 hours ago What a doomer.  It's sooooo hard to turn this ship around.   We were literally full speed off a cliff for 4 years under Biden.  Jobs are regional, not local, and take many months for companies to think about the turnaround. Start with energy.  Automation and automotive are going to be next.  Trades will be hot, keep looking and better your communications skills. permalink award report block reply
Twobuck40 1 points 21 minutes ago Another groyper is born!! permalink award report block reply
BillyBobJimmyJoe 1 points 5 hours ago It's time to hand Trump over to the left and make Fuentes our new leader. permalink award report block reply DangerousAmerican76 3 points 4 hours ago A gay Mexican? That’s what we need to win? permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 1 points 4 hours ago So that's where you where until 2 months ago permalink parent award report block reply
DangerousAmerican76 3 points 4 hours ago A gay Mexican? That’s what we need to win? permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 1 points 4 hours ago So that's where you where until 2 months ago permalink parent award report block reply
SuperDuperBasedMD -1 points 9 hours ago Keep in mind, although the H1b problem is real and it's very important, the reason why it's being algorithmically pushed is because it's being used as a wedge to destroy MAGA. Everyone should read this article. https://theconservativetreehouse.com/blog/2025/11/11/the-2025-maga-fracture-and-the-benefactors-behind-it/ "This effort to split the MAGA base, using Israel or (insert_next_thing_here) as a wedge issue within the America First movement – only benefits one larger apparatus, the Sea Island billionaire control system." permalink award report block reply MickHigan2 OP 9 points 9 hours ago This is a non-sequitur argument. It's the policies that they are running and that's getting them into trouble. It's not hard being AF when you're all in for America but when you add foreign governments and special interests... you get what we have now. Trump fucked up. Period. There is nothing nefarious about it other than his gaffes. permalink parent award report block reply no_antifa 7 points 7 hours ago Quit copy pasting the same comment permalink parent award report block reply
MickHigan2 OP 9 points 9 hours ago This is a non-sequitur argument. It's the policies that they are running and that's getting them into trouble. It's not hard being AF when you're all in for America but when you add foreign governments and special interests... you get what we have now. Trump fucked up. Period. There is nothing nefarious about it other than his gaffes. permalink parent award report block reply
no_antifa 7 points 7 hours ago Quit copy pasting the same comment permalink parent award report block reply
Advhawk -2 points 6 hours ago Don't let the door hit you on the way out fuck you all black pill idiots. Just keep whining online that'll fix it permalink award report block reply
Carmen1956 -4 points 8 hours ago Bullshit.  You’re a phony! permalink award report block reply
HostlyMarmless -5 points 9 hours ago Yeah, because there's no way that getting government accustomed to seizing the assets of people could come back to bite us in the ass, right? Do remember that whatever powers you give to your government, will be retained when a new face grins at you from the driver's seat. permalink award report block reply JLoonacy 14 points 9 hours ago Seizing the assets of illegals is already well within the current powers of the government. There's no slippery slope in this case. permalink parent award report block reply MissileToad 10 points 8 hours ago A Democrat administration would already be fine with doing it to conservatives anyway, if they needed any inspiration they need only look to Canada. permalink parent award report block reply SimaYi 8 points 8 hours ago Fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply WoeToYou 6 points 7 hours ago Seizing the assets of illegal invaders is not the same as doing it to an actual citizen. What a retarded comparison. We really do have some dumb people posting here. permalink parent award report block reply ElbowDeepInIt 3 points 7 hours ago "Keep the filibuster!"
-This guy permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
JLoonacy 14 points 9 hours ago Seizing the assets of illegals is already well within the current powers of the government. There's no slippery slope in this case. permalink parent award report block reply
MissileToad 10 points 8 hours ago A Democrat administration would already be fine with doing it to conservatives anyway, if they needed any inspiration they need only look to Canada. permalink parent award report block reply
SimaYi 8 points 8 hours ago Fuck off. permalink parent award report block reply
WoeToYou 6 points 7 hours ago Seizing the assets of illegal invaders is not the same as doing it to an actual citizen. What a retarded comparison. We really do have some dumb people posting here. permalink parent award report block reply
ElbowDeepInIt 3 points 7 hours ago "Keep the filibuster!"
-This guy permalink parent award report block reply