22 How Embarrassing For The Left That They Once Again Fell For Fake News. (www.instagram.com) posted 4 hours ago by Apersonofinterest 7 comments award share report block TMZ on Instagram: "🚨 A slew of incredibly significant emails recently released seemingly tie Donald Trump to Jeffrey Epstein, i... 39K likes, 4,100 comments - tmz_tv on November 12, 2025: "🚨 A slew of incredibly significant emails recently released seemingly tie Donald Trump to Jeffrey Epstein, in a more crucial way than we've ever heard.Watch the full detailed break down of what's i... www.instagram.com
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Scumbag-reddit 2 points 4 hours ago Just as embarrassing as some of the people here falling for tons of fake news about Trump permalink award report block reply Hambonemcgee 1 points 4 hours ago Such as? permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago That he's in epstein files, that he's abandoned us or been bought or been with them the whole time, using the same book as in 2015 when all they did is distort his actual words to craft somethin he didnt really say (too many to list), that hes done nothing this term, that hes an Israeli puppet, that he's a Qatari puppet, that hes an Indian puppet, that hes getting us into wars, that he's in bed with all queda, Those are all from yesterday alone. permalink parent award report block reply OZJRant 1 points 4 hours ago Retards permalink award report block reply TheGreenDragon 1 points 3 hours ago If these E-mails existed years ago the democrats would have leaked them them, this is crazy, so all those burn bags that Kash found was more than likely planted fake information and they wanted them to find them, along with all these e-mails, there is no way democrats sat on this.  I think this is made up from the previous FBI to use now to distract and try again to take down Trump or is being used as a threat for him to change policy. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest OP 1 points 3 hours ago There is no there there. I argue with Libs all the time in the real world. They think they got him. Im always like, Ok, we will see but there’s nothing there. permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 4 hours ago Top story on Reuters permalink award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 2 points 4 hours ago Just as embarrassing as some of the people here falling for tons of fake news about Trump permalink award report block reply Hambonemcgee 1 points 4 hours ago Such as? permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago That he's in epstein files, that he's abandoned us or been bought or been with them the whole time, using the same book as in 2015 when all they did is distort his actual words to craft somethin he didnt really say (too many to list), that hes done nothing this term, that hes an Israeli puppet, that he's a Qatari puppet, that hes an Indian puppet, that hes getting us into wars, that he's in bed with all queda, Those are all from yesterday alone. permalink parent award report block reply
Hambonemcgee 1 points 4 hours ago Such as? permalink parent award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago That he's in epstein files, that he's abandoned us or been bought or been with them the whole time, using the same book as in 2015 when all they did is distort his actual words to craft somethin he didnt really say (too many to list), that hes done nothing this term, that hes an Israeli puppet, that he's a Qatari puppet, that hes an Indian puppet, that hes getting us into wars, that he's in bed with all queda, Those are all from yesterday alone. permalink parent award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 hours ago That he's in epstein files, that he's abandoned us or been bought or been with them the whole time, using the same book as in 2015 when all they did is distort his actual words to craft somethin he didnt really say (too many to list), that hes done nothing this term, that hes an Israeli puppet, that he's a Qatari puppet, that hes an Indian puppet, that hes getting us into wars, that he's in bed with all queda, Those are all from yesterday alone. permalink parent award report block reply
OZJRant 1 points 4 hours ago Retards permalink award report block reply
TheGreenDragon 1 points 3 hours ago If these E-mails existed years ago the democrats would have leaked them them, this is crazy, so all those burn bags that Kash found was more than likely planted fake information and they wanted them to find them, along with all these e-mails, there is no way democrats sat on this.  I think this is made up from the previous FBI to use now to distract and try again to take down Trump or is being used as a threat for him to change policy. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest OP 1 points 3 hours ago There is no there there. I argue with Libs all the time in the real world. They think they got him. Im always like, Ok, we will see but there’s nothing there. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest OP 1 points 3 hours ago There is no there there. I argue with Libs all the time in the real world. They think they got him. Im always like, Ok, we will see but there’s nothing there. permalink parent award report block reply
hughjasske69 1 points 4 hours ago Top story on Reuters permalink award report block reply