607 This is pretty wild. 

Canadian “CIA” (CSIS) tried to make Lauren Southern an informant to get information on American influencers. 

They threatened her with criminal prosecutions if she didn’t cooperate and instead she posted the conversation. 

Canada is fully tyrannical. 🛑  Corrupt Commies  🛑 posted 22 hours ago by SweetBeef 59 comments award share report block DC_Draino @DC_Draino • 2d This is pretty wild. Canadian “CIA” (CSIS) tried to make Lauren Southern an informant to get information on American influencers. They threatened her with criminal prosecutions if she didn’t cooperate and instead she posted the conversation. Canada is fully tyrannical. Lauren Southern @Lauren_Southern • 2d Intelligence agents showed up at my door late last year. I told them to leave. They proceeded to call me from anonymous numbers repeatedly. Contacted my gym. Told me they wouldn’t go away unless I “built a relationship with them” as an asset. “Your audience will never know”
59 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 5 Parasite Causing Foods You Should Stop Eating Right Now Paratoxil DeploraBen 40 points 21 hours ago He sounds like a 16 year old at CSIS camp.  He's not even a good liar.  "We found your gym and contacted them to get hold of you."  They tracked down her gym and contacted them...because they couldn't track her down and contact her.  Please.  Intimidation, manipulation, harassment. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 25 points 21 hours ago Can we talk about this guys VOICE? He s SOUNDS  like a sophomore twink gender studies pajama boy. Oddly when we meet modern, western intel men they mostly sound like this. What's going on? Where's the intimidating manly spys? permalink parent award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 14 points 21 hours ago And he took for fucking ever to say his lines and get to the point lol. Was embarrassing if it wasn't so batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 6 points 19 hours ago I guess you've never met a canadian... they all sound like that permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 4 points 11 hours ago This Canadian thinks you're a blow hard do nothing faggot. I'll never forget those 3 weeks in Feb 2022 when you sat there doing nothing while we had globalists scrambling. All you had to do was get off your ass... and you couldn't.  3 weeks is enough time to get from Anywhere in the USA to the border. Jan 6th. You also did nothing. You never liberated a single political prisoner. You never stopped a single corrupt official. You do nothing but post on the internet. This CSIS guy actually sounds like  San Francisco native to me, maybe hes related to you. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 5 points 15 hours ago Fits the CIA’ profile, they’ll hire him directly next time permalink parent award report block reply abstr4ct 3 points 19 hours ago dont ask to talk, talk. permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 18 hours ago I wasn't asking if.i could type, but if anyone had thoughts on the very strange phenomenon of wussy sounding intel bros permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 8 hours ago They hire these type of men on purpose. The weak type of men, who finally think they have power over someone. Real manly men won’t do this job. permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 11 points 21 hours ago No kidding.  He's all over the place and some old nasty bald dude has got to be trying to coach him in the background. permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 0 points 11 hours ago Plenty of women like my bald head and bearded face - not sure who abused you permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 5 points 21 hours ago Yup.  He's a slimy bastard with a big ego...and he sux at trade craft. Lame. permalink parent award report block reply Gadbous 30 points 22 hours ago Lauren Southern did not kill herself... permalink award report block reply stillbringingitback 10 points 19 hours ago Himself* permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 2 points 15 hours ago You mean choppherself Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago Tranny so 41% chance HE does permalink parent award report block reply JohnN 30 points 21 hours ago The big lesson is that many "normal people" will be tyrants if they get a paycheck. permalink award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 11 points 20 hours ago Ding ding ding! permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 8 points 20 hours ago And the reason is because they are "of the world".  They look at the world, see what's going on, then conclude "well that's just how the world is, that's just how things are" and they join in.  "It's a dog eat dog world".   "If you can't beat em, join em".  That sort of thinking.  Whichever way the wind blows.  Whatever society is doing that becomes the norm, and thus the moral norm.   Appeal to population fallacy. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 20 points 20 hours ago Jeez. Imagine sitting around drinking coffee at the kitchen table with this 2nd gen Chinese Canadian intelligence dude, listening to him low-key threaten to take your kids into state custody, and have the self-possession not to throw that coffee in his face and maybe stab him to death with a kitchen knife. permalink award report block reply Everyonelovesblacks 20 points 21 hours ago Those lowlife motherfuckers need to be deep throating shotgun muzzles. permalink award report block reply PMSocks 9 points 21 hours ago CSIS throats are pretty busy gulping brown and islamic cock permalink parent award report block reply celticwhisper 1 points 16 hours ago So hollow out a dildo and slip it over the barrel of a 12-gauge? permalink parent award report block reply Nachos_and_cheese 15 points 21 hours ago sooooo ahhhhh what are they insinuating that she was involved in? permalink award report block reply StCharlie 14 points 20 hours ago Anything that she will illicit from the conversation to get dirt on conservative influencers.  They have nothing on her from the sound of it. permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree 1 points 15 hours ago A person with something to hide would be understandably paranoid if a national intelligence service implies that they know. They don't need to know a person's darkest secrets if they just pretend to know.  And when that failed to land they implied they'd simply frame her for something. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 9 points 21 hours ago I bet this is sorta tied to Lauren Chen. What Biden Admin did to her is fucking criminal. People still think she made a secret deal with some Russian spy. I don't think the full story is all out there it is far more likely that it was just the US spies setting her and people like Tim Pool up. The Biden admin was on pace to go full fascist if they won. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago She is a dumb cunt but I don’t believe the Russian asset bullshit either permalink parent award report block reply mydogma8yourkarma 7 points 18 hours ago She has a strong case for political asylum and we share a border... she needs to GTFO before they gulag her. permalink award report block reply BrianOfNazareth 6 points 20 hours ago If there's any justice in the world, Trump will roll out the big monitor behind Mark Carney the next time he visits the WH and make him squirm in front of everybody. permalink award report block reply FallenOne 6 points 18 hours ago The Canadian CIA sounds like they are bigger faggots than our CIA. From the way that agent who was talking to her sounded, you know his asshole is so blown out he hasn't been able to hold a fart in for 10 years. permalink award report block reply LORDFALCONE 6 points 21 hours ago Right on cue these grifters come back out of the woodwork. How long until she asks me to contribute to her patreon or whatever permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 15 points 20 hours ago Whatever you think of these people, they are being manipulated by spies in a fucked up way. And the way they get treated is just a sneak peek into how they'll be treating you in the future. Just look at what happened to Lauren Chen. If you think she collaborated with a Russian spy then you don't know what actually happened. Not that I give a shit about any of these people but it's just a tiny window into what the Globalist agencies are/were doing. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 12 points 21 hours ago She at least talked about South Africa before most others did. permalink parent award report block reply Kolob64 7 points 17 hours ago She did tons of good work. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -3 points 16 hours ago With all her coal burning she should just get back to it on only fans. Probably would make more. Nobody buys her bullshit anymore permalink parent award report block reply NeverInterruptEnemy 6 points 18 hours ago Good to know I would absolutely resist pathetic Canadian “intelligence”. There is absolutely got to be a Spy Kids interview scene that is more believable than this cuck retard. permalink award report block reply SCP0073 5 points 20 hours ago Always thought she was kind of an attention whore but she deserves props for not caving. permalink award report block reply FakeNametag 5 points 20 hours ago Canadian Intelligence sounds like something from an Austin Powers movie.  There should be a whole comedy series kind of like Reno 911 permalink award report block reply SweetBeef OP 4 points 22 hours ago https://x.com/DC_Draino/status/1988034527806320672 permalink award report block reply me-no-likely3 4 points 19 hours ago He sounds like some faggot with pronouns trying to sell software. The psychology an gaslighting were amazing to listen too permalink award report block reply FearGodTheAlmighty 3 points 14 hours ago She did the right thing by recording and sharing this. Expose these rats!!! permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 3 points 20 hours ago A second agent would have to come around to see what happened to his buddy. I would have stuffed that chump in a suitcase with bowling balls and dropped him into the river. permalink award report block reply f_bastiat 3 points 19 hours ago Lauren Southerns sister has the nicest rear end I have ever seen in my entire life. permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 3 points 18 hours ago Canadians are heavily censored and can no longer ask the world for help. permalink award report block reply kestral 3 points 18 hours ago The recorded conversation absolutely sounded like he was trying to sleep with her and just using the "You're in danger but only I can help you" as leverage. permalink award report block reply Liskamm 2 points 9 hours ago This guy sounds like he has a punchable face. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 2 points 21 hours ago An entire faggot "nation" permalink award report block reply benjovikenobi 2 points 16 hours ago Why is it called "intelligence" when it's retarded? permalink award report block reply Ryker 4 points 15 hours ago “We’ll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” permalink parent award report block reply irescreams 1 points 6 hours ago So Tim Pool is compromised? permalink award report block reply FearGodTheAlmighty 1 points 14 hours ago Why are intel agents trained to be such notorious scumbags? It's very counter-productive... permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 13 hours ago Are they trying to charge with transphobia for identifying as an attack helicopter or something? permalink award report block reply raptormissle 1 points 14 hours ago Even the Canada Goose in the background is outraged. permalink award report block reply Unbounded1 1 points 14 hours ago They wanted to make her a honeypot to take Tim Pool down and probably make false sexual allegations against him and his cast. permalink award report block reply lifeisahologram 1 points 8 hours ago What would she be arrested or in court for? He kept talking so vaguely like just existing as her she’s gonna be indicted because she doesn’t help globohomo or something. So weird. permalink award report block reply BlackJack1776 1 points 21 hours ago So, is that why she fucked Destiny? Cool story..... permalink award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 5 points 21 hours ago No way she actually did lol, isn't he a massive actual cuck? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 1 points 20 hours ago https://x.com/Earthnoided/status/1862713094411046976?lang=en Just search: "Lauren Southern Destiny" for much, much more. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -2 points 16 hours ago She is a coal burning whore. Why would a Coke head manlet pedo be out of reach permalink parent award report block reply
DeploraBen 40 points 21 hours ago He sounds like a 16 year old at CSIS camp.  He's not even a good liar.  "We found your gym and contacted them to get hold of you."  They tracked down her gym and contacted them...because they couldn't track her down and contact her.  Please.  Intimidation, manipulation, harassment. permalink award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 25 points 21 hours ago Can we talk about this guys VOICE? He s SOUNDS  like a sophomore twink gender studies pajama boy. Oddly when we meet modern, western intel men they mostly sound like this. What's going on? Where's the intimidating manly spys? permalink parent award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 14 points 21 hours ago And he took for fucking ever to say his lines and get to the point lol. Was embarrassing if it wasn't so batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 6 points 19 hours ago I guess you've never met a canadian... they all sound like that permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 4 points 11 hours ago This Canadian thinks you're a blow hard do nothing faggot. I'll never forget those 3 weeks in Feb 2022 when you sat there doing nothing while we had globalists scrambling. All you had to do was get off your ass... and you couldn't.  3 weeks is enough time to get from Anywhere in the USA to the border. Jan 6th. You also did nothing. You never liberated a single political prisoner. You never stopped a single corrupt official. You do nothing but post on the internet. This CSIS guy actually sounds like  San Francisco native to me, maybe hes related to you. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 5 points 15 hours ago Fits the CIA’ profile, they’ll hire him directly next time permalink parent award report block reply abstr4ct 3 points 19 hours ago dont ask to talk, talk. permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 18 hours ago I wasn't asking if.i could type, but if anyone had thoughts on the very strange phenomenon of wussy sounding intel bros permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 8 hours ago They hire these type of men on purpose. The weak type of men, who finally think they have power over someone. Real manly men won’t do this job. permalink parent award report block reply schiff_for_brains 11 points 21 hours ago No kidding.  He's all over the place and some old nasty bald dude has got to be trying to coach him in the background. permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 0 points 11 hours ago Plenty of women like my bald head and bearded face - not sure who abused you permalink parent award report block reply Moebius 5 points 21 hours ago Yup.  He's a slimy bastard with a big ego...and he sux at trade craft. Lame. permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 25 points 21 hours ago Can we talk about this guys VOICE? He s SOUNDS  like a sophomore twink gender studies pajama boy. Oddly when we meet modern, western intel men they mostly sound like this. What's going on? Where's the intimidating manly spys? permalink parent award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 14 points 21 hours ago And he took for fucking ever to say his lines and get to the point lol. Was embarrassing if it wasn't so batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply lul_cheto 6 points 19 hours ago I guess you've never met a canadian... they all sound like that permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 4 points 11 hours ago This Canadian thinks you're a blow hard do nothing faggot. I'll never forget those 3 weeks in Feb 2022 when you sat there doing nothing while we had globalists scrambling. All you had to do was get off your ass... and you couldn't.  3 weeks is enough time to get from Anywhere in the USA to the border. Jan 6th. You also did nothing. You never liberated a single political prisoner. You never stopped a single corrupt official. You do nothing but post on the internet. This CSIS guy actually sounds like  San Francisco native to me, maybe hes related to you. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 5 points 15 hours ago Fits the CIA’ profile, they’ll hire him directly next time permalink parent award report block reply abstr4ct 3 points 19 hours ago dont ask to talk, talk. permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 18 hours ago I wasn't asking if.i could type, but if anyone had thoughts on the very strange phenomenon of wussy sounding intel bros permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 8 hours ago They hire these type of men on purpose. The weak type of men, who finally think they have power over someone. Real manly men won’t do this job. permalink parent award report block reply
SteelBallRun1890 14 points 21 hours ago And he took for fucking ever to say his lines and get to the point lol. Was embarrassing if it wasn't so batshit crazy. permalink parent award report block reply
lul_cheto 6 points 19 hours ago I guess you've never met a canadian... they all sound like that permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 4 points 11 hours ago This Canadian thinks you're a blow hard do nothing faggot. I'll never forget those 3 weeks in Feb 2022 when you sat there doing nothing while we had globalists scrambling. All you had to do was get off your ass... and you couldn't.  3 weeks is enough time to get from Anywhere in the USA to the border. Jan 6th. You also did nothing. You never liberated a single political prisoner. You never stopped a single corrupt official. You do nothing but post on the internet. This CSIS guy actually sounds like  San Francisco native to me, maybe hes related to you. permalink parent award report block reply
Liberate_Acquire 4 points 11 hours ago This Canadian thinks you're a blow hard do nothing faggot. I'll never forget those 3 weeks in Feb 2022 when you sat there doing nothing while we had globalists scrambling. All you had to do was get off your ass... and you couldn't.  3 weeks is enough time to get from Anywhere in the USA to the border. Jan 6th. You also did nothing. You never liberated a single political prisoner. You never stopped a single corrupt official. You do nothing but post on the internet. This CSIS guy actually sounds like  San Francisco native to me, maybe hes related to you. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 5 points 15 hours ago Fits the CIA’ profile, they’ll hire him directly next time permalink parent award report block reply
abstr4ct 3 points 19 hours ago dont ask to talk, talk. permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 18 hours ago I wasn't asking if.i could type, but if anyone had thoughts on the very strange phenomenon of wussy sounding intel bros permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 2 points 18 hours ago I wasn't asking if.i could type, but if anyone had thoughts on the very strange phenomenon of wussy sounding intel bros permalink parent award report block reply
Skyes 1 points 8 hours ago They hire these type of men on purpose. The weak type of men, who finally think they have power over someone. Real manly men won’t do this job. permalink parent award report block reply
schiff_for_brains 11 points 21 hours ago No kidding.  He's all over the place and some old nasty bald dude has got to be trying to coach him in the background. permalink parent award report block reply Liberate_Acquire 0 points 11 hours ago Plenty of women like my bald head and bearded face - not sure who abused you permalink parent award report block reply
Liberate_Acquire 0 points 11 hours ago Plenty of women like my bald head and bearded face - not sure who abused you permalink parent award report block reply
Moebius 5 points 21 hours ago Yup.  He's a slimy bastard with a big ego...and he sux at trade craft. Lame. permalink parent award report block reply
Gadbous 30 points 22 hours ago Lauren Southern did not kill herself... permalink award report block reply stillbringingitback 10 points 19 hours ago Himself* permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 2 points 15 hours ago You mean choppherself Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago Tranny so 41% chance HE does permalink parent award report block reply
stillbringingitback 10 points 19 hours ago Himself* permalink parent award report block reply
BlackToof_Grin 2 points 15 hours ago You mean choppherself Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply
ianpatrick1966 1 points 8 hours ago Tranny so 41% chance HE does permalink parent award report block reply
JohnN 30 points 21 hours ago The big lesson is that many "normal people" will be tyrants if they get a paycheck. permalink award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 11 points 20 hours ago Ding ding ding! permalink parent award report block reply VeryFinePerson84 8 points 20 hours ago And the reason is because they are "of the world".  They look at the world, see what's going on, then conclude "well that's just how the world is, that's just how things are" and they join in.  "It's a dog eat dog world".   "If you can't beat em, join em".  That sort of thinking.  Whichever way the wind blows.  Whatever society is doing that becomes the norm, and thus the moral norm.   Appeal to population fallacy. permalink parent award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 11 points 20 hours ago Ding ding ding! permalink parent award report block reply
VeryFinePerson84 8 points 20 hours ago And the reason is because they are "of the world".  They look at the world, see what's going on, then conclude "well that's just how the world is, that's just how things are" and they join in.  "It's a dog eat dog world".   "If you can't beat em, join em".  That sort of thinking.  Whichever way the wind blows.  Whatever society is doing that becomes the norm, and thus the moral norm.   Appeal to population fallacy. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 20 points 20 hours ago Jeez. Imagine sitting around drinking coffee at the kitchen table with this 2nd gen Chinese Canadian intelligence dude, listening to him low-key threaten to take your kids into state custody, and have the self-possession not to throw that coffee in his face and maybe stab him to death with a kitchen knife. permalink award report block reply
Everyonelovesblacks 20 points 21 hours ago Those lowlife motherfuckers need to be deep throating shotgun muzzles. permalink award report block reply PMSocks 9 points 21 hours ago CSIS throats are pretty busy gulping brown and islamic cock permalink parent award report block reply celticwhisper 1 points 16 hours ago So hollow out a dildo and slip it over the barrel of a 12-gauge? permalink parent award report block reply
PMSocks 9 points 21 hours ago CSIS throats are pretty busy gulping brown and islamic cock permalink parent award report block reply celticwhisper 1 points 16 hours ago So hollow out a dildo and slip it over the barrel of a 12-gauge? permalink parent award report block reply
celticwhisper 1 points 16 hours ago So hollow out a dildo and slip it over the barrel of a 12-gauge? permalink parent award report block reply
Nachos_and_cheese 15 points 21 hours ago sooooo ahhhhh what are they insinuating that she was involved in? permalink award report block reply StCharlie 14 points 20 hours ago Anything that she will illicit from the conversation to get dirt on conservative influencers.  They have nothing on her from the sound of it. permalink parent award report block reply sorrytodisagree 1 points 15 hours ago A person with something to hide would be understandably paranoid if a national intelligence service implies that they know. They don't need to know a person's darkest secrets if they just pretend to know.  And when that failed to land they implied they'd simply frame her for something. permalink parent award report block reply
StCharlie 14 points 20 hours ago Anything that she will illicit from the conversation to get dirt on conservative influencers.  They have nothing on her from the sound of it. permalink parent award report block reply
sorrytodisagree 1 points 15 hours ago A person with something to hide would be understandably paranoid if a national intelligence service implies that they know. They don't need to know a person's darkest secrets if they just pretend to know.  And when that failed to land they implied they'd simply frame her for something. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 9 points 21 hours ago I bet this is sorta tied to Lauren Chen. What Biden Admin did to her is fucking criminal. People still think she made a secret deal with some Russian spy. I don't think the full story is all out there it is far more likely that it was just the US spies setting her and people like Tim Pool up. The Biden admin was on pace to go full fascist if they won. permalink award report block reply SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago She is a dumb cunt but I don’t believe the Russian asset bullshit either permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby 2 points 16 hours ago She is a dumb cunt but I don’t believe the Russian asset bullshit either permalink parent award report block reply
mydogma8yourkarma 7 points 18 hours ago She has a strong case for political asylum and we share a border... she needs to GTFO before they gulag her. permalink award report block reply
BrianOfNazareth 6 points 20 hours ago If there's any justice in the world, Trump will roll out the big monitor behind Mark Carney the next time he visits the WH and make him squirm in front of everybody. permalink award report block reply
FallenOne 6 points 18 hours ago The Canadian CIA sounds like they are bigger faggots than our CIA. From the way that agent who was talking to her sounded, you know his asshole is so blown out he hasn't been able to hold a fart in for 10 years. permalink award report block reply
LORDFALCONE 6 points 21 hours ago Right on cue these grifters come back out of the woodwork. How long until she asks me to contribute to her patreon or whatever permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 15 points 20 hours ago Whatever you think of these people, they are being manipulated by spies in a fucked up way. And the way they get treated is just a sneak peek into how they'll be treating you in the future. Just look at what happened to Lauren Chen. If you think she collaborated with a Russian spy then you don't know what actually happened. Not that I give a shit about any of these people but it's just a tiny window into what the Globalist agencies are/were doing. permalink parent award report block reply PMSocks 12 points 21 hours ago She at least talked about South Africa before most others did. permalink parent award report block reply Kolob64 7 points 17 hours ago She did tons of good work. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -3 points 16 hours ago With all her coal burning she should just get back to it on only fans. Probably would make more. Nobody buys her bullshit anymore permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 15 points 20 hours ago Whatever you think of these people, they are being manipulated by spies in a fucked up way. And the way they get treated is just a sneak peek into how they'll be treating you in the future. Just look at what happened to Lauren Chen. If you think she collaborated with a Russian spy then you don't know what actually happened. Not that I give a shit about any of these people but it's just a tiny window into what the Globalist agencies are/were doing. permalink parent award report block reply
PMSocks 12 points 21 hours ago She at least talked about South Africa before most others did. permalink parent award report block reply Kolob64 7 points 17 hours ago She did tons of good work. permalink parent award report block reply
Kolob64 7 points 17 hours ago She did tons of good work. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby -3 points 16 hours ago With all her coal burning she should just get back to it on only fans. Probably would make more. Nobody buys her bullshit anymore permalink parent award report block reply
NeverInterruptEnemy 6 points 18 hours ago Good to know I would absolutely resist pathetic Canadian “intelligence”. There is absolutely got to be a Spy Kids interview scene that is more believable than this cuck retard. permalink award report block reply
SCP0073 5 points 20 hours ago Always thought she was kind of an attention whore but she deserves props for not caving. permalink award report block reply
FakeNametag 5 points 20 hours ago Canadian Intelligence sounds like something from an Austin Powers movie.  There should be a whole comedy series kind of like Reno 911 permalink award report block reply
SweetBeef OP 4 points 22 hours ago https://x.com/DC_Draino/status/1988034527806320672 permalink award report block reply
me-no-likely3 4 points 19 hours ago He sounds like some faggot with pronouns trying to sell software. The psychology an gaslighting were amazing to listen too permalink award report block reply
FearGodTheAlmighty 3 points 14 hours ago She did the right thing by recording and sharing this. Expose these rats!!! permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 3 points 20 hours ago A second agent would have to come around to see what happened to his buddy. I would have stuffed that chump in a suitcase with bowling balls and dropped him into the river. permalink award report block reply
f_bastiat 3 points 19 hours ago Lauren Southerns sister has the nicest rear end I have ever seen in my entire life. permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 3 points 18 hours ago Canadians are heavily censored and can no longer ask the world for help. permalink award report block reply
kestral 3 points 18 hours ago The recorded conversation absolutely sounded like he was trying to sleep with her and just using the "You're in danger but only I can help you" as leverage. permalink award report block reply
Liskamm 2 points 9 hours ago This guy sounds like he has a punchable face. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 2 points 21 hours ago An entire faggot "nation" permalink award report block reply
benjovikenobi 2 points 16 hours ago Why is it called "intelligence" when it's retarded? permalink award report block reply Ryker 4 points 15 hours ago “We’ll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” permalink parent award report block reply
Ryker 4 points 15 hours ago “We’ll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” permalink parent award report block reply
irescreams 1 points 6 hours ago So Tim Pool is compromised? permalink award report block reply
FearGodTheAlmighty 1 points 14 hours ago Why are intel agents trained to be such notorious scumbags? It's very counter-productive... permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 13 hours ago Are they trying to charge with transphobia for identifying as an attack helicopter or something? permalink award report block reply
raptormissle 1 points 14 hours ago Even the Canada Goose in the background is outraged. permalink award report block reply
Unbounded1 1 points 14 hours ago They wanted to make her a honeypot to take Tim Pool down and probably make false sexual allegations against him and his cast. permalink award report block reply
lifeisahologram 1 points 8 hours ago What would she be arrested or in court for? He kept talking so vaguely like just existing as her she’s gonna be indicted because she doesn’t help globohomo or something. So weird. permalink award report block reply
BlackJack1776 1 points 21 hours ago So, is that why she fucked Destiny? Cool story..... permalink award report block reply SteelBallRun1890 5 points 21 hours ago No way she actually did lol, isn't he a massive actual cuck? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 1 points 20 hours ago https://x.com/Earthnoided/status/1862713094411046976?lang=en Just search: "Lauren Southern Destiny" for much, much more. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -2 points 16 hours ago She is a coal burning whore. Why would a Coke head manlet pedo be out of reach permalink parent award report block reply
SteelBallRun1890 5 points 21 hours ago No way she actually did lol, isn't he a massive actual cuck? permalink parent award report block reply BlackJack1776 1 points 20 hours ago https://x.com/Earthnoided/status/1862713094411046976?lang=en Just search: "Lauren Southern Destiny" for much, much more. permalink parent award report block reply SanityGumby -2 points 16 hours ago She is a coal burning whore. Why would a Coke head manlet pedo be out of reach permalink parent award report block reply
BlackJack1776 1 points 20 hours ago https://x.com/Earthnoided/status/1862713094411046976?lang=en Just search: "Lauren Southern Destiny" for much, much more. permalink parent award report block reply
SanityGumby -2 points 16 hours ago She is a coal burning whore. Why would a Coke head manlet pedo be out of reach permalink parent award report block reply