1250 👀👀 posted 9 hours ago by Trick 32 comments award share download report block
32 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style blue5707 21 points 9 hours ago *rOyAltIES fOr ObAma permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 14 points 9 hours ago Was this fake news or not? it sounded so outlandish, like John Candy getting royalities for each sold M&M. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 8 hours ago It's bullshit permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Freefertilizer 3 points 8 hours ago Why would he get something so obvious.. The fact people think that is pretty sad.  I can see him getting kick backs in other ways.. that is how all this works and those kick backs through speeches, promotional events and books are much more than royalties anyways. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 8 hours ago He's dead, bro. The M&M royalties are going to an escrow account run for his estate after a three decade long court battle. Google it if you don't believe us. permalink parent award report block reply fat50 4 points 9 hours ago Maybe there isn't proof(yet), but it wouldn't surprise me one bit. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 6 hours ago 10% for the gay man. permalink parent award report block reply Comanche_Moon 2 points 9 hours ago Yes, that should have been another one of the bags going out. permalink parent award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 16 points 9 hours ago the other truck (not shown) are the politicians.  Totally unadulterated hosing of the American people. permalink award report block reply mohel 4 points 8 hours ago who have no talent? permalink parent award report block reply User25000 10 points 9 hours ago This seemed so obvious when Obama care came out, Obama was supposed to make an option for government health care and still retain the right to private healthcare, instead he forced people to buy high priced insurance from insurance companies or get dinged on your taxes. I had insurance briefly under Obama. The first insurance that didn't have insane deductibles was about $580 a month for a single person. Such a scam. permalink award report block reply AllisterTwo 3 points 7 hours ago Same boat, last year when I checked for a plan without an insane deductible and prescription coverage it was over $1500 a month for just me, with no pre-existing medical conditions!!! With those premiums and the still significant deductible I would need a second full time job at $15/hr just to pay for Obamacare after all is said and done!!! permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 3 points 4 hours ago my insurance rate went up 400% overnight and now about 15 years later its like 2000% higher than it was, if I wanted to buy the same plan our government is guilty of treason for many, many things permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 hours ago They basically fucked up healthcare so bad that everyone would be begging for single-payer as the “solution.” permalink parent award report block reply Dev404 5 points 8 hours ago That's every government program. They don't do anything that doesn't line their pockets with money. permalink award report block reply TerrorAndSlaughter 5 points 9 hours ago Never doubt that ceasing to dump in billions in tax dollars won’t instantly cause prices to drop. The insurance companies will raise their prices, normies will be shocked, paid shills will guide the narrative toward reopening the tax sluice, and rinos will fold. We need to nuke Obamacare first. permalink award report block reply ganachain 4 points 9 hours ago This is the scam distracting from the other scam.  Everyone arguing about insurance and the expense of "healthcare" when the western medical system is DOA.  You don't want to be paying into a system that is actively trying to kill you slowly while taking all your money.  You want out of that system. permalink award report block reply Lib_Women_Have_HSV 4 points 9 hours ago I've been pointing this out for years. Go look at Athena or any other Healthcare stock before obamacare. They were selling for $7-$23 and are not at $200+ permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 4 points 9 hours ago I thought the original plan was to collapse the healthcare system and force public insurance. In the meantime it was to do exactly this, require people to buy insurance, fleece both them and the government. It's a thousand page bill nobody read. Even with the fine, it was way cheaper than any premiums. permalink award report block reply starjello 5 points 8 hours ago Of course. It was written by the insurance companies. Big insurance companies worked in collusion with each other. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 4 points 8 hours ago We cannot afford to govern this way. permalink parent award report block reply captflerbus 3 points 8 hours ago you left the step out where the money goes back to politicians pockets from the ins/pharma companies permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 3 points 7 hours ago What happens when you subsidize things? That's right, prices go up. Food, rent, education, healthcare.. permalink award report block reply hansgruber7 3 points 9 hours ago It's not just insurance companies.  It's more for Big Health Care. permalink award report block reply Hammond 2 points 9 hours ago "You have to pass it to see what's in it".  ~ Nancy Pelosi permalink award report block reply MegoThor 1 points 7 hours ago Working as intended. permalink award report block reply Beer-_-Belly 1 points 8 hours ago Seems like the name on the front of that building & outlet truck needs to be an LED so it can continually change. permalink award report block reply drmrboy 1 points 7 hours ago Yeah ... and Trump wants to reform it ... not eliminate it.  Maybe getting government completely out of the situation would be better. 🤓 permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 0 points 6 hours ago Trump eliminates it and Misleadia will trot out "victims" 24/7 and you and I both know it permalink parent award report block reply MEME-SUPREME 1 points 8 hours ago Should be another truck on there with Obama's name. permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 1 points 7 hours ago Big Mike gets some. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 1 points 8 hours ago I feel like I’ve seen the same comic, except instead of Obamacare, it’s taxpayer funds getting sent to planned parenthood and being funneled to Dems permalink award report block reply
blue5707 21 points 9 hours ago *rOyAltIES fOr ObAma permalink award report block reply Meister_Bockmist 14 points 9 hours ago Was this fake news or not? it sounded so outlandish, like John Candy getting royalities for each sold M&M. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 8 hours ago It's bullshit permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Freefertilizer 3 points 8 hours ago Why would he get something so obvious.. The fact people think that is pretty sad.  I can see him getting kick backs in other ways.. that is how all this works and those kick backs through speeches, promotional events and books are much more than royalties anyways. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 8 hours ago He's dead, bro. The M&M royalties are going to an escrow account run for his estate after a three decade long court battle. Google it if you don't believe us. permalink parent award report block reply fat50 4 points 9 hours ago Maybe there isn't proof(yet), but it wouldn't surprise me one bit. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 6 hours ago 10% for the gay man. permalink parent award report block reply Comanche_Moon 2 points 9 hours ago Yes, that should have been another one of the bags going out. permalink parent award report block reply
Meister_Bockmist 14 points 9 hours ago Was this fake news or not? it sounded so outlandish, like John Candy getting royalities for each sold M&M. permalink parent award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 8 hours ago It's bullshit permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply Freefertilizer 3 points 8 hours ago Why would he get something so obvious.. The fact people think that is pretty sad.  I can see him getting kick backs in other ways.. that is how all this works and those kick backs through speeches, promotional events and books are much more than royalties anyways. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 8 hours ago He's dead, bro. The M&M royalties are going to an escrow account run for his estate after a three decade long court battle. Google it if you don't believe us. permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 4 points 8 hours ago It's bullshit permalink parent award report block reply Deportthemall23 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Deportthemall23 1 points 8 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Freefertilizer 3 points 8 hours ago Why would he get something so obvious.. The fact people think that is pretty sad.  I can see him getting kick backs in other ways.. that is how all this works and those kick backs through speeches, promotional events and books are much more than royalties anyways. permalink parent award report block reply BeauHD 2 points 8 hours ago He's dead, bro. The M&M royalties are going to an escrow account run for his estate after a three decade long court battle. Google it if you don't believe us. permalink parent award report block reply
BeauHD 2 points 8 hours ago He's dead, bro. The M&M royalties are going to an escrow account run for his estate after a three decade long court battle. Google it if you don't believe us. permalink parent award report block reply
fat50 4 points 9 hours ago Maybe there isn't proof(yet), but it wouldn't surprise me one bit. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 6 hours ago 10% for the gay man. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 6 hours ago 10% for the gay man. permalink parent award report block reply
Comanche_Moon 2 points 9 hours ago Yes, that should have been another one of the bags going out. permalink parent award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 16 points 9 hours ago the other truck (not shown) are the politicians.  Totally unadulterated hosing of the American people. permalink award report block reply mohel 4 points 8 hours ago who have no talent? permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 4 points 8 hours ago who have no talent? permalink parent award report block reply
User25000 10 points 9 hours ago This seemed so obvious when Obama care came out, Obama was supposed to make an option for government health care and still retain the right to private healthcare, instead he forced people to buy high priced insurance from insurance companies or get dinged on your taxes. I had insurance briefly under Obama. The first insurance that didn't have insane deductibles was about $580 a month for a single person. Such a scam. permalink award report block reply AllisterTwo 3 points 7 hours ago Same boat, last year when I checked for a plan without an insane deductible and prescription coverage it was over $1500 a month for just me, with no pre-existing medical conditions!!! With those premiums and the still significant deductible I would need a second full time job at $15/hr just to pay for Obamacare after all is said and done!!! permalink parent award report block reply fightfightfightx 3 points 4 hours ago my insurance rate went up 400% overnight and now about 15 years later its like 2000% higher than it was, if I wanted to buy the same plan our government is guilty of treason for many, many things permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 hours ago They basically fucked up healthcare so bad that everyone would be begging for single-payer as the “solution.” permalink parent award report block reply
AllisterTwo 3 points 7 hours ago Same boat, last year when I checked for a plan without an insane deductible and prescription coverage it was over $1500 a month for just me, with no pre-existing medical conditions!!! With those premiums and the still significant deductible I would need a second full time job at $15/hr just to pay for Obamacare after all is said and done!!! permalink parent award report block reply
fightfightfightx 3 points 4 hours ago my insurance rate went up 400% overnight and now about 15 years later its like 2000% higher than it was, if I wanted to buy the same plan our government is guilty of treason for many, many things permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 hours ago They basically fucked up healthcare so bad that everyone would be begging for single-payer as the “solution.” permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 4 hours ago They basically fucked up healthcare so bad that everyone would be begging for single-payer as the “solution.” permalink parent award report block reply
Dev404 5 points 8 hours ago That's every government program. They don't do anything that doesn't line their pockets with money. permalink award report block reply
TerrorAndSlaughter 5 points 9 hours ago Never doubt that ceasing to dump in billions in tax dollars won’t instantly cause prices to drop. The insurance companies will raise their prices, normies will be shocked, paid shills will guide the narrative toward reopening the tax sluice, and rinos will fold. We need to nuke Obamacare first. permalink award report block reply
ganachain 4 points 9 hours ago This is the scam distracting from the other scam.  Everyone arguing about insurance and the expense of "healthcare" when the western medical system is DOA.  You don't want to be paying into a system that is actively trying to kill you slowly while taking all your money.  You want out of that system. permalink award report block reply
Lib_Women_Have_HSV 4 points 9 hours ago I've been pointing this out for years. Go look at Athena or any other Healthcare stock before obamacare. They were selling for $7-$23 and are not at $200+ permalink award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 4 points 9 hours ago I thought the original plan was to collapse the healthcare system and force public insurance. In the meantime it was to do exactly this, require people to buy insurance, fleece both them and the government. It's a thousand page bill nobody read. Even with the fine, it was way cheaper than any premiums. permalink award report block reply starjello 5 points 8 hours ago Of course. It was written by the insurance companies. Big insurance companies worked in collusion with each other. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 4 points 8 hours ago We cannot afford to govern this way. permalink parent award report block reply
starjello 5 points 8 hours ago Of course. It was written by the insurance companies. Big insurance companies worked in collusion with each other. permalink parent award report block reply CocaineNewsome 4 points 8 hours ago We cannot afford to govern this way. permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 4 points 8 hours ago We cannot afford to govern this way. permalink parent award report block reply
captflerbus 3 points 8 hours ago you left the step out where the money goes back to politicians pockets from the ins/pharma companies permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 3 points 7 hours ago What happens when you subsidize things? That's right, prices go up. Food, rent, education, healthcare.. permalink award report block reply
hansgruber7 3 points 9 hours ago It's not just insurance companies.  It's more for Big Health Care. permalink award report block reply
Hammond 2 points 9 hours ago "You have to pass it to see what's in it".  ~ Nancy Pelosi permalink award report block reply
MegoThor 1 points 7 hours ago Working as intended. permalink award report block reply
Beer-_-Belly 1 points 8 hours ago Seems like the name on the front of that building & outlet truck needs to be an LED so it can continually change. permalink award report block reply
drmrboy 1 points 7 hours ago Yeah ... and Trump wants to reform it ... not eliminate it.  Maybe getting government completely out of the situation would be better. 🤓 permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 0 points 6 hours ago Trump eliminates it and Misleadia will trot out "victims" 24/7 and you and I both know it permalink parent award report block reply
Crappydatum 0 points 6 hours ago Trump eliminates it and Misleadia will trot out "victims" 24/7 and you and I both know it permalink parent award report block reply
MEME-SUPREME 1 points 8 hours ago Should be another truck on there with Obama's name. permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 1 points 7 hours ago Big Mike gets some. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 1 points 8 hours ago I feel like I’ve seen the same comic, except instead of Obamacare, it’s taxpayer funds getting sent to planned parenthood and being funneled to Dems permalink award report block reply