889 Since you like free things. posted 4 days ago by wst4 71 comments award share download report block
71 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Around the Web 1 Simple Hack to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight) GadgetCyno stealthboy 65 points 4 days ago Leftists are all about giving away OTHER people's money. permalink award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 20 points 4 days ago literally. I guess on her last tour, the KIDS who bought tickets had the option of buying a "change maker" ticket for a hugely inflated price, with a portion of that ticket price going to some kind of fake charity. now she comes along and plays hero with all of the kids money she stole. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 9 points 4 days ago I can't wait until all the Ukrainian holocaust survivors die because the 4 minute commercials asking for $19.95 a month to feed them bore me. 20 cents of that feeds people that died a decade ago. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 5 points 4 days ago Where's Sally Struthers...? permalink parent award report block reply Brownwaterboys 1 points 4 days ago but but but that old lady who only has half a carrot to eat.... she needs more money from the goyim. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -6 points 4 days ago She made a very large donation as well so… permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 4 points 4 days ago You understand that millionaires only donate to charitable foundations because it's a tax write-off offsetting income. If they couldn't do that they wouldn't give a dime to charity. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay. But they do. So. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Kpak76 16 points 4 days ago Doesn't she have more money than 99% of America?  Why isn't she giving her millions away? permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 5 points 4 days ago The only thing a leftist loves more than their own money is other people's money. permalink parent award report block reply Gletkin 2 points 4 days ago Yep. She calls out billionaires but not millionaires. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust -9 points 4 days ago She recently donated a huge chunk of her networth. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 7 points 4 days ago No she didnt. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 6 points 4 days ago Are you retarded? You know internet exists right? permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 8 points 4 days ago She recently donated $11.5 million worth of proceeds from her most recent tour while calling on billionaires to give away their money. Of course, wait until you hear about who she gave the money to. https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/music/articles/social-media-erupted-billie-eilish-121833093.html?guccounter=1 "food inequality and the climate crisis" permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 14 points 4 days ago Money laundering and paying her dues. There was no donating to a good cause there. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Drdonaldjtrump1776 40 points 4 days ago Notice she doesn't say millionaires, because she's a millionaire. Why are you a millionaire Billie? permalink award report block reply Area82 18 points 4 days ago Bernie Sanders stopped ragging on millionaires when he became one too. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 7 points 4 days ago The useful idiot leftists never grasp the fact that they aren't immune to that which they advocate for. Even the average leftist has more money than the poorer leftists, and those average leftists are going to have their wealth redistributed as well. I know a local commie who is the VP of sales for a large telescope company and owns a very nice home outright. He drives a newer car and enjoys dining out and taking frequent vacations. Everything this guy has and holds dear is the product of the same capitalist system that he claims has failed and needs to be destroyed. Under communism, this idiot would lose everything and might even end up with a plastic bag tied over his head for being so wealthy. permalink parent award report block reply PenguinOfDoom 21 points 4 days ago Hey Billie, guess who your side will come after once you've "taken care" of "the billionaires"? YOU, you're next as a multi-millionaire! Welcome to the Socialist Republic of Amerika!! permalink award report block reply coinneach007 10 points 4 days ago In reality once all the billionaires are dealt with civilization will be destroyed as all capital will leave the market and the stock market will be destroyed and all the millionaires will have to fight for food like everyone else. It will be the survivalists who will live on. permalink parent award report block reply PenguinOfDoom 1 points 4 days ago Sounds like Billie doesn't have to worry then. Yay for Billie! permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 0 points 4 days ago survivalists will probably mostly be overrun it will be those who can form cohesive local villages and clans that can defend themselves and produce food. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 4 days ago Tell that to the Mongols. Tell that to the Huns. They laugh at you as does all of human history. permalink parent award report block reply coinneach007 1 points 3 days ago And who will last long enough to form the villages? Survivalists! permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 7 points 4 days ago Communism has no use for shitty artists and "entertainers" like this dead eyed slag. She will be a very sad panda if she gets the communism she advocates for. permalink parent award report block reply DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 16 points 4 days ago Isn't she fantastically wealthy from all her satanic caterwauling? permalink award report block reply Purebloodsupreme 16 points 4 days ago She has to pay for security because the blacks will ruin the show down there. permalink award report block reply kmillz 15 points 4 days ago Rules for thee but not for me Point this out and I will REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE permalink award report block reply TRexScrotum 3 points 4 days ago Pelosi, is that you? I knew you were lurking here you little M&M. permalink parent award report block reply Reclaimer69 8 points 4 days ago Doesn't she currently have a world tour going on, with a ticket option that is more expensive, that allegedly has a donation to help the poor or something? Heaven forbid she use her own money instead of conning fans into doing it for her. permalink award report block reply ceva -4 points 4 days ago She recently has donated her own money to the tune of $11.5M permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 9 points 4 days ago Not her own money, it was from the tickets that fans opted in to pay more for permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago Says who? permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 1 points 3 days ago It was literally from the charity that gets the funds from the tickets permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 7 points 4 days ago Most people don’t ever see a million dollars in their entire life combined, much less millions several dozens over, so no hate Billie why don’t you just like give your money away? permalink award report block reply ceva -9 points 4 days ago She does. She recently donated $11.5M permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 8 points 4 days ago Why are you simping so hard for her in the comments? She’s a hack who steals old songs and makes them her own (like most modern pop). permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago I’m just stating facts. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 4 points 4 days ago And the billionaires do too. She is claiming it’s not enough. I’m just applying her own standards to herself. So come on Billie stop holding out! Give more money! permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay well you asked why Billie doesn’t and I’m just telling you she does. Is there a billionaire that’s giving a similar amount of money relative to their worth? permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 3 points 4 days ago That’s the problem with her argument. She is the arbiter of deciding how much someone has to give away? Why her? I decided she needed to donate 12 million so she’s a failure. That’s how it works according to her logic, one can just decide how much someone else has to give. She’s so selfish she didn’t give 12, why is she holding out on us!? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 2 points 4 days ago Wasn't her money. It was money people willingly gave to her by overpaying for a "change maker" ticket. permalink parent award report block reply SisterCovfefeToo 5 points 4 days ago Why do that when they can make payments on the tickets? permalink award report block reply YaharaRiver 4 points 4 days ago Not familiar with this person, but Morticia Addams would like a royalty payment for using her brand. permalink award report block reply Double_G 3 points 4 days ago Why are multi millionaires telling the billionaires to give away their money? Virtue signaling with other people's money? permalink award report block reply mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago and have the players play for free and give the beer for free and of course give the food for free cause PEOPLE ARE HUNGRY AT THOSE GAMES permalink award report block reply GreyKnight 2 points 4 days ago Insufferable twat. permalink award report block reply H0rse 2 points 4 days ago "Uh, I'm only a millionaire" permalink award report block reply clownshoes 2 points 4 days ago Look, I think if Jeff Bezos only made 450 billion and not 498 billion, he'd be ok. permalink award report block reply DieHeretic 2 points 4 days ago No no no no, you dumb fucks just don't get it. MY money is MINE.
I want to virtue signal with YOUR money. It's the Bernie Sanders Socialist plan. I NEED three houses. YOU don't. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago Celebrities could really benefit by learning to shut the fuck up. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 4 days ago like, what?  That's like totally different though.  I'm just a girl.  You're a misogynist for even making that, like, comparison permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 4 days ago She's punching down because most billionaires don't have her level of fame permalink award report block reply Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 4 days ago Rich people are better for the economy than poor people. permalink award report block reply Liberats 1 points 4 days ago But that's my money. permalink award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 4 days ago Gimme some of dat pussy for free permalink award report block reply SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago SSRI dead eyes. Never trust anyone with those eyes. permalink award report block reply Nomad899 1 points 4 days ago Billie Eilish's net worth is estimated to be around $50 million to $53 million as of late 2025. recently donated $11.5 million…. Give away your royalty rights and do free shows and sell your albums for cost and then will care permalink award report block reply Agent_Orange 1 points 4 days ago Elon Musk paid $12 billion in taxes in 2021. I'd say that's giving his money away . That doesn't include all the millions he's handed out to various causes. Just recently, he paid all the legal fees for Tommy Robinson. I'd say that counts as giving money away. Go to Hell, Billie. permalink award report block reply RentedMule 0 points 4 days ago To be fair to Billie, I don't think the artists have much, if any, control over ticket prices.  Ticketmaster has near monopoly power over ticket sales. They're the ones responsible for those exorbitant ticket prices. permalink award report block reply USNVET71 -2 points 4 days ago Who in the fuck is this trollop? Does it sing? Does it dance, what the fuck does it do I have never heard of it. permalink award report block reply ceva 2 points 4 days ago She’s a pop singer. permalink parent award report block reply
stealthboy 65 points 4 days ago Leftists are all about giving away OTHER people's money. permalink award report block reply twentytwentyfourr 20 points 4 days ago literally. I guess on her last tour, the KIDS who bought tickets had the option of buying a "change maker" ticket for a hugely inflated price, with a portion of that ticket price going to some kind of fake charity. now she comes along and plays hero with all of the kids money she stole. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 9 points 4 days ago I can't wait until all the Ukrainian holocaust survivors die because the 4 minute commercials asking for $19.95 a month to feed them bore me. 20 cents of that feeds people that died a decade ago. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 5 points 4 days ago Where's Sally Struthers...? permalink parent award report block reply Brownwaterboys 1 points 4 days ago but but but that old lady who only has half a carrot to eat.... she needs more money from the goyim. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -6 points 4 days ago She made a very large donation as well so… permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 4 points 4 days ago You understand that millionaires only donate to charitable foundations because it's a tax write-off offsetting income. If they couldn't do that they wouldn't give a dime to charity. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay. But they do. So. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Kpak76 16 points 4 days ago Doesn't she have more money than 99% of America?  Why isn't she giving her millions away? permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 5 points 4 days ago The only thing a leftist loves more than their own money is other people's money. permalink parent award report block reply Gletkin 2 points 4 days ago Yep. She calls out billionaires but not millionaires. permalink parent award report block reply Wanderlust -9 points 4 days ago She recently donated a huge chunk of her networth. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 7 points 4 days ago No she didnt. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 6 points 4 days ago Are you retarded? You know internet exists right? permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 8 points 4 days ago She recently donated $11.5 million worth of proceeds from her most recent tour while calling on billionaires to give away their money. Of course, wait until you hear about who she gave the money to. https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/music/articles/social-media-erupted-billie-eilish-121833093.html?guccounter=1 "food inequality and the climate crisis" permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 14 points 4 days ago Money laundering and paying her dues. There was no donating to a good cause there. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
twentytwentyfourr 20 points 4 days ago literally. I guess on her last tour, the KIDS who bought tickets had the option of buying a "change maker" ticket for a hugely inflated price, with a portion of that ticket price going to some kind of fake charity. now she comes along and plays hero with all of the kids money she stole. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 9 points 4 days ago I can't wait until all the Ukrainian holocaust survivors die because the 4 minute commercials asking for $19.95 a month to feed them bore me. 20 cents of that feeds people that died a decade ago. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 5 points 4 days ago Where's Sally Struthers...? permalink parent award report block reply Brownwaterboys 1 points 4 days ago but but but that old lady who only has half a carrot to eat.... she needs more money from the goyim. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -6 points 4 days ago She made a very large donation as well so… permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 4 points 4 days ago You understand that millionaires only donate to charitable foundations because it's a tax write-off offsetting income. If they couldn't do that they wouldn't give a dime to charity. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay. But they do. So. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
QSWO1 9 points 4 days ago I can't wait until all the Ukrainian holocaust survivors die because the 4 minute commercials asking for $19.95 a month to feed them bore me. 20 cents of that feeds people that died a decade ago. permalink parent award report block reply GallowsTime 5 points 4 days ago Where's Sally Struthers...? permalink parent award report block reply Brownwaterboys 1 points 4 days ago but but but that old lady who only has half a carrot to eat.... she needs more money from the goyim. permalink parent award report block reply
GallowsTime 5 points 4 days ago Where's Sally Struthers...? permalink parent award report block reply
Brownwaterboys 1 points 4 days ago but but but that old lady who only has half a carrot to eat.... she needs more money from the goyim. permalink parent award report block reply
ceva -6 points 4 days ago She made a very large donation as well so… permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 4 points 4 days ago You understand that millionaires only donate to charitable foundations because it's a tax write-off offsetting income. If they couldn't do that they wouldn't give a dime to charity. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay. But they do. So. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
DieHeretic 4 points 4 days ago You understand that millionaires only donate to charitable foundations because it's a tax write-off offsetting income. If they couldn't do that they wouldn't give a dime to charity. permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay. But they do. So. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay. But they do. So. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Kpak76 16 points 4 days ago Doesn't she have more money than 99% of America?  Why isn't she giving her millions away? permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 5 points 4 days ago The only thing a leftist loves more than their own money is other people's money. permalink parent award report block reply
Gletkin 2 points 4 days ago Yep. She calls out billionaires but not millionaires. permalink parent award report block reply
Wanderlust -9 points 4 days ago She recently donated a huge chunk of her networth. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 7 points 4 days ago No she didnt. permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 6 points 4 days ago Are you retarded? You know internet exists right? permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 8 points 4 days ago She recently donated $11.5 million worth of proceeds from her most recent tour while calling on billionaires to give away their money. Of course, wait until you hear about who she gave the money to. https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/music/articles/social-media-erupted-billie-eilish-121833093.html?guccounter=1 "food inequality and the climate crisis" permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 14 points 4 days ago Money laundering and paying her dues. There was no donating to a good cause there. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
makersmarx 7 points 4 days ago No she didnt. permalink parent award report block reply
STONKATRUCK 6 points 4 days ago Are you retarded? You know internet exists right? permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 8 points 4 days ago She recently donated $11.5 million worth of proceeds from her most recent tour while calling on billionaires to give away their money. Of course, wait until you hear about who she gave the money to. https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/music/articles/social-media-erupted-billie-eilish-121833093.html?guccounter=1 "food inequality and the climate crisis" permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 14 points 4 days ago Money laundering and paying her dues. There was no donating to a good cause there. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
anotherthing 8 points 4 days ago She recently donated $11.5 million worth of proceeds from her most recent tour while calling on billionaires to give away their money. Of course, wait until you hear about who she gave the money to. https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/music/articles/social-media-erupted-billie-eilish-121833093.html?guccounter=1 "food inequality and the climate crisis" permalink parent award report block reply STONKATRUCK 14 points 4 days ago Money laundering and paying her dues. There was no donating to a good cause there. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
STONKATRUCK 14 points 4 days ago Money laundering and paying her dues. There was no donating to a good cause there. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Drdonaldjtrump1776 40 points 4 days ago Notice she doesn't say millionaires, because she's a millionaire. Why are you a millionaire Billie? permalink award report block reply Area82 18 points 4 days ago Bernie Sanders stopped ragging on millionaires when he became one too. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 7 points 4 days ago The useful idiot leftists never grasp the fact that they aren't immune to that which they advocate for. Even the average leftist has more money than the poorer leftists, and those average leftists are going to have their wealth redistributed as well. I know a local commie who is the VP of sales for a large telescope company and owns a very nice home outright. He drives a newer car and enjoys dining out and taking frequent vacations. Everything this guy has and holds dear is the product of the same capitalist system that he claims has failed and needs to be destroyed. Under communism, this idiot would lose everything and might even end up with a plastic bag tied over his head for being so wealthy. permalink parent award report block reply
Area82 18 points 4 days ago Bernie Sanders stopped ragging on millionaires when he became one too. permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 7 points 4 days ago The useful idiot leftists never grasp the fact that they aren't immune to that which they advocate for. Even the average leftist has more money than the poorer leftists, and those average leftists are going to have their wealth redistributed as well. I know a local commie who is the VP of sales for a large telescope company and owns a very nice home outright. He drives a newer car and enjoys dining out and taking frequent vacations. Everything this guy has and holds dear is the product of the same capitalist system that he claims has failed and needs to be destroyed. Under communism, this idiot would lose everything and might even end up with a plastic bag tied over his head for being so wealthy. permalink parent award report block reply
PenguinOfDoom 21 points 4 days ago Hey Billie, guess who your side will come after once you've "taken care" of "the billionaires"? YOU, you're next as a multi-millionaire! Welcome to the Socialist Republic of Amerika!! permalink award report block reply coinneach007 10 points 4 days ago In reality once all the billionaires are dealt with civilization will be destroyed as all capital will leave the market and the stock market will be destroyed and all the millionaires will have to fight for food like everyone else. It will be the survivalists who will live on. permalink parent award report block reply PenguinOfDoom 1 points 4 days ago Sounds like Billie doesn't have to worry then. Yay for Billie! permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 0 points 4 days ago survivalists will probably mostly be overrun it will be those who can form cohesive local villages and clans that can defend themselves and produce food. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 4 days ago Tell that to the Mongols. Tell that to the Huns. They laugh at you as does all of human history. permalink parent award report block reply coinneach007 1 points 3 days ago And who will last long enough to form the villages? Survivalists! permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader 7 points 4 days ago Communism has no use for shitty artists and "entertainers" like this dead eyed slag. She will be a very sad panda if she gets the communism she advocates for. permalink parent award report block reply
coinneach007 10 points 4 days ago In reality once all the billionaires are dealt with civilization will be destroyed as all capital will leave the market and the stock market will be destroyed and all the millionaires will have to fight for food like everyone else. It will be the survivalists who will live on. permalink parent award report block reply PenguinOfDoom 1 points 4 days ago Sounds like Billie doesn't have to worry then. Yay for Billie! permalink parent award report block reply True_Curmudgeon 0 points 4 days ago survivalists will probably mostly be overrun it will be those who can form cohesive local villages and clans that can defend themselves and produce food. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 4 days ago Tell that to the Mongols. Tell that to the Huns. They laugh at you as does all of human history. permalink parent award report block reply coinneach007 1 points 3 days ago And who will last long enough to form the villages? Survivalists! permalink parent award report block reply
PenguinOfDoom 1 points 4 days ago Sounds like Billie doesn't have to worry then. Yay for Billie! permalink parent award report block reply
True_Curmudgeon 0 points 4 days ago survivalists will probably mostly be overrun it will be those who can form cohesive local villages and clans that can defend themselves and produce food. permalink parent award report block reply DieHeretic 1 points 4 days ago Tell that to the Mongols. Tell that to the Huns. They laugh at you as does all of human history. permalink parent award report block reply coinneach007 1 points 3 days ago And who will last long enough to form the villages? Survivalists! permalink parent award report block reply
DieHeretic 1 points 4 days ago Tell that to the Mongols. Tell that to the Huns. They laugh at you as does all of human history. permalink parent award report block reply
coinneach007 1 points 3 days ago And who will last long enough to form the villages? Survivalists! permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader 7 points 4 days ago Communism has no use for shitty artists and "entertainers" like this dead eyed slag. She will be a very sad panda if she gets the communism she advocates for. permalink parent award report block reply
DrVSGGEOTUSPhD 16 points 4 days ago Isn't she fantastically wealthy from all her satanic caterwauling? permalink award report block reply
Purebloodsupreme 16 points 4 days ago She has to pay for security because the blacks will ruin the show down there. permalink award report block reply
kmillz 15 points 4 days ago Rules for thee but not for me Point this out and I will REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE permalink award report block reply TRexScrotum 3 points 4 days ago Pelosi, is that you? I knew you were lurking here you little M&M. permalink parent award report block reply
TRexScrotum 3 points 4 days ago Pelosi, is that you? I knew you were lurking here you little M&M. permalink parent award report block reply
Reclaimer69 8 points 4 days ago Doesn't she currently have a world tour going on, with a ticket option that is more expensive, that allegedly has a donation to help the poor or something? Heaven forbid she use her own money instead of conning fans into doing it for her. permalink award report block reply ceva -4 points 4 days ago She recently has donated her own money to the tune of $11.5M permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 9 points 4 days ago Not her own money, it was from the tickets that fans opted in to pay more for permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago Says who? permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 1 points 3 days ago It was literally from the charity that gets the funds from the tickets permalink parent award report block reply
ceva -4 points 4 days ago She recently has donated her own money to the tune of $11.5M permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 9 points 4 days ago Not her own money, it was from the tickets that fans opted in to pay more for permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago Says who? permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 1 points 3 days ago It was literally from the charity that gets the funds from the tickets permalink parent award report block reply
Watdawat 9 points 4 days ago Not her own money, it was from the tickets that fans opted in to pay more for permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago Says who? permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 1 points 3 days ago It was literally from the charity that gets the funds from the tickets permalink parent award report block reply
ceva -3 points 4 days ago Says who? permalink parent award report block reply Watdawat 1 points 3 days ago It was literally from the charity that gets the funds from the tickets permalink parent award report block reply
Watdawat 1 points 3 days ago It was literally from the charity that gets the funds from the tickets permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 7 points 4 days ago Most people don’t ever see a million dollars in their entire life combined, much less millions several dozens over, so no hate Billie why don’t you just like give your money away? permalink award report block reply ceva -9 points 4 days ago She does. She recently donated $11.5M permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 8 points 4 days ago Why are you simping so hard for her in the comments? She’s a hack who steals old songs and makes them her own (like most modern pop). permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago I’m just stating facts. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 4 points 4 days ago And the billionaires do too. She is claiming it’s not enough. I’m just applying her own standards to herself. So come on Billie stop holding out! Give more money! permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay well you asked why Billie doesn’t and I’m just telling you she does. Is there a billionaire that’s giving a similar amount of money relative to their worth? permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 3 points 4 days ago That’s the problem with her argument. She is the arbiter of deciding how much someone has to give away? Why her? I decided she needed to donate 12 million so she’s a failure. That’s how it works according to her logic, one can just decide how much someone else has to give. She’s so selfish she didn’t give 12, why is she holding out on us!? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 2 points 4 days ago Wasn't her money. It was money people willingly gave to her by overpaying for a "change maker" ticket. permalink parent award report block reply
ceva -9 points 4 days ago She does. She recently donated $11.5M permalink parent award report block reply Filo76 8 points 4 days ago Why are you simping so hard for her in the comments? She’s a hack who steals old songs and makes them her own (like most modern pop). permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago I’m just stating facts. permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 4 points 4 days ago And the billionaires do too. She is claiming it’s not enough. I’m just applying her own standards to herself. So come on Billie stop holding out! Give more money! permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay well you asked why Billie doesn’t and I’m just telling you she does. Is there a billionaire that’s giving a similar amount of money relative to their worth? permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 3 points 4 days ago That’s the problem with her argument. She is the arbiter of deciding how much someone has to give away? Why her? I decided she needed to donate 12 million so she’s a failure. That’s how it works according to her logic, one can just decide how much someone else has to give. She’s so selfish she didn’t give 12, why is she holding out on us!? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 2 points 4 days ago Wasn't her money. It was money people willingly gave to her by overpaying for a "change maker" ticket. permalink parent award report block reply
Filo76 8 points 4 days ago Why are you simping so hard for her in the comments? She’s a hack who steals old songs and makes them her own (like most modern pop). permalink parent award report block reply ceva -3 points 4 days ago I’m just stating facts. permalink parent award report block reply
ceva -3 points 4 days ago I’m just stating facts. permalink parent award report block reply
lifeisahologram 4 points 4 days ago And the billionaires do too. She is claiming it’s not enough. I’m just applying her own standards to herself. So come on Billie stop holding out! Give more money! permalink parent award report block reply ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay well you asked why Billie doesn’t and I’m just telling you she does. Is there a billionaire that’s giving a similar amount of money relative to their worth? permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 3 points 4 days ago That’s the problem with her argument. She is the arbiter of deciding how much someone has to give away? Why her? I decided she needed to donate 12 million so she’s a failure. That’s how it works according to her logic, one can just decide how much someone else has to give. She’s so selfish she didn’t give 12, why is she holding out on us!? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
ceva -2 points 4 days ago Okay well you asked why Billie doesn’t and I’m just telling you she does. Is there a billionaire that’s giving a similar amount of money relative to their worth? permalink parent award report block reply lifeisahologram 3 points 4 days ago That’s the problem with her argument. She is the arbiter of deciding how much someone has to give away? Why her? I decided she needed to donate 12 million so she’s a failure. That’s how it works according to her logic, one can just decide how much someone else has to give. She’s so selfish she didn’t give 12, why is she holding out on us!? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
lifeisahologram 3 points 4 days ago That’s the problem with her argument. She is the arbiter of deciding how much someone has to give away? Why her? I decided she needed to donate 12 million so she’s a failure. That’s how it works according to her logic, one can just decide how much someone else has to give. She’s so selfish she didn’t give 12, why is she holding out on us!? permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
EDDIT_IS_CUCKED 2 points 4 days ago Wasn't her money. It was money people willingly gave to her by overpaying for a "change maker" ticket. permalink parent award report block reply
SisterCovfefeToo 5 points 4 days ago Why do that when they can make payments on the tickets? permalink award report block reply
YaharaRiver 4 points 4 days ago Not familiar with this person, but Morticia Addams would like a royalty payment for using her brand. permalink award report block reply
Double_G 3 points 4 days ago Why are multi millionaires telling the billionaires to give away their money? Virtue signaling with other people's money? permalink award report block reply
mikethemarine 2 points 4 days ago and have the players play for free and give the beer for free and of course give the food for free cause PEOPLE ARE HUNGRY AT THOSE GAMES permalink award report block reply
GreyKnight 2 points 4 days ago Insufferable twat. permalink award report block reply
H0rse 2 points 4 days ago "Uh, I'm only a millionaire" permalink award report block reply
clownshoes 2 points 4 days ago Look, I think if Jeff Bezos only made 450 billion and not 498 billion, he'd be ok. permalink award report block reply
DieHeretic 2 points 4 days ago No no no no, you dumb fucks just don't get it. MY money is MINE.
I want to virtue signal with YOUR money. It's the Bernie Sanders Socialist plan. I NEED three houses. YOU don't. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago Celebrities could really benefit by learning to shut the fuck up. permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 1 points 4 days ago like, what?  That's like totally different though.  I'm just a girl.  You're a misogynist for even making that, like, comparison permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 1 points 4 days ago She's punching down because most billionaires don't have her level of fame permalink award report block reply
Wallllllllllllllllll 1 points 4 days ago Rich people are better for the economy than poor people. permalink award report block reply
Liberats 1 points 4 days ago But that's my money. permalink award report block reply
hughjasske69 1 points 4 days ago Gimme some of dat pussy for free permalink award report block reply
SickOfNeoPolitics 1 points 3 days ago SSRI dead eyes. Never trust anyone with those eyes. permalink award report block reply
Nomad899 1 points 4 days ago Billie Eilish's net worth is estimated to be around $50 million to $53 million as of late 2025. recently donated $11.5 million…. Give away your royalty rights and do free shows and sell your albums for cost and then will care permalink award report block reply
Agent_Orange 1 points 4 days ago Elon Musk paid $12 billion in taxes in 2021. I'd say that's giving his money away . That doesn't include all the millions he's handed out to various causes. Just recently, he paid all the legal fees for Tommy Robinson. I'd say that counts as giving money away. Go to Hell, Billie. permalink award report block reply
RentedMule 0 points 4 days ago To be fair to Billie, I don't think the artists have much, if any, control over ticket prices.  Ticketmaster has near monopoly power over ticket sales. They're the ones responsible for those exorbitant ticket prices. permalink award report block reply
USNVET71 -2 points 4 days ago Who in the fuck is this trollop? Does it sing? Does it dance, what the fuck does it do I have never heard of it. permalink award report block reply ceva 2 points 4 days ago She’s a pop singer. permalink parent award report block reply
ceva 2 points 4 days ago She’s a pop singer. permalink parent award report block reply