284 Sorry but each of us is a business... Our skilled labor is our product.. And we need to put a tariff now on the import of cheap foreign product.. foreign labor by H1B posted 9 hours ago by Tophat9000 7 comments award share report block Every individual worker is a business that sell a product ... The product is there Skilled labor... We make capital investments just like any other business It's called school is called training .. It takes a lot of time and money If tariffs make any sense on any foreign import... Then tariffs on import on the foreign product....labor.... is required in fact it's demanded cuz we're the most vulnerable American business Foreign labor should be the first product facing tariff ....not the last H1B is subsidization of the import of a foreign product And destroying the biggest business category in America American workers each one of us is a business Each one of us sell a product, our skilled labor And we don't need our market undercut. By cheap imports
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Greenhills 4 points 9 hours ago Tariff needs to be on exported labor permalink award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 4 points 9 hours ago It's been tried, unions and even minimum wage which was passed to keep US workers from being undercut by foreign labor, were supposed to be just that. Former got subverted and the latter got diluted. permalink award report block reply sordfysh PRO 2 points 8 hours ago The big problem is that nobody wants to invest in America when there is such a strong entitlement culture right below the nearly destroyed middle class. And frankly, there's half of that entitlement culture in the middle class and above. All the rare Americans who want to build things are being siphoned off by software companies and hedge funds, and money for independent projects is gobbled up by corporations and universities. The universities and corporations then indirectly sell the innovation to China. But if you do make something, you need people to help make it. But instead of just paying people to make the thing, you also have to train them. And regardless of how they actually perform, that worker is now your child and you must make sure that they are taken care of. They must have proper healthcare, they must have retirement benefits, and you must do half their taxes for them. Additionally, if they ever decide to go work for a Chinese company once you train them, they have every right to do so. Oh and if you hire too many of them, they could demand to involve government sanctioned organizations to force you to raise their wages and benefits beyond what is sustainable. And if you somehow get a manufacturing business up and running in the US, despite all these hurdles, eventually, the business will be sold to bankers who will scrap it and sell it to China. Solution:
American culture needs to become grateful for the small and medium businesses. Each community should be championing their local businesses instead of always extracting from them. And local communities should demand and expect that local business owners do not sell their business and jet off to liberal cities but instead build up the communities they are in. Americans need to reinvest in the people in their own communities and stop going to the stock casinos every chance they get. permalink award report block reply Harvestsmiles 1 points 3 hours ago Your dollars are supporting this. Spend them wisely. permalink award report block reply Tophat9000 OP 1 points 9 hours ago Why should big businesses.. see their product protected from being undercut from cheap form products by tariffs... But the littlest businesses in America ..the workers... See their product undercut by the deliberate import ....by the government... of cheap foreign product.. by H1B it makes no sense We should be first the not last protected business In the marketplace of America It also should be the first security concern not the last permalink award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply QSWO1 1 points 6 hours ago Nobody that is bitching about losing their job to a h1b boycotted the illegals that took over trades decades ago. Most of them employed illegals today. First time meme followed by pepe eating popcorn. permalink award report block reply
Greenhills 4 points 9 hours ago Tariff needs to be on exported labor permalink award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 4 points 9 hours ago It's been tried, unions and even minimum wage which was passed to keep US workers from being undercut by foreign labor, were supposed to be just that. Former got subverted and the latter got diluted. permalink award report block reply
sordfysh PRO 2 points 8 hours ago The big problem is that nobody wants to invest in America when there is such a strong entitlement culture right below the nearly destroyed middle class. And frankly, there's half of that entitlement culture in the middle class and above. All the rare Americans who want to build things are being siphoned off by software companies and hedge funds, and money for independent projects is gobbled up by corporations and universities. The universities and corporations then indirectly sell the innovation to China. But if you do make something, you need people to help make it. But instead of just paying people to make the thing, you also have to train them. And regardless of how they actually perform, that worker is now your child and you must make sure that they are taken care of. They must have proper healthcare, they must have retirement benefits, and you must do half their taxes for them. Additionally, if they ever decide to go work for a Chinese company once you train them, they have every right to do so. Oh and if you hire too many of them, they could demand to involve government sanctioned organizations to force you to raise their wages and benefits beyond what is sustainable. And if you somehow get a manufacturing business up and running in the US, despite all these hurdles, eventually, the business will be sold to bankers who will scrap it and sell it to China. Solution:
American culture needs to become grateful for the small and medium businesses. Each community should be championing their local businesses instead of always extracting from them. And local communities should demand and expect that local business owners do not sell their business and jet off to liberal cities but instead build up the communities they are in. Americans need to reinvest in the people in their own communities and stop going to the stock casinos every chance they get. permalink award report block reply
Harvestsmiles 1 points 3 hours ago Your dollars are supporting this. Spend them wisely. permalink award report block reply
Tophat9000 OP 1 points 9 hours ago Why should big businesses.. see their product protected from being undercut from cheap form products by tariffs... But the littlest businesses in America ..the workers... See their product undercut by the deliberate import ....by the government... of cheap foreign product.. by H1B it makes no sense We should be first the not last protected business In the marketplace of America It also should be the first security concern not the last permalink award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
QSWO1 1 points 6 hours ago Nobody that is bitching about losing their job to a h1b boycotted the illegals that took over trades decades ago. Most of them employed illegals today. First time meme followed by pepe eating popcorn. permalink award report block reply