182 The world’s longest bridge is in Louisiana, has held the records for almost 70 years, was buils in less than two years, and was constructed to reduce a commute by 50 minutes.

This was America before H1B. Building world wonders in its spare time for a minor inconvenience. posted 10 hours ago by PiratePatriotParrot 5 comments award share report block Mark Taylor @Mark___Taylor • 18h The world’s longest bridge is in Louisiana, has held the records for almost 70 years, was buils in less than two years, and was constructed to reduce a commute by 50 minutes. This was America before H1B. Building world wonders in its spare time for a minor inconvenience.
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style mykillk 8 points 10 hours ago America before environmentalists forced miles of red tape into the process permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 3 points 9 hours ago Bingo!  So many projects never get built, or take multitude of time longer with massive legal costs because someone saw a field mouse nearby and you don’t want to disturb disturbance habitat permalink parent award report block reply keeman 2 points 5 hours ago That was America then.  We have lost our way.  We need to make America great again.  End the empire.  Roll back government to at least no more than Eisenhower levels.  Stop teaching communism and degeneracy in schools.  And so on. permalink award report block reply hazelknut 2 points 3 hours ago this place could be astroturfed with engineering feats accomplished by Americans. the implications of Trumps comments are an insult to the greatest innovators of all time. permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 1 points 10 hours ago That was back when the blacks were building America though. permalink award report block reply
mykillk 8 points 10 hours ago America before environmentalists forced miles of red tape into the process permalink award report block reply thisisatestof2 3 points 9 hours ago Bingo!  So many projects never get built, or take multitude of time longer with massive legal costs because someone saw a field mouse nearby and you don’t want to disturb disturbance habitat permalink parent award report block reply
thisisatestof2 3 points 9 hours ago Bingo!  So many projects never get built, or take multitude of time longer with massive legal costs because someone saw a field mouse nearby and you don’t want to disturb disturbance habitat permalink parent award report block reply
keeman 2 points 5 hours ago That was America then.  We have lost our way.  We need to make America great again.  End the empire.  Roll back government to at least no more than Eisenhower levels.  Stop teaching communism and degeneracy in schools.  And so on. permalink award report block reply
hazelknut 2 points 3 hours ago this place could be astroturfed with engineering feats accomplished by Americans. the implications of Trumps comments are an insult to the greatest innovators of all time. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 1 points 10 hours ago That was back when the blacks were building America though. permalink award report block reply