44 DRUMPF! 🤬 posted 1 hour ago by Slipcue 8 comments award share download report block
8 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style Callsign_Fox1 3 points 1 hour ago Hopefully the good people of Chicago will repay him and start voting conservative. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 4 points 1 hour ago They won’t… permalink parent award report block reply Callsign_Fox1 1 points 1 hour ago Yeah. Trump cares too much. If I were dictator I would help to increase the suffering of Chicogoans and every other shithole full of leftists. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 3 points 1 hour ago If I was Trump, I’d be replacing their “elected” government with an appointed one. One that would clean up the crime, the corruption, reduce spending and taxes, and go full MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Slipcue OP 2 points 16 minutes ago Yes✅ permalink parent award report block reply RINO_fatigue 3 points 1 hour ago Just goes to show what kind of 'benefits' latrino immigration really brings to us.  Get rid of the rest of the diversity and all those listed crimes will be 100% eliminated permalink award report block reply AmericanForever 1 points 12 minutes ago Sweet, all temporary until they leave like last time and it goes back to being a shithole and nothing gets fixed. Focus on cities that actually have a shot. permalink award report block reply Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 minutes ago Someone in another thread argued that its because its cold now in Chicago permalink award report block reply
Callsign_Fox1 3 points 1 hour ago Hopefully the good people of Chicago will repay him and start voting conservative. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 4 points 1 hour ago They won’t… permalink parent award report block reply Callsign_Fox1 1 points 1 hour ago Yeah. Trump cares too much. If I were dictator I would help to increase the suffering of Chicogoans and every other shithole full of leftists. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 3 points 1 hour ago If I was Trump, I’d be replacing their “elected” government with an appointed one. One that would clean up the crime, the corruption, reduce spending and taxes, and go full MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Slipcue OP 2 points 16 minutes ago Yes✅ permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 4 points 1 hour ago They won’t… permalink parent award report block reply Callsign_Fox1 1 points 1 hour ago Yeah. Trump cares too much. If I were dictator I would help to increase the suffering of Chicogoans and every other shithole full of leftists. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 3 points 1 hour ago If I was Trump, I’d be replacing their “elected” government with an appointed one. One that would clean up the crime, the corruption, reduce spending and taxes, and go full MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Slipcue OP 2 points 16 minutes ago Yes✅ permalink parent award report block reply
Callsign_Fox1 1 points 1 hour ago Yeah. Trump cares too much. If I were dictator I would help to increase the suffering of Chicogoans and every other shithole full of leftists. permalink parent award report block reply henri_derelicte 3 points 1 hour ago If I was Trump, I’d be replacing their “elected” government with an appointed one. One that would clean up the crime, the corruption, reduce spending and taxes, and go full MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Slipcue OP 2 points 16 minutes ago Yes✅ permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 3 points 1 hour ago If I was Trump, I’d be replacing their “elected” government with an appointed one. One that would clean up the crime, the corruption, reduce spending and taxes, and go full MAGA. permalink parent award report block reply Slipcue OP 2 points 16 minutes ago Yes✅ permalink parent award report block reply
Slipcue OP 2 points 16 minutes ago Yes✅ permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue 3 points 1 hour ago Just goes to show what kind of 'benefits' latrino immigration really brings to us.  Get rid of the rest of the diversity and all those listed crimes will be 100% eliminated permalink award report block reply
AmericanForever 1 points 12 minutes ago Sweet, all temporary until they leave like last time and it goes back to being a shithole and nothing gets fixed. Focus on cities that actually have a shot. permalink award report block reply
Scumbag-reddit 1 points 4 minutes ago Someone in another thread argued that its because its cold now in Chicago permalink award report block reply