1068 "California has historically imported the highest number of H1B foreigners. They also have the highest amount of public defecation occurrences, up 140% over the past 5 years. Ill be updating my résumé moving forward to include "potty trained" to try and edge out these highly talented foreigners." posted 11 hours ago by bleeje 153 comments award share report block The Lectern Guy🇺🇸 @lecternleader • 1d Fun fact. California has historically imported the highest number of H1B foreigners,  gaining first place for number of India-born people in one state and approximately 20% of all India-born foreigners in America. They also have the highest amount of public defecation Disclose.tv @disclosetv • 2d NOW - Trump says that H1B immigrants are necessary since there are not plenty of talented Americans. Laura: "We have plenty of talented people here!" Trump: "No, you don't. No, you don't... No, you don't have... You don't have certain talents and you have to... People have to
153 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MasterChief08 77 points 10 hours ago We were not founded to be a nation of strangers and immigrants. We were a collection of Christian and deist colonies. 9/13 states had a state religion and all but NJ excluded atheists from government services. I say this as someone who isn't too religious. I loathe the 20th century indoctrination that America is just an economic zone. Once again WE WERE LIED TO about all these government programs. The incoming tax was only supposed to be on the equivalent of modern billionaires. Visa programs were supposed to bring in only the top 1% of 1%. We were LIED to. We want fucking revenge. We want solutions. We never consented to this shit. Now there's going to have to be immense pain as we send millions of unassimilated immigrants back. I don't care how many crying Muslim women you show me. It's your fault for bringing them here. There's going to be increasing unrest and violence until this demographic disaster is fixed. permalink award report block reply mohel 9 points 8 hours ago How dumb everybody feels for allowing the government fuck us so hard for so many years? Are Americans the dumbest motherfuckers on this planet? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 9 points 4 hours ago Not dumb. Angry.  Angry others were quick to dismiss conspiracy truths. Vaccines were loved here pre Covid, even though we had reservations…. And how about 9/11?.. an obv inside job. But some govt paid faggot will come crying in his pissrael serving boots to support our govt.  So he can keep his pension flush. But I blame the faggots who took the bag and didn’t say a word. The cunts too. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 2 points 2 hours ago Iraq 2003 permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -53 points 10 hours ago We want fucking revenge. Get the fuck off my Trump supporter website stormfaggot permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 43 points 10 hours ago You're being down voted. MAGA is done with civic nationalism. Moderation got us nowhere. I want to do anything necessary to restore the demographic composition I lived under when this country wasn't fucking completely hollowed out. Now I have to listen to a half dozen foreign languages at the grocery store while fat foreign women spend my stolen money on their EBT. I did not consent to be a minority in the country of my father and grandfather. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago It's more of the tiresome NPCism "stormfag" or "storm faggot". It's just as overused and cringe as reddits belief that "everyone I disagree with is Hitler" permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Have you considered bloodless means of getting this done??? Look into the immigration rules of places like Dubai, Qatar and Singapore. This can be done with political will and creating a similar system, where both you and the legal migrants win. Just saying. It also stops everyone from doom posting. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -32 points 10 hours ago I come here to discuss MAGA shit with other Trump supporters. You, can fuck the fuck right off, I don't give a fat flying fuck about your opinion but here are some people that do https://bsky.app/ permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 24 points 10 hours ago Trump supporters have moved beyond Trump. We want revenge. We have been targeted our entire lives by these captured institutions and we want to see mass deportations beyond just the illegal invaders. Here take another -1. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... coretraining 9 points 10 hours ago Nah, you come here to harass MAGA as part of your job/religion. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago The only faggot here is you. Why do you think this guy is a knee-oh-natsee based off this lukewarm take anyway? The only people I see getting this sensitive over remigration are jews and jeets permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 4 points 9 hours ago Jews aren't just one group. I'm part of the uncircumcised Jew tribe. We like our foreskins where they are. Oh,, are you from the circumsized Jew tribe? I heard there women get real angry and cut off their boys foreskins because they secretly hate them. My girl is from the Philippines and believed in circumcisions until she met me, now she's converted. Nothing more comfy or smoothe then a nice foreskin. This Jew wants to send them back, this Jew believes in final solutions for illegal immigrants. I'm not ashamed to admit it, I would be just as fed up with immigration as old Adolf. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago The numbers don't lie, they absolutely debased our currency and flooded our country with millions of criminal third world aliens in the 4 years that the White House was illegally usurped. In any other time, a Turbo Hitler would come to power in response to the absolute freakshow of faggotry displayed by the Bolshevik coup-plotters permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago Yeah I think the silent majority on this site can agree that (1) Trump did us a huge solid and saved us from Kamala (2) he's not perfect on every issue and is known to make poor hiring decisions (3) in spite of that, I can sleep well at night knowing we have an administration that IS COMPETENT and GIVES A FUCK about the US instead of deliberately trying to destroy the nation permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 10 points 10 hours ago “don't ever speak to me or my wife's son again.” permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 9 hours ago Haha good one. Total burn permalink parent award report block reply The_Nowhere_Man 5 points 8 hours ago Real question. Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? If not, then you should understand we can disagree with something Trump says/does while still supporting his greater mission. Some of your replies just sound like you want to stir the pot, but I suppose you could also just be cultishly following everything Trump says as perfect and without reproach. I'm just curious on which it is - assuming you're willing to give a civil answer. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago I support Trump's stance which is that you should take the shot if you want to. I didn't feel like taking it. No problem. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 8 hours ago Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? That depends on whether we're talking about what he actually said vs. what fake news said that he said. Only cultish shit I see here are the angry shills once again coming here to divide MAGAs because h1b was mentioned in the news again permalink parent award report block reply Sanitas 4 points 7 hours ago What do you mean „was mentioned in the news“? Trump himself „mentioned it“ on the fucking news. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... coretraining 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 39 points 11 hours ago raise tariffs on H1Bs by 9,001% permalink award report block reply Pied-Trumper 23 points 11 hours ago Sounds like it's gonna be hard convincing him. permalink parent award report block reply BillGall2 -1 points 10 hours ago Trump is right that the H1B visa program is designed to bring in specially talented individuals who can contribute to reestablishing industries that have been lost to foreign competition over the years.  What he doesn't seem to understand is that the system is being abused by some companies who are using the H1B visa program to replace American workers with cheap semiskilled workers from places like India. The basic premise of the program is that these companies must prove that they have tried to recruit US workers before employing the H1B visa program.  Of course the libs love this influx of mindless Democratic voters. permalink parent award report block reply yeptheguy 34 points 10 hours ago No. Trump is wrong on H1B. It is a program designed to replace AMERICAN workers and suppress wages for the globalist corporate overlords we are now living under. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 10 hours ago But when a bunch of big biz reps meet him and say "We will fund the senate and house members to stop your entire agenda if you don't agree to h1b shit."  well... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 8 hours ago Yes and it should be kept at a minimum level where it does not displace American workers. We only want the top 0.0001% best and brightest from other countries, which is not many people permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -3 points 9 hours ago Yup it's a conspiracy! He's putins puppet.. Putin wants globalism so he ordered Trump to replace Americans with hijabs Lmao fuckin idiots permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 10 points 10 hours ago That's all bullshit the only reason they hire the foreigner is because hell do the job for half the fucking salary.  If they were so smart they wouldn't have a caste slave bitch system. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 1 hour ago And they do the job americas won’t do like lying on financial documents and ignoring privacy laws. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 9 hours ago Everybody can understand the concept of paying less for something and wanting to save and make more money. Please explain to me what's in it for "American companies" who hire cheap unskilled workers? .. And are we still talking about tech jobs, or a job like what laverne & shirley had inspecting the beer bottles. When a company hires unskilled workers their product suffers, and other companies with skilled workers and quality products take over their spot.. It's not that complicated, even a caveman can understand that permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe -17 points 10 hours ago No more of this. We need to support Trump if he wants more H1-Bs. Trumps is working to Make America Great Again, and has determined H1-Bs as our best path to do that. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 9 hours ago You almost got me schlomo permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Do you consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched an official American spelling bee in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 34 points 11 hours ago Indians belong in their cow dung festival parades, not working in America. America First! 🇺🇸 permalink award report block reply OnceADroplet 3 points 10 hours ago Cunningham's Law permalink parent award report block reply asdrubael_was_right 32 points 11 hours ago This is the most important issue of the moment. Not Israel. Not affordability. Not even Bondi. If the White House doesn’t get the message about what an existential threat to the American way of life endless H1-Bs immigration constitutes then we don’t have a country anymore. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago All of these problems you compare have the same source permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -26 points 10 hours ago Oh blow it out your ass you idiot. You sound just like the blue hairs that said democracy will end soon as Trump takes his 2nd term. We're talking about thousands of educated people coming here to work, not millions of sneaker over ers who didn't. You and all the panjeet or jarpeet or jagoff doomers can eat a bag of dicks permalink parent award report block reply btntx 10 points 8 hours ago My company imported a metric fuckton of these “educated people” for engineering jobs. Most are about as dumb as a bag of dicks. They need to go! permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 8 hours ago Why? Is it that the owners of the company don't have the supreme intelligence that you have and are getting fooled by these dumb foreigners? If not, tell me what does a company gain by hiring dumb unskilled workers besides being out performed by a company with smart capable workers? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 3 hours ago Tell me you'd board a plane flown by any of the 3 Indian "pilots" in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvJLylZXuWU permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp 3 points 4 hours ago Jfc.  Intel is pushing you faggots out there huh…imagine carrying water for fucking jeets. You’d be the first to mine bauxite, just for spite permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 4 hours ago I have no idea what you're talking about. I bet your bedroom has a ton of crazy pictures and printouts pinned to the walls with string connecting them like the charlie day meme permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 4 hours ago Is that your copy pasta, agent doofy?? I’m sorry, come again?.. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... coretraining 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply Chigginnuckets 30 points 11 hours ago I appreciate the deportations, but Trump is a colossal disappointment. permalink award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 20 points 10 hours ago Those were a disappointment as well. Were, as in, they are barely even happening anymore. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 12 points 9 hours ago Honestly I don't even think they happened. They won't tell us how many deportations even after paying 150 billion we should have a fucking covid style ticker on removals instead we paid 150 billion and maybe removed 500k of 15 million brought in under biden.. permalink parent award report block reply intamin 4 points 7 hours ago My friend got “deported”. He’s Canadian (I know, lol) and they literally just denied him at the border and then counted it as a deportation by saying he was trying to enter to work, which he wasn’t. They’re pumping the numbers everywhere they can. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 3 hours ago 15 million is a low estimate. The real number is at least 35 million. permalink parent award report block reply michealr24 1 points 6 hours ago Yep highly ashamed of his ass permalink parent award report block reply pollsarefake -3 points 6 hours ago Trump took a bullet for you, you treasonous maggot He doesn’t mean any of the H1B stuff It’s just bait to draw out the pro immigration traitors in our movement and smoke them They will reveal themselves by calling for Trumps trap Trump is a powerful alpha who is dozens of moves ahead of everyone permalink parent award report block reply michealr24 2 points 6 hours ago Trump is compromised. Sorry permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 26 points 10 hours ago There is a significant amount of our peers here supporting anti maga policies, like saying Americans don't have the talent and we need to import retarded foreigners who barely speak English to take good blue collar american jobs What do we do about the retards on our side? permalink award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -25 points 10 hours ago "like saying Americans don't have the talent and we need to import retarded foreigners who barely speak English to take good blue collar american jobs" Fake news. You're twisting his words. That's not what he said, you idiot. Go back rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 14 points 10 hours ago Im not twisting anything. I didn't quote him, you moron. But that is the context of the conversation he had, especially with the pushback from Ingram. Maybe you should rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -15 points 10 hours ago Another fucking idiot talking about "yes I know that wasn't what he said, but that was what he meant" You're a fucking idiot permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 10 points 10 hours ago Look how defensive you are because you know youre wrong lol Just like a liberal. Screaming and cursing. Not engaging the actual argument. Back to Reddit babe permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments... 3-10 22 points 10 hours ago I am sick of this excuse.  Cyber Security has a real issue where they use H1B to pay $70k when Americans are getting $100k-$120k.  It isn't that the Indians are better, it is that they get them a lot cheaper. Literally, you can spend less than $500 and become functional in cyber security at an entry level position.  It just requires self-discipline.  It blows my mind he just doesn't get it.  There are plenty of people trying to get into cyber security and it is highly needed, the problem is that H1B are so cheap that they cut out the American worker.  Don't tell me that the US folk are lazy, most of them actually learned the material. CompTIA had a huge problem a couple years ago where they found out that 1/3 to 40% of Indians cheated on their certification tests. I personally have seen in the industry where we get H1B and they don't know a thing and lied about their skill set and had the management tell us, just train them up. It is why I never trust Indians anymore.  Culturally they are all liars it is a normal thing in their culture to lie, especially about their qualifications to get a job, because getting the job is the most critical thing to them.  Ask Kash "me outside" Hotel.  He is the perfect example. So you want to know how to get into cyber security? Just takes some self discipline and here is how you do it: TryHackMe https://tryhackme.com/ Start for free to see if you want to do it.  Sign up, use the student discount to save money or if they have a sale. Get the SAL1: https://tryhackme.com/certification/security-analyst-level-1 Start looking for work, someone will hire you, even if it is just Help Desk.  If you want to get a job with the federal government doing cyber security also get the CompTIA Security+, otherwise not really needed. Free CompTIA training: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLG49S3nxzAnl4QDVqK-hOnoqcSKEIDDuv&si=VsjCZsYteGVFHX1n After SAL1 go get CDSA https://academy.hackthebox.com/preview/certifications/htb-certified-defensive-security-analyst That will make you are marketable as any AA degree and honestly most CS degrees since in my experience they spend most of the CS degree teaching management and not skills. If you decide you absolutely want a CS degree, do it for super cheap.  Here is how to a Bachelor's in 1 year and for about $10k: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJzsrrw76fQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q41ruZbqXGc permalink award report block reply Patrick_Bateman 11 points 8 hours ago Anyone else reading this thread, this dude is on point. One thing I will add in regards to security is the vulnerability we're subjecting ourselves to. If I could ask President Trump one question about this subject, it would be something along the lines of... Mr. President, you lectured Europe about the vulnerability of relying upon foreign countries for energy. How is relying upon foreign tech workers any different? Sempra and Edison are both doing this and they are massive utility companies. We are basically outsourcing the technological infrastructure of our power grid. In what way is this a good idea? How much money are these multibillion dollar corporations saving in order to justify this risk? $10M? $50M? $100M? What monetary figure justifies the risk? Is it lowering the cost of energy? The per kWh price of electricity has doubled over the past decade in much of the country. Where is the consumer benefit to all of this cost savings for the utilities? permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 6 points 9 hours ago Dude, this is fucking awesome! permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 4 hours ago I got transferred from actual 611 T-Mobile to some other random Indian who wanted me to install remote access software on my device.     Ive seen to much "do not redeem" to even consider it.    At this point American companies, even if legit, have lost our trust by replacing us with Indians.     I'm always going to assume scam.  And if they don't scam, they save your info for a friend who does.    Fuck it, it saves me a fortune in collection calls.     Begone scammer.   Whether it's legit or not, how am I supposed to know? permalink parent award report block reply zippy2 18 points 11 hours ago Why are Indians ready to build missles? If there was ever a scenario Indians can do something that we can't then it's only long enough to train their replacement then they go back. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 4 hours ago Because they wanna move the theatre here.  Indian vs paki just sounds like a shit show…so bring Hindus and Muslims here and watch sparks fly. permalink parent award report block reply Redpilled2Depression 18 points 10 hours ago No Trump, importing infinite Indians will NOT fucking Make America Great Again! WTAF is going on with you lately?? If I had known you’d start bait and switching me here like this, I’d genuinely would’ve had second thoughts about voting for you for a 3rd time!! permalink award report block reply ForgottenUsername 3 points 4 hours ago That bullet might have done a lot more damage than we initially believed.    It really seems like the one that hit Charlie fucked him up even worse.      Especially with the discrepancies in the narrative from his own FBI.   And no info around his shooter.   I suspect he's realizing he's not really in control.   I'd be up all night peaking through the blinds for secret service agents I don't trust. permalink parent award report block reply PedePete 15 points 11 hours ago "Big Tech" is a massive driver behind that which keeps the disgusting creature that is the california economy alive, and they are some of the biggest abusers of the H1B scam. Why is Trump talking about factory workers as if that is the topic at hand here? permalink award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 4 hours ago I wonder if the homeless are being unfairly blamed for San Francisco streets.   It might be all the pajeets.     The homeless I knew would at least shit in a plastic bag and put it in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply Ep1ctetus 14 points 10 hours ago The key question — “how did we do it before, for hundreds of years?” permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 6 points 7 hours ago With gold-standard, no inflation and no foreigners, delivering a quality product for a reasonable price was possible. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 3 hours ago They've sucked too much off of our country through usury that it's fucked.    At this point we should just be honest and go to third world countries and get slaves to prop up our economy.    No more if this giving them citizenship shit.   We can't pay workers enough to make anything, because then nobody would be and to afford to buy anything, and certainly not rent a place with all the artificially inflated prices and all the palms that need to be greased on every transaction.      The whole Fed system and most social services are  just a ponzi scheme that requires constant growth, but they've extracted so much that the pyramid is about to collapse.     Filling the country with third world savages won't fix it. permalink parent award report block reply CrispyCracker2 13 points 9 hours ago He just ended our chances in the mid-terms. FUCK, I wish he had thought that statement through. Gen Z and Millenials are LOST. This statement just ended any remaining hope they still had at a decent future. Damn, that was dumb. permalink award report block reply EvilGreed209 10 points 9 hours ago I told my nephew really think and study up on becoming an expat overseas because their is nothing for you in America if you stay here you will be in a desolate wasteland when the dollar crashes people lose their minds in land of the gun you'll never put that genie in the bottle once the grocery stores get looted cause ebt shut off.... broke ass 3rd world get out if under 35. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 2 hours ago Get out where? It's just as bad, or worse, everywhere. Except maybe Japan, but they don't allow immigration, which means you probably can't move there. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 12 points 10 hours ago They are fucking everywhere in California. I see more Haji than young white couples in California...They move their whole fucking family when one gets an upper middle class job. Talking grandparents in the 5 bedroom even got the long lost 40 year old cousins in the garage living and cooking in their like they are back on the streets of Mumbai even in my 800k million dollar suburb  central valley cali. permalink award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 4 points 7 hours ago I see more Haji than young white couples in California Where do you live? I live in OC and there are more than ever unfortunately but not even close to this level. This is the same exact thing they said about the Mexicans when I was a kid. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 3 points 7 hours ago OC's little more pricer i live in the Central Valley 209 area stockton/modesto they are invading just as fast as 1990's mexicans.  My buddy does private bar services for google/facebook parties for past 8 years the photos he uploads on social media is comedy always 100 indian coders 15 chinese coders and couple white guy regional managers.  But they literally handed the white collar sector out to india and even blue collar trucking ridiclous amount of indian sheiks heres as well. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Well there's no doubt that our population has been booming especially since the borders were open, and they have to go somewhere. H1B's and the like they aren't specific to just India right? If not, than what about white coders from Norway or Denmark or anywhere else? Aren't they just as smart as the indian coders? Do the companies get the same breaks when hiring whites from those countries? If so why would so many be indian compared to everyone else? If anything it actually makes an argument that they may actually be smarter in fields like this lol.. Ever watched a National Spelling bee? All american indian kids spelling words most Americans cant even pronounce permalink parent award report block reply TheBasedFriscoMan 11 points 10 hours ago Who is whispering this line of shit in his ear?   Elon? permalink award report block reply tallon 9 points 10 hours ago Elon, Suckerberg, Bezos, all those assholes permalink parent award report block reply Testamernt 9 points 9 hours ago This is horse shit.  He keeps this shit up and he can get fucked.  He starts pandering to the middle now, with no re-election to worry about?  Wtf?  This is when a President usually doubles down and really gets the agenda he promised through.  The shit coming out of his mouth now is garbage.  What?  Did he make a deal with Elon or something?  Free space ride if he starts fanboying H1b's?  Is this a condition he agreed to for dems to reopen the government? permalink award report block reply MajorClark 8 points 11 hours ago Making using a restroom part of their job training. permalink award report block reply Pied-Trumper 15 points 11 hours ago and speaking English, wearing deodorant, doing their own work, thinking for themselves, getting a real degree, not receiving more benefits than they pay into the system, abiding by American values, etc. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 2 points 10 hours ago I remember during a minor road trip coming across a sign in Spanish about not making a mess in a bathroom. Pretty sure there was no English, or the letters were really small underneath Some of these people can't be trained to be better, whether that's because they lack intelligence or respect doesn't really matter permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 8 points 10 hours ago Nuke California and wash Trump's mouth out with soap. Examine all visas. Not just the 1. 5 mil H1B's and family permalink award report block reply Corse46 8 points 10 hours ago If anyone is wondering why we got shellacked in the elections last Tuesday, this is a big reason why. Was there cheating? Yes. Was there also voters that didn't show up because of shit like this and other similar reasons? Definitely. permalink award report block reply USPatriot45 8 points 10 hours ago They are facilitating the invasion of Indians right under our noses and Trump is in on it. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 5 points 9 hours ago It's all about Palantir turning the USA into a surveillance state so we remain "greatest allies" forever. India and Israel have a special relationship already, wouldn't be surprised if part of the deal was forcing us to hire Indians to build the "open air prison" as another poster here put it permalink parent award report block reply Aoikaze2000 7 points 8 hours ago We don't have the talent because they keep importing people to undercut our wages, and then undercut THOSE wages, so we can't get the jobs because we cannot work off of a wage that only works if you're rooming with five other people in a one bedroom apartment like the H1B Visa holders do. permalink award report block reply seattlerunner 6 points 9 hours ago This is NOT what I voted for… permalink award report block reply mmasquer 6 points 9 hours ago This a rock vs. hard place for politicians of both parties. Their most reliable mega-donors desperately want their cheap indentured labor, including farm and agriculture product processing, while the working populace base wants them gone so jobs will be available again. Less pronounced for the Dems as they become the party of uber rich and dependent surfs, but still there. permalink award report block reply Wexit-Delecto 5 points 11 hours ago Who else will build the components of the open air prison without asking any questions? permalink award report block reply The_Yakuza 5 points 8 hours ago If he’s talking about once in a lifetime geniuses/experts in their fields like Einstein, then sure. But if he’s talking about some cow worshiping retard that knows a little bit about tech, then fuck no. permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 3 points 7 hours ago Why would so many Einsteins end up not speaking English and working as cashiers at a gas station? Fucking hell these jeets don’t know how a sewer works and are supposed to explain literal rocket science to Americans? permalink parent award report block reply DiamondDroid 4 points 8 hours ago On this I must disagree with President Trump. He is being lied to, ill advised, or manipulated to do and beleive the wrong thing for America and Americans. permalink award report block reply RyanKeyOh 4 points 9 hours ago We have them, but diversity quotas won’t let us hire them permalink award report block reply Rock9Head 3 points 5 hours ago Improve the training. Last thing we want is to import the Turd World. permalink award report block reply Tookens 3 points 11 hours ago https://patriots.win/p/19BZWvwyPx/its-actually-true-and-i-have-pro/c permalink award report block reply Dangerous 2 points 9 hours ago Lmfao Is this real though? How do they successfully measure something like this? permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 1 points 7 hours ago Hahaa. This. permalink parent award report block reply Metriz77 3 points 11 hours ago flip flopping permalink award report block reply amilbarge21 3 points 10 hours ago America first, huh? permalink award report block reply fskfsk 3 points 10 hours ago It's the meth addicts who are pooping in the streets, not H1b immigrants. permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 2 points 7 hours ago LOL no the jeets are pooping all over Canada, it’s obvious that it’s Indians not knowing how a toilet works. permalink parent award report block reply Noimmigration 2 points 2 hours ago wtf dude. permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 2 points 4 hours ago California is central location of the democrat dream.  Flood of illegal aliens that vote for democrats.  Flood of H1B-visa high-tech workers who have become millionaires in the past 10 years.  Cost of living is forcing the middle class into poverty.  Huge replacement of the people so that the single party can stay in power.  This is the future of all states if Gavin takes the WH in 2028. permalink award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 7 hours ago Hate to be that guy but the public defecation isn't being done by the Indians in California. That's more the local African-Americans and Whites and they're usually mentally insane or high on drugs permalink award report block reply Truamerican 2 points 3 hours ago Complete bullshit! Wake up my fellow American patriots! permalink award report block reply warlord30 2 points 11 hours ago Kinda true. Not too many STEM pipe hitters like other countries got. permalink award report block reply negative_entropy 2 points 10 hours ago all the public defecation is due to lib's homeless politics in sf and skidrow in la hence the sf poop map: https://www.arcgis.com/apps/View/index.html?appid=b6fab720912642b6aedafdb02a76d2a4&extent=-122.4451,37.7694,-122.3865,37.7906 permalink award report block reply ItsUsvstheelite 2 points 8 hours ago Doesn't happen often but this is an L take imo. permalink award report block reply 40ozandajuul 2 points 7 hours ago The Indians that get here aren't the shit-in-street Indians. The people shitting in the street in California are generally homeless/drug addicts, or people from Latin America. permalink award report block reply UltraMagaWA 1 points 48 minutes ago They pay visa employees less and do not have to pay payroll tax on them. It's a scam to undercut pay and to replace USA citizens at the same time. permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 1 points 9 hours ago https://youtu.be/m_WopoW76U8 permalink award report block reply Psalm-118_24 1 points 2 hours ago Bring back this POTUS...
Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas
March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 25 minutes ago I wipe my own ass permalink award report block reply Mungo 1 points 10 hours ago Kek permalink award report block reply Yaemz123 1 points 49 minutes ago Misleading due to unconnected facts. It isn't the H1B foreigners dropping deuces on sidewalks. It's the homeless druggies. The public defecation numbers started going up when California outlawed single use plastic bags. Homeless people used to poop in bags then toss it in a garbage can. Once those bags disappeared, they just started pooping on the sidewalk. permalink award report block reply Obambi 0 points 2 hours ago Damn Trump losing 2028 fumbling the ball. Sad. permalink award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 7 hours ago Do you guys consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched the Scripps National Spelling Bee (the official American youth spelling bee) in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink award report block reply Ikewin32 -1 points 8 hours ago Is this where we just talk shit about Trump 24/7 now? This site's become a bit gay permalink award report block reply TOPDAWG23 -3 points 9 hours ago Maybe pay attention to the context. Right or wrong trump was not talking about your average fucking normal idiot. He was talking about rockets at the time what he meant was engineers and people with that type of intelligence. He also said it'll take time to train Americans up to that standard so we have more people in those fields and he's 100% right. You're all falling for a bunch of bullshit  from stupid rage beaters on X so they can get clicks and make money. I mean holy shit you prove the point about people being unintelligent. permalink award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 2 hours ago H-1Bs are hired to save on salary, not because Americans with those skills are genuinely nonexistent. permalink parent award report block reply Kavantar 2 points 2 hours ago And it's a death spiral from there. Why learn something difficult and get paid the same as a city bus driver? permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -11 points 10 hours ago MAGA! I love the GEOTUS President Trump! Fuck the mod that stickied this. Fuck the anti Trumpers Fuck the exxagerators. It's not hundreds of millions, its not millions, not hundreds of thousands. Thanks for your attention to this matter permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 7 points 10 hours ago As of early 2025, it is estimated that there are as many as 730,000 H-1B visa holders in the United States, along with an additional 550,000 dependents such as spouses and children, representing nearly 1.3 million U.S. residents in total." That's just H1B. fiscal year 2023, the Department of State issued 10.4 million nonimmigrant visas, which include tourists, business travelers, students, and temporary workers.
This doesn't count the previous/current visas or overstays at the time or since. You are an absolute tool, making more idiots with your uneducated reddit rants. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 10 hours ago 700k wow that many? OMG we're all doomed! Tens of millions of poor illegal uneducated sneaker over-ers from all over the world are still here leaching off of us at this very moment and you are worried about 700k college educated people working? I rest my case permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 9 hours ago I don't rest your case. Add it to the rest of the visas I mentioned. You're asleep if you believe they are all truly college educated. Look up India diploma mills. Regardless of the numbers, they are taking American jos. college grads can't find a job. it's bs. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 9 hours ago Don't care, fuck off my Trump supporter website permalink parent award report block reply birdgator 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
MasterChief08 77 points 10 hours ago We were not founded to be a nation of strangers and immigrants. We were a collection of Christian and deist colonies. 9/13 states had a state religion and all but NJ excluded atheists from government services. I say this as someone who isn't too religious. I loathe the 20th century indoctrination that America is just an economic zone. Once again WE WERE LIED TO about all these government programs. The incoming tax was only supposed to be on the equivalent of modern billionaires. Visa programs were supposed to bring in only the top 1% of 1%. We were LIED to. We want fucking revenge. We want solutions. We never consented to this shit. Now there's going to have to be immense pain as we send millions of unassimilated immigrants back. I don't care how many crying Muslim women you show me. It's your fault for bringing them here. There's going to be increasing unrest and violence until this demographic disaster is fixed. permalink award report block reply mohel 9 points 8 hours ago How dumb everybody feels for allowing the government fuck us so hard for so many years? Are Americans the dumbest motherfuckers on this planet? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 9 points 4 hours ago Not dumb. Angry.  Angry others were quick to dismiss conspiracy truths. Vaccines were loved here pre Covid, even though we had reservations…. And how about 9/11?.. an obv inside job. But some govt paid faggot will come crying in his pissrael serving boots to support our govt.  So he can keep his pension flush. But I blame the faggots who took the bag and didn’t say a word. The cunts too. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 2 points 2 hours ago Iraq 2003 permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -53 points 10 hours ago We want fucking revenge. Get the fuck off my Trump supporter website stormfaggot permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 43 points 10 hours ago You're being down voted. MAGA is done with civic nationalism. Moderation got us nowhere. I want to do anything necessary to restore the demographic composition I lived under when this country wasn't fucking completely hollowed out. Now I have to listen to a half dozen foreign languages at the grocery store while fat foreign women spend my stolen money on their EBT. I did not consent to be a minority in the country of my father and grandfather. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago It's more of the tiresome NPCism "stormfag" or "storm faggot". It's just as overused and cringe as reddits belief that "everyone I disagree with is Hitler" permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Have you considered bloodless means of getting this done??? Look into the immigration rules of places like Dubai, Qatar and Singapore. This can be done with political will and creating a similar system, where both you and the legal migrants win. Just saying. It also stops everyone from doom posting. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -32 points 10 hours ago I come here to discuss MAGA shit with other Trump supporters. You, can fuck the fuck right off, I don't give a fat flying fuck about your opinion but here are some people that do https://bsky.app/ permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 24 points 10 hours ago Trump supporters have moved beyond Trump. We want revenge. We have been targeted our entire lives by these captured institutions and we want to see mass deportations beyond just the illegal invaders. Here take another -1. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... coretraining 9 points 10 hours ago Nah, you come here to harass MAGA as part of your job/religion. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago The only faggot here is you. Why do you think this guy is a knee-oh-natsee based off this lukewarm take anyway? The only people I see getting this sensitive over remigration are jews and jeets permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 4 points 9 hours ago Jews aren't just one group. I'm part of the uncircumcised Jew tribe. We like our foreskins where they are. Oh,, are you from the circumsized Jew tribe? I heard there women get real angry and cut off their boys foreskins because they secretly hate them. My girl is from the Philippines and believed in circumcisions until she met me, now she's converted. Nothing more comfy or smoothe then a nice foreskin. This Jew wants to send them back, this Jew believes in final solutions for illegal immigrants. I'm not ashamed to admit it, I would be just as fed up with immigration as old Adolf. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago The numbers don't lie, they absolutely debased our currency and flooded our country with millions of criminal third world aliens in the 4 years that the White House was illegally usurped. In any other time, a Turbo Hitler would come to power in response to the absolute freakshow of faggotry displayed by the Bolshevik coup-plotters permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago Yeah I think the silent majority on this site can agree that (1) Trump did us a huge solid and saved us from Kamala (2) he's not perfect on every issue and is known to make poor hiring decisions (3) in spite of that, I can sleep well at night knowing we have an administration that IS COMPETENT and GIVES A FUCK about the US instead of deliberately trying to destroy the nation permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 10 points 10 hours ago “don't ever speak to me or my wife's son again.” permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 9 hours ago Haha good one. Total burn permalink parent award report block reply The_Nowhere_Man 5 points 8 hours ago Real question. Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? If not, then you should understand we can disagree with something Trump says/does while still supporting his greater mission. Some of your replies just sound like you want to stir the pot, but I suppose you could also just be cultishly following everything Trump says as perfect and without reproach. I'm just curious on which it is - assuming you're willing to give a civil answer. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago I support Trump's stance which is that you should take the shot if you want to. I didn't feel like taking it. No problem. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 8 hours ago Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? That depends on whether we're talking about what he actually said vs. what fake news said that he said. Only cultish shit I see here are the angry shills once again coming here to divide MAGAs because h1b was mentioned in the news again permalink parent award report block reply Sanitas 4 points 7 hours ago What do you mean „was mentioned in the news“? Trump himself „mentioned it“ on the fucking news. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... coretraining 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 9 points 8 hours ago How dumb everybody feels for allowing the government fuck us so hard for so many years? Are Americans the dumbest motherfuckers on this planet? permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 9 points 4 hours ago Not dumb. Angry.  Angry others were quick to dismiss conspiracy truths. Vaccines were loved here pre Covid, even though we had reservations…. And how about 9/11?.. an obv inside job. But some govt paid faggot will come crying in his pissrael serving boots to support our govt.  So he can keep his pension flush. But I blame the faggots who took the bag and didn’t say a word. The cunts too. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 2 points 2 hours ago Iraq 2003 permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 9 points 4 hours ago Not dumb. Angry.  Angry others were quick to dismiss conspiracy truths. Vaccines were loved here pre Covid, even though we had reservations…. And how about 9/11?.. an obv inside job. But some govt paid faggot will come crying in his pissrael serving boots to support our govt.  So he can keep his pension flush. But I blame the faggots who took the bag and didn’t say a word. The cunts too. permalink parent award report block reply mohel 2 points 2 hours ago Iraq 2003 permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 2 points 2 hours ago Iraq 2003 permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -53 points 10 hours ago We want fucking revenge. Get the fuck off my Trump supporter website stormfaggot permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 43 points 10 hours ago You're being down voted. MAGA is done with civic nationalism. Moderation got us nowhere. I want to do anything necessary to restore the demographic composition I lived under when this country wasn't fucking completely hollowed out. Now I have to listen to a half dozen foreign languages at the grocery store while fat foreign women spend my stolen money on their EBT. I did not consent to be a minority in the country of my father and grandfather. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago It's more of the tiresome NPCism "stormfag" or "storm faggot". It's just as overused and cringe as reddits belief that "everyone I disagree with is Hitler" permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Have you considered bloodless means of getting this done??? Look into the immigration rules of places like Dubai, Qatar and Singapore. This can be done with political will and creating a similar system, where both you and the legal migrants win. Just saying. It also stops everyone from doom posting. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -32 points 10 hours ago I come here to discuss MAGA shit with other Trump supporters. You, can fuck the fuck right off, I don't give a fat flying fuck about your opinion but here are some people that do https://bsky.app/ permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 24 points 10 hours ago Trump supporters have moved beyond Trump. We want revenge. We have been targeted our entire lives by these captured institutions and we want to see mass deportations beyond just the illegal invaders. Here take another -1. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... coretraining 9 points 10 hours ago Nah, you come here to harass MAGA as part of your job/religion. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago The only faggot here is you. Why do you think this guy is a knee-oh-natsee based off this lukewarm take anyway? The only people I see getting this sensitive over remigration are jews and jeets permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 4 points 9 hours ago Jews aren't just one group. I'm part of the uncircumcised Jew tribe. We like our foreskins where they are. Oh,, are you from the circumsized Jew tribe? I heard there women get real angry and cut off their boys foreskins because they secretly hate them. My girl is from the Philippines and believed in circumcisions until she met me, now she's converted. Nothing more comfy or smoothe then a nice foreskin. This Jew wants to send them back, this Jew believes in final solutions for illegal immigrants. I'm not ashamed to admit it, I would be just as fed up with immigration as old Adolf. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago The numbers don't lie, they absolutely debased our currency and flooded our country with millions of criminal third world aliens in the 4 years that the White House was illegally usurped. In any other time, a Turbo Hitler would come to power in response to the absolute freakshow of faggotry displayed by the Bolshevik coup-plotters permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago Yeah I think the silent majority on this site can agree that (1) Trump did us a huge solid and saved us from Kamala (2) he's not perfect on every issue and is known to make poor hiring decisions (3) in spite of that, I can sleep well at night knowing we have an administration that IS COMPETENT and GIVES A FUCK about the US instead of deliberately trying to destroy the nation permalink parent award report block reply JoeMcCarthyWasRight 10 points 10 hours ago “don't ever speak to me or my wife's son again.” permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 9 hours ago Haha good one. Total burn permalink parent award report block reply The_Nowhere_Man 5 points 8 hours ago Real question. Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? If not, then you should understand we can disagree with something Trump says/does while still supporting his greater mission. Some of your replies just sound like you want to stir the pot, but I suppose you could also just be cultishly following everything Trump says as perfect and without reproach. I'm just curious on which it is - assuming you're willing to give a civil answer. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago I support Trump's stance which is that you should take the shot if you want to. I didn't feel like taking it. No problem. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 8 hours ago Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? That depends on whether we're talking about what he actually said vs. what fake news said that he said. Only cultish shit I see here are the angry shills once again coming here to divide MAGAs because h1b was mentioned in the news again permalink parent award report block reply Sanitas 4 points 7 hours ago What do you mean „was mentioned in the news“? Trump himself „mentioned it“ on the fucking news. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... coretraining 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 43 points 10 hours ago You're being down voted. MAGA is done with civic nationalism. Moderation got us nowhere. I want to do anything necessary to restore the demographic composition I lived under when this country wasn't fucking completely hollowed out. Now I have to listen to a half dozen foreign languages at the grocery store while fat foreign women spend my stolen money on their EBT. I did not consent to be a minority in the country of my father and grandfather. permalink parent award report block reply rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago It's more of the tiresome NPCism "stormfag" or "storm faggot". It's just as overused and cringe as reddits belief that "everyone I disagree with is Hitler" permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Have you considered bloodless means of getting this done??? Look into the immigration rules of places like Dubai, Qatar and Singapore. This can be done with political will and creating a similar system, where both you and the legal migrants win. Just saying. It also stops everyone from doom posting. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -32 points 10 hours ago I come here to discuss MAGA shit with other Trump supporters. You, can fuck the fuck right off, I don't give a fat flying fuck about your opinion but here are some people that do https://bsky.app/ permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 24 points 10 hours ago Trump supporters have moved beyond Trump. We want revenge. We have been targeted our entire lives by these captured institutions and we want to see mass deportations beyond just the illegal invaders. Here take another -1. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... coretraining 9 points 10 hours ago Nah, you come here to harass MAGA as part of your job/religion. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
rebuildingMyself 2 points 2 hours ago It's more of the tiresome NPCism "stormfag" or "storm faggot". It's just as overused and cringe as reddits belief that "everyone I disagree with is Hitler" permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 0 points 7 hours ago Have you considered bloodless means of getting this done??? Look into the immigration rules of places like Dubai, Qatar and Singapore. This can be done with political will and creating a similar system, where both you and the legal migrants win. Just saying. It also stops everyone from doom posting. permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -32 points 10 hours ago I come here to discuss MAGA shit with other Trump supporters. You, can fuck the fuck right off, I don't give a fat flying fuck about your opinion but here are some people that do https://bsky.app/ permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 24 points 10 hours ago Trump supporters have moved beyond Trump. We want revenge. We have been targeted our entire lives by these captured institutions and we want to see mass deportations beyond just the illegal invaders. Here take another -1. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... coretraining 9 points 10 hours ago Nah, you come here to harass MAGA as part of your job/religion. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
MasterChief08 24 points 10 hours ago Trump supporters have moved beyond Trump. We want revenge. We have been targeted our entire lives by these captured institutions and we want to see mass deportations beyond just the illegal invaders. Here take another -1. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
coretraining 9 points 10 hours ago Nah, you come here to harass MAGA as part of your job/religion. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago The only faggot here is you. Why do you think this guy is a knee-oh-natsee based off this lukewarm take anyway? The only people I see getting this sensitive over remigration are jews and jeets permalink parent award report block reply KungPaoMcChicken 4 points 9 hours ago Jews aren't just one group. I'm part of the uncircumcised Jew tribe. We like our foreskins where they are. Oh,, are you from the circumsized Jew tribe? I heard there women get real angry and cut off their boys foreskins because they secretly hate them. My girl is from the Philippines and believed in circumcisions until she met me, now she's converted. Nothing more comfy or smoothe then a nice foreskin. This Jew wants to send them back, this Jew believes in final solutions for illegal immigrants. I'm not ashamed to admit it, I would be just as fed up with immigration as old Adolf. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago The numbers don't lie, they absolutely debased our currency and flooded our country with millions of criminal third world aliens in the 4 years that the White House was illegally usurped. In any other time, a Turbo Hitler would come to power in response to the absolute freakshow of faggotry displayed by the Bolshevik coup-plotters permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago Yeah I think the silent majority on this site can agree that (1) Trump did us a huge solid and saved us from Kamala (2) he's not perfect on every issue and is known to make poor hiring decisions (3) in spite of that, I can sleep well at night knowing we have an administration that IS COMPETENT and GIVES A FUCK about the US instead of deliberately trying to destroy the nation permalink parent award report block reply
KungPaoMcChicken 4 points 9 hours ago Jews aren't just one group. I'm part of the uncircumcised Jew tribe. We like our foreskins where they are. Oh,, are you from the circumsized Jew tribe? I heard there women get real angry and cut off their boys foreskins because they secretly hate them. My girl is from the Philippines and believed in circumcisions until she met me, now she's converted. Nothing more comfy or smoothe then a nice foreskin. This Jew wants to send them back, this Jew believes in final solutions for illegal immigrants. I'm not ashamed to admit it, I would be just as fed up with immigration as old Adolf. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago The numbers don't lie, they absolutely debased our currency and flooded our country with millions of criminal third world aliens in the 4 years that the White House was illegally usurped. In any other time, a Turbo Hitler would come to power in response to the absolute freakshow of faggotry displayed by the Bolshevik coup-plotters permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 4 points 8 hours ago The numbers don't lie, they absolutely debased our currency and flooded our country with millions of criminal third world aliens in the 4 years that the White House was illegally usurped. In any other time, a Turbo Hitler would come to power in response to the absolute freakshow of faggotry displayed by the Bolshevik coup-plotters permalink parent award report block reply
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago Yeah I think the silent majority on this site can agree that (1) Trump did us a huge solid and saved us from Kamala (2) he's not perfect on every issue and is known to make poor hiring decisions (3) in spite of that, I can sleep well at night knowing we have an administration that IS COMPETENT and GIVES A FUCK about the US instead of deliberately trying to destroy the nation permalink parent award report block reply
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 10 points 10 hours ago “don't ever speak to me or my wife's son again.” permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 9 hours ago Haha good one. Total burn permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 9 hours ago Haha good one. Total burn permalink parent award report block reply
The_Nowhere_Man 5 points 8 hours ago Real question. Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? If not, then you should understand we can disagree with something Trump says/does while still supporting his greater mission. Some of your replies just sound like you want to stir the pot, but I suppose you could also just be cultishly following everything Trump says as perfect and without reproach. I'm just curious on which it is - assuming you're willing to give a civil answer. permalink parent award report block reply UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago I support Trump's stance which is that you should take the shot if you want to. I didn't feel like taking it. No problem. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 8 hours ago Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? That depends on whether we're talking about what he actually said vs. what fake news said that he said. Only cultish shit I see here are the angry shills once again coming here to divide MAGAs because h1b was mentioned in the news again permalink parent award report block reply Sanitas 4 points 7 hours ago What do you mean „was mentioned in the news“? Trump himself „mentioned it“ on the fucking news. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
UCantStumpTheTrump 1 points 8 hours ago I support Trump's stance which is that you should take the shot if you want to. I didn't feel like taking it. No problem. permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 8 hours ago Did you support Trump talking about the Covid shot? That depends on whether we're talking about what he actually said vs. what fake news said that he said. Only cultish shit I see here are the angry shills once again coming here to divide MAGAs because h1b was mentioned in the news again permalink parent award report block reply Sanitas 4 points 7 hours ago What do you mean „was mentioned in the news“? Trump himself „mentioned it“ on the fucking news. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Sanitas 4 points 7 hours ago What do you mean „was mentioned in the news“? Trump himself „mentioned it“ on the fucking news. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
coretraining 1 points 10 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 39 points 11 hours ago raise tariffs on H1Bs by 9,001% permalink award report block reply Pied-Trumper 23 points 11 hours ago Sounds like it's gonna be hard convincing him. permalink parent award report block reply BillGall2 -1 points 10 hours ago Trump is right that the H1B visa program is designed to bring in specially talented individuals who can contribute to reestablishing industries that have been lost to foreign competition over the years.  What he doesn't seem to understand is that the system is being abused by some companies who are using the H1B visa program to replace American workers with cheap semiskilled workers from places like India. The basic premise of the program is that these companies must prove that they have tried to recruit US workers before employing the H1B visa program.  Of course the libs love this influx of mindless Democratic voters. permalink parent award report block reply yeptheguy 34 points 10 hours ago No. Trump is wrong on H1B. It is a program designed to replace AMERICAN workers and suppress wages for the globalist corporate overlords we are now living under. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 10 hours ago But when a bunch of big biz reps meet him and say "We will fund the senate and house members to stop your entire agenda if you don't agree to h1b shit."  well... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 8 hours ago Yes and it should be kept at a minimum level where it does not displace American workers. We only want the top 0.0001% best and brightest from other countries, which is not many people permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -3 points 9 hours ago Yup it's a conspiracy! He's putins puppet.. Putin wants globalism so he ordered Trump to replace Americans with hijabs Lmao fuckin idiots permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 10 points 10 hours ago That's all bullshit the only reason they hire the foreigner is because hell do the job for half the fucking salary.  If they were so smart they wouldn't have a caste slave bitch system. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 1 hour ago And they do the job americas won’t do like lying on financial documents and ignoring privacy laws. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 9 hours ago Everybody can understand the concept of paying less for something and wanting to save and make more money. Please explain to me what's in it for "American companies" who hire cheap unskilled workers? .. And are we still talking about tech jobs, or a job like what laverne & shirley had inspecting the beer bottles. When a company hires unskilled workers their product suffers, and other companies with skilled workers and quality products take over their spot.. It's not that complicated, even a caveman can understand that permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe -17 points 10 hours ago No more of this. We need to support Trump if he wants more H1-Bs. Trumps is working to Make America Great Again, and has determined H1-Bs as our best path to do that. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 9 hours ago You almost got me schlomo permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Do you consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched an official American spelling bee in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 23 points 11 hours ago Sounds like it's gonna be hard convincing him. permalink parent award report block reply BillGall2 -1 points 10 hours ago Trump is right that the H1B visa program is designed to bring in specially talented individuals who can contribute to reestablishing industries that have been lost to foreign competition over the years.  What he doesn't seem to understand is that the system is being abused by some companies who are using the H1B visa program to replace American workers with cheap semiskilled workers from places like India. The basic premise of the program is that these companies must prove that they have tried to recruit US workers before employing the H1B visa program.  Of course the libs love this influx of mindless Democratic voters. permalink parent award report block reply yeptheguy 34 points 10 hours ago No. Trump is wrong on H1B. It is a program designed to replace AMERICAN workers and suppress wages for the globalist corporate overlords we are now living under. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 10 hours ago But when a bunch of big biz reps meet him and say "We will fund the senate and house members to stop your entire agenda if you don't agree to h1b shit."  well... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 8 hours ago Yes and it should be kept at a minimum level where it does not displace American workers. We only want the top 0.0001% best and brightest from other countries, which is not many people permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -3 points 9 hours ago Yup it's a conspiracy! He's putins puppet.. Putin wants globalism so he ordered Trump to replace Americans with hijabs Lmao fuckin idiots permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 10 points 10 hours ago That's all bullshit the only reason they hire the foreigner is because hell do the job for half the fucking salary.  If they were so smart they wouldn't have a caste slave bitch system. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 1 hour ago And they do the job americas won’t do like lying on financial documents and ignoring privacy laws. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 9 hours ago Everybody can understand the concept of paying less for something and wanting to save and make more money. Please explain to me what's in it for "American companies" who hire cheap unskilled workers? .. And are we still talking about tech jobs, or a job like what laverne & shirley had inspecting the beer bottles. When a company hires unskilled workers their product suffers, and other companies with skilled workers and quality products take over their spot.. It's not that complicated, even a caveman can understand that permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe -17 points 10 hours ago No more of this. We need to support Trump if he wants more H1-Bs. Trumps is working to Make America Great Again, and has determined H1-Bs as our best path to do that. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 9 hours ago You almost got me schlomo permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Do you consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched an official American spelling bee in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink parent award report block reply
BillGall2 -1 points 10 hours ago Trump is right that the H1B visa program is designed to bring in specially talented individuals who can contribute to reestablishing industries that have been lost to foreign competition over the years.  What he doesn't seem to understand is that the system is being abused by some companies who are using the H1B visa program to replace American workers with cheap semiskilled workers from places like India. The basic premise of the program is that these companies must prove that they have tried to recruit US workers before employing the H1B visa program.  Of course the libs love this influx of mindless Democratic voters. permalink parent award report block reply yeptheguy 34 points 10 hours ago No. Trump is wrong on H1B. It is a program designed to replace AMERICAN workers and suppress wages for the globalist corporate overlords we are now living under. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 10 hours ago But when a bunch of big biz reps meet him and say "We will fund the senate and house members to stop your entire agenda if you don't agree to h1b shit."  well... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 8 hours ago Yes and it should be kept at a minimum level where it does not displace American workers. We only want the top 0.0001% best and brightest from other countries, which is not many people permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -3 points 9 hours ago Yup it's a conspiracy! He's putins puppet.. Putin wants globalism so he ordered Trump to replace Americans with hijabs Lmao fuckin idiots permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 10 points 10 hours ago That's all bullshit the only reason they hire the foreigner is because hell do the job for half the fucking salary.  If they were so smart they wouldn't have a caste slave bitch system. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 1 hour ago And they do the job americas won’t do like lying on financial documents and ignoring privacy laws. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 9 hours ago Everybody can understand the concept of paying less for something and wanting to save and make more money. Please explain to me what's in it for "American companies" who hire cheap unskilled workers? .. And are we still talking about tech jobs, or a job like what laverne & shirley had inspecting the beer bottles. When a company hires unskilled workers their product suffers, and other companies with skilled workers and quality products take over their spot.. It's not that complicated, even a caveman can understand that permalink parent award report block reply
yeptheguy 34 points 10 hours ago No. Trump is wrong on H1B. It is a program designed to replace AMERICAN workers and suppress wages for the globalist corporate overlords we are now living under. permalink parent award report block reply keeponwinning 6 points 10 hours ago But when a bunch of big biz reps meet him and say "We will fund the senate and house members to stop your entire agenda if you don't agree to h1b shit."  well... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 8 hours ago Yes and it should be kept at a minimum level where it does not displace American workers. We only want the top 0.0001% best and brightest from other countries, which is not many people permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -3 points 9 hours ago Yup it's a conspiracy! He's putins puppet.. Putin wants globalism so he ordered Trump to replace Americans with hijabs Lmao fuckin idiots permalink parent award report block reply
keeponwinning 6 points 10 hours ago But when a bunch of big biz reps meet him and say "We will fund the senate and house members to stop your entire agenda if you don't agree to h1b shit."  well... permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
UCantStumpTheTrump 2 points 8 hours ago Yes and it should be kept at a minimum level where it does not displace American workers. We only want the top 0.0001% best and brightest from other countries, which is not many people permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -3 points 9 hours ago Yup it's a conspiracy! He's putins puppet.. Putin wants globalism so he ordered Trump to replace Americans with hijabs Lmao fuckin idiots permalink parent award report block reply
EvilGreed209 10 points 10 hours ago That's all bullshit the only reason they hire the foreigner is because hell do the job for half the fucking salary.  If they were so smart they wouldn't have a caste slave bitch system. permalink parent award report block reply Elencher 1 points 1 hour ago And they do the job americas won’t do like lying on financial documents and ignoring privacy laws. permalink parent award report block reply
Elencher 1 points 1 hour ago And they do the job americas won’t do like lying on financial documents and ignoring privacy laws. permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -4 points 9 hours ago Everybody can understand the concept of paying less for something and wanting to save and make more money. Please explain to me what's in it for "American companies" who hire cheap unskilled workers? .. And are we still talking about tech jobs, or a job like what laverne & shirley had inspecting the beer bottles. When a company hires unskilled workers their product suffers, and other companies with skilled workers and quality products take over their spot.. It's not that complicated, even a caveman can understand that permalink parent award report block reply
ShlomoJoe -17 points 10 hours ago No more of this. We need to support Trump if he wants more H1-Bs. Trumps is working to Make America Great Again, and has determined H1-Bs as our best path to do that. permalink parent award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 11 points 9 hours ago You almost got me schlomo permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Do you consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched an official American spelling bee in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink parent award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 11 points 9 hours ago You almost got me schlomo permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Do you consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched an official American spelling bee in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 34 points 11 hours ago Indians belong in their cow dung festival parades, not working in America. America First! 🇺🇸 permalink award report block reply OnceADroplet 3 points 10 hours ago Cunningham's Law permalink parent award report block reply
OnceADroplet 3 points 10 hours ago Cunningham's Law permalink parent award report block reply
asdrubael_was_right 32 points 11 hours ago This is the most important issue of the moment. Not Israel. Not affordability. Not even Bondi. If the White House doesn’t get the message about what an existential threat to the American way of life endless H1-Bs immigration constitutes then we don’t have a country anymore. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago All of these problems you compare have the same source permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -26 points 10 hours ago Oh blow it out your ass you idiot. You sound just like the blue hairs that said democracy will end soon as Trump takes his 2nd term. We're talking about thousands of educated people coming here to work, not millions of sneaker over ers who didn't. You and all the panjeet or jarpeet or jagoff doomers can eat a bag of dicks permalink parent award report block reply btntx 10 points 8 hours ago My company imported a metric fuckton of these “educated people” for engineering jobs. Most are about as dumb as a bag of dicks. They need to go! permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 8 hours ago Why? Is it that the owners of the company don't have the supreme intelligence that you have and are getting fooled by these dumb foreigners? If not, tell me what does a company gain by hiring dumb unskilled workers besides being out performed by a company with smart capable workers? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 3 hours ago Tell me you'd board a plane flown by any of the 3 Indian "pilots" in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvJLylZXuWU permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp 3 points 4 hours ago Jfc.  Intel is pushing you faggots out there huh…imagine carrying water for fucking jeets. You’d be the first to mine bauxite, just for spite permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 4 hours ago I have no idea what you're talking about. I bet your bedroom has a ton of crazy pictures and printouts pinned to the walls with string connecting them like the charlie day meme permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 4 hours ago Is that your copy pasta, agent doofy?? I’m sorry, come again?.. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... coretraining 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 17 points 10 hours ago All of these problems you compare have the same source permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -26 points 10 hours ago Oh blow it out your ass you idiot. You sound just like the blue hairs that said democracy will end soon as Trump takes his 2nd term. We're talking about thousands of educated people coming here to work, not millions of sneaker over ers who didn't. You and all the panjeet or jarpeet or jagoff doomers can eat a bag of dicks permalink parent award report block reply btntx 10 points 8 hours ago My company imported a metric fuckton of these “educated people” for engineering jobs. Most are about as dumb as a bag of dicks. They need to go! permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 8 hours ago Why? Is it that the owners of the company don't have the supreme intelligence that you have and are getting fooled by these dumb foreigners? If not, tell me what does a company gain by hiring dumb unskilled workers besides being out performed by a company with smart capable workers? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 3 hours ago Tell me you'd board a plane flown by any of the 3 Indian "pilots" in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvJLylZXuWU permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... MySidesGoUp 3 points 4 hours ago Jfc.  Intel is pushing you faggots out there huh…imagine carrying water for fucking jeets. You’d be the first to mine bauxite, just for spite permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 4 hours ago I have no idea what you're talking about. I bet your bedroom has a ton of crazy pictures and printouts pinned to the walls with string connecting them like the charlie day meme permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 4 hours ago Is that your copy pasta, agent doofy?? I’m sorry, come again?.. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
btntx 10 points 8 hours ago My company imported a metric fuckton of these “educated people” for engineering jobs. Most are about as dumb as a bag of dicks. They need to go! permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 8 hours ago Why? Is it that the owners of the company don't have the supreme intelligence that you have and are getting fooled by these dumb foreigners? If not, tell me what does a company gain by hiring dumb unskilled workers besides being out performed by a company with smart capable workers? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 3 hours ago Tell me you'd board a plane flown by any of the 3 Indian "pilots" in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvJLylZXuWU permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LearnAboutRoaches -5 points 8 hours ago Why? Is it that the owners of the company don't have the supreme intelligence that you have and are getting fooled by these dumb foreigners? If not, tell me what does a company gain by hiring dumb unskilled workers besides being out performed by a company with smart capable workers? permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 3 hours ago Tell me you'd board a plane flown by any of the 3 Indian "pilots" in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvJLylZXuWU permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
SicilianOmega 2 points 3 hours ago Tell me you'd board a plane flown by any of the 3 Indian "pilots" in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvJLylZXuWU permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MySidesGoUp 3 points 4 hours ago Jfc.  Intel is pushing you faggots out there huh…imagine carrying water for fucking jeets. You’d be the first to mine bauxite, just for spite permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 4 hours ago I have no idea what you're talking about. I bet your bedroom has a ton of crazy pictures and printouts pinned to the walls with string connecting them like the charlie day meme permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 4 hours ago Is that your copy pasta, agent doofy?? I’m sorry, come again?.. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 4 hours ago I have no idea what you're talking about. I bet your bedroom has a ton of crazy pictures and printouts pinned to the walls with string connecting them like the charlie day meme permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 2 points 4 hours ago Is that your copy pasta, agent doofy?? I’m sorry, come again?.. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MySidesGoUp 2 points 4 hours ago Is that your copy pasta, agent doofy?? I’m sorry, come again?.. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
coretraining 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink parent award report block reply
Chigginnuckets 30 points 11 hours ago I appreciate the deportations, but Trump is a colossal disappointment. permalink award report block reply darkmodeforgotpass 20 points 10 hours ago Those were a disappointment as well. Were, as in, they are barely even happening anymore. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 12 points 9 hours ago Honestly I don't even think they happened. They won't tell us how many deportations even after paying 150 billion we should have a fucking covid style ticker on removals instead we paid 150 billion and maybe removed 500k of 15 million brought in under biden.. permalink parent award report block reply intamin 4 points 7 hours ago My friend got “deported”. He’s Canadian (I know, lol) and they literally just denied him at the border and then counted it as a deportation by saying he was trying to enter to work, which he wasn’t. They’re pumping the numbers everywhere they can. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 3 hours ago 15 million is a low estimate. The real number is at least 35 million. permalink parent award report block reply michealr24 1 points 6 hours ago Yep highly ashamed of his ass permalink parent award report block reply pollsarefake -3 points 6 hours ago Trump took a bullet for you, you treasonous maggot He doesn’t mean any of the H1B stuff It’s just bait to draw out the pro immigration traitors in our movement and smoke them They will reveal themselves by calling for Trumps trap Trump is a powerful alpha who is dozens of moves ahead of everyone permalink parent award report block reply michealr24 2 points 6 hours ago Trump is compromised. Sorry permalink parent award report block reply
darkmodeforgotpass 20 points 10 hours ago Those were a disappointment as well. Were, as in, they are barely even happening anymore. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 12 points 9 hours ago Honestly I don't even think they happened. They won't tell us how many deportations even after paying 150 billion we should have a fucking covid style ticker on removals instead we paid 150 billion and maybe removed 500k of 15 million brought in under biden.. permalink parent award report block reply intamin 4 points 7 hours ago My friend got “deported”. He’s Canadian (I know, lol) and they literally just denied him at the border and then counted it as a deportation by saying he was trying to enter to work, which he wasn’t. They’re pumping the numbers everywhere they can. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 3 hours ago 15 million is a low estimate. The real number is at least 35 million. permalink parent award report block reply
EvilGreed209 12 points 9 hours ago Honestly I don't even think they happened. They won't tell us how many deportations even after paying 150 billion we should have a fucking covid style ticker on removals instead we paid 150 billion and maybe removed 500k of 15 million brought in under biden.. permalink parent award report block reply intamin 4 points 7 hours ago My friend got “deported”. He’s Canadian (I know, lol) and they literally just denied him at the border and then counted it as a deportation by saying he was trying to enter to work, which he wasn’t. They’re pumping the numbers everywhere they can. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 3 hours ago 15 million is a low estimate. The real number is at least 35 million. permalink parent award report block reply
intamin 4 points 7 hours ago My friend got “deported”. He’s Canadian (I know, lol) and they literally just denied him at the border and then counted it as a deportation by saying he was trying to enter to work, which he wasn’t. They’re pumping the numbers everywhere they can. permalink parent award report block reply
SicilianOmega 1 points 3 hours ago 15 million is a low estimate. The real number is at least 35 million. permalink parent award report block reply
michealr24 1 points 6 hours ago Yep highly ashamed of his ass permalink parent award report block reply
pollsarefake -3 points 6 hours ago Trump took a bullet for you, you treasonous maggot He doesn’t mean any of the H1B stuff It’s just bait to draw out the pro immigration traitors in our movement and smoke them They will reveal themselves by calling for Trumps trap Trump is a powerful alpha who is dozens of moves ahead of everyone permalink parent award report block reply michealr24 2 points 6 hours ago Trump is compromised. Sorry permalink parent award report block reply
michealr24 2 points 6 hours ago Trump is compromised. Sorry permalink parent award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 26 points 10 hours ago There is a significant amount of our peers here supporting anti maga policies, like saying Americans don't have the talent and we need to import retarded foreigners who barely speak English to take good blue collar american jobs What do we do about the retards on our side? permalink award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -25 points 10 hours ago "like saying Americans don't have the talent and we need to import retarded foreigners who barely speak English to take good blue collar american jobs" Fake news. You're twisting his words. That's not what he said, you idiot. Go back rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 14 points 10 hours ago Im not twisting anything. I didn't quote him, you moron. But that is the context of the conversation he had, especially with the pushback from Ingram. Maybe you should rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -15 points 10 hours ago Another fucking idiot talking about "yes I know that wasn't what he said, but that was what he meant" You're a fucking idiot permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 10 points 10 hours ago Look how defensive you are because you know youre wrong lol Just like a liberal. Screaming and cursing. Not engaging the actual argument. Back to Reddit babe permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments...
LearnAboutRoaches -25 points 10 hours ago "like saying Americans don't have the talent and we need to import retarded foreigners who barely speak English to take good blue collar american jobs" Fake news. You're twisting his words. That's not what he said, you idiot. Go back rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 14 points 10 hours ago Im not twisting anything. I didn't quote him, you moron. But that is the context of the conversation he had, especially with the pushback from Ingram. Maybe you should rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -15 points 10 hours ago Another fucking idiot talking about "yes I know that wasn't what he said, but that was what he meant" You're a fucking idiot permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 10 points 10 hours ago Look how defensive you are because you know youre wrong lol Just like a liberal. Screaming and cursing. Not engaging the actual argument. Back to Reddit babe permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 14 points 10 hours ago Im not twisting anything. I didn't quote him, you moron. But that is the context of the conversation he had, especially with the pushback from Ingram. Maybe you should rewatch the video and try again permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -15 points 10 hours ago Another fucking idiot talking about "yes I know that wasn't what he said, but that was what he meant" You're a fucking idiot permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 10 points 10 hours ago Look how defensive you are because you know youre wrong lol Just like a liberal. Screaming and cursing. Not engaging the actual argument. Back to Reddit babe permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments...
LearnAboutRoaches -15 points 10 hours ago Another fucking idiot talking about "yes I know that wasn't what he said, but that was what he meant" You're a fucking idiot permalink parent award report block reply ReallyGayMods 10 points 10 hours ago Look how defensive you are because you know youre wrong lol Just like a liberal. Screaming and cursing. Not engaging the actual argument. Back to Reddit babe permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments...
ReallyGayMods 10 points 10 hours ago Look how defensive you are because you know youre wrong lol Just like a liberal. Screaming and cursing. Not engaging the actual argument. Back to Reddit babe permalink parent award report block reply view 14 more comments...
3-10 22 points 10 hours ago I am sick of this excuse.  Cyber Security has a real issue where they use H1B to pay $70k when Americans are getting $100k-$120k.  It isn't that the Indians are better, it is that they get them a lot cheaper. Literally, you can spend less than $500 and become functional in cyber security at an entry level position.  It just requires self-discipline.  It blows my mind he just doesn't get it.  There are plenty of people trying to get into cyber security and it is highly needed, the problem is that H1B are so cheap that they cut out the American worker.  Don't tell me that the US folk are lazy, most of them actually learned the material. CompTIA had a huge problem a couple years ago where they found out that 1/3 to 40% of Indians cheated on their certification tests. I personally have seen in the industry where we get H1B and they don't know a thing and lied about their skill set and had the management tell us, just train them up. It is why I never trust Indians anymore.  Culturally they are all liars it is a normal thing in their culture to lie, especially about their qualifications to get a job, because getting the job is the most critical thing to them.  Ask Kash "me outside" Hotel.  He is the perfect example. So you want to know how to get into cyber security? Just takes some self discipline and here is how you do it: TryHackMe https://tryhackme.com/ Start for free to see if you want to do it.  Sign up, use the student discount to save money or if they have a sale. Get the SAL1: https://tryhackme.com/certification/security-analyst-level-1 Start looking for work, someone will hire you, even if it is just Help Desk.  If you want to get a job with the federal government doing cyber security also get the CompTIA Security+, otherwise not really needed. Free CompTIA training: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLG49S3nxzAnl4QDVqK-hOnoqcSKEIDDuv&si=VsjCZsYteGVFHX1n After SAL1 go get CDSA https://academy.hackthebox.com/preview/certifications/htb-certified-defensive-security-analyst That will make you are marketable as any AA degree and honestly most CS degrees since in my experience they spend most of the CS degree teaching management and not skills. If you decide you absolutely want a CS degree, do it for super cheap.  Here is how to a Bachelor's in 1 year and for about $10k: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJzsrrw76fQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q41ruZbqXGc permalink award report block reply Patrick_Bateman 11 points 8 hours ago Anyone else reading this thread, this dude is on point. One thing I will add in regards to security is the vulnerability we're subjecting ourselves to. If I could ask President Trump one question about this subject, it would be something along the lines of... Mr. President, you lectured Europe about the vulnerability of relying upon foreign countries for energy. How is relying upon foreign tech workers any different? Sempra and Edison are both doing this and they are massive utility companies. We are basically outsourcing the technological infrastructure of our power grid. In what way is this a good idea? How much money are these multibillion dollar corporations saving in order to justify this risk? $10M? $50M? $100M? What monetary figure justifies the risk? Is it lowering the cost of energy? The per kWh price of electricity has doubled over the past decade in much of the country. Where is the consumer benefit to all of this cost savings for the utilities? permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesChef 6 points 9 hours ago Dude, this is fucking awesome! permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 4 hours ago I got transferred from actual 611 T-Mobile to some other random Indian who wanted me to install remote access software on my device.     Ive seen to much "do not redeem" to even consider it.    At this point American companies, even if legit, have lost our trust by replacing us with Indians.     I'm always going to assume scam.  And if they don't scam, they save your info for a friend who does.    Fuck it, it saves me a fortune in collection calls.     Begone scammer.   Whether it's legit or not, how am I supposed to know? permalink parent award report block reply
Patrick_Bateman 11 points 8 hours ago Anyone else reading this thread, this dude is on point. One thing I will add in regards to security is the vulnerability we're subjecting ourselves to. If I could ask President Trump one question about this subject, it would be something along the lines of... Mr. President, you lectured Europe about the vulnerability of relying upon foreign countries for energy. How is relying upon foreign tech workers any different? Sempra and Edison are both doing this and they are massive utility companies. We are basically outsourcing the technological infrastructure of our power grid. In what way is this a good idea? How much money are these multibillion dollar corporations saving in order to justify this risk? $10M? $50M? $100M? What monetary figure justifies the risk? Is it lowering the cost of energy? The per kWh price of electricity has doubled over the past decade in much of the country. Where is the consumer benefit to all of this cost savings for the utilities? permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesChef 6 points 9 hours ago Dude, this is fucking awesome! permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 1 points 4 hours ago I got transferred from actual 611 T-Mobile to some other random Indian who wanted me to install remote access software on my device.     Ive seen to much "do not redeem" to even consider it.    At this point American companies, even if legit, have lost our trust by replacing us with Indians.     I'm always going to assume scam.  And if they don't scam, they save your info for a friend who does.    Fuck it, it saves me a fortune in collection calls.     Begone scammer.   Whether it's legit or not, how am I supposed to know? permalink parent award report block reply
zippy2 18 points 11 hours ago Why are Indians ready to build missles? If there was ever a scenario Indians can do something that we can't then it's only long enough to train their replacement then they go back. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 1 points 4 hours ago Because they wanna move the theatre here.  Indian vs paki just sounds like a shit show…so bring Hindus and Muslims here and watch sparks fly. permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 1 points 4 hours ago Because they wanna move the theatre here.  Indian vs paki just sounds like a shit show…so bring Hindus and Muslims here and watch sparks fly. permalink parent award report block reply
Redpilled2Depression 18 points 10 hours ago No Trump, importing infinite Indians will NOT fucking Make America Great Again! WTAF is going on with you lately?? If I had known you’d start bait and switching me here like this, I’d genuinely would’ve had second thoughts about voting for you for a 3rd time!! permalink award report block reply ForgottenUsername 3 points 4 hours ago That bullet might have done a lot more damage than we initially believed.    It really seems like the one that hit Charlie fucked him up even worse.      Especially with the discrepancies in the narrative from his own FBI.   And no info around his shooter.   I suspect he's realizing he's not really in control.   I'd be up all night peaking through the blinds for secret service agents I don't trust. permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 3 points 4 hours ago That bullet might have done a lot more damage than we initially believed.    It really seems like the one that hit Charlie fucked him up even worse.      Especially with the discrepancies in the narrative from his own FBI.   And no info around his shooter.   I suspect he's realizing he's not really in control.   I'd be up all night peaking through the blinds for secret service agents I don't trust. permalink parent award report block reply
PedePete 15 points 11 hours ago "Big Tech" is a massive driver behind that which keeps the disgusting creature that is the california economy alive, and they are some of the biggest abusers of the H1B scam. Why is Trump talking about factory workers as if that is the topic at hand here? permalink award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 4 hours ago I wonder if the homeless are being unfairly blamed for San Francisco streets.   It might be all the pajeets.     The homeless I knew would at least shit in a plastic bag and put it in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 1 points 4 hours ago I wonder if the homeless are being unfairly blamed for San Francisco streets.   It might be all the pajeets.     The homeless I knew would at least shit in a plastic bag and put it in the trash. permalink parent award report block reply
Ep1ctetus 14 points 10 hours ago The key question — “how did we do it before, for hundreds of years?” permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 6 points 7 hours ago With gold-standard, no inflation and no foreigners, delivering a quality product for a reasonable price was possible. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 3 hours ago They've sucked too much off of our country through usury that it's fucked.    At this point we should just be honest and go to third world countries and get slaves to prop up our economy.    No more if this giving them citizenship shit.   We can't pay workers enough to make anything, because then nobody would be and to afford to buy anything, and certainly not rent a place with all the artificially inflated prices and all the palms that need to be greased on every transaction.      The whole Fed system and most social services are  just a ponzi scheme that requires constant growth, but they've extracted so much that the pyramid is about to collapse.     Filling the country with third world savages won't fix it. permalink parent award report block reply
SmallestShil 6 points 7 hours ago With gold-standard, no inflation and no foreigners, delivering a quality product for a reasonable price was possible. permalink parent award report block reply ForgottenUsername 1 points 3 hours ago They've sucked too much off of our country through usury that it's fucked.    At this point we should just be honest and go to third world countries and get slaves to prop up our economy.    No more if this giving them citizenship shit.   We can't pay workers enough to make anything, because then nobody would be and to afford to buy anything, and certainly not rent a place with all the artificially inflated prices and all the palms that need to be greased on every transaction.      The whole Fed system and most social services are  just a ponzi scheme that requires constant growth, but they've extracted so much that the pyramid is about to collapse.     Filling the country with third world savages won't fix it. permalink parent award report block reply
ForgottenUsername 1 points 3 hours ago They've sucked too much off of our country through usury that it's fucked.    At this point we should just be honest and go to third world countries and get slaves to prop up our economy.    No more if this giving them citizenship shit.   We can't pay workers enough to make anything, because then nobody would be and to afford to buy anything, and certainly not rent a place with all the artificially inflated prices and all the palms that need to be greased on every transaction.      The whole Fed system and most social services are  just a ponzi scheme that requires constant growth, but they've extracted so much that the pyramid is about to collapse.     Filling the country with third world savages won't fix it. permalink parent award report block reply
CrispyCracker2 13 points 9 hours ago He just ended our chances in the mid-terms. FUCK, I wish he had thought that statement through. Gen Z and Millenials are LOST. This statement just ended any remaining hope they still had at a decent future. Damn, that was dumb. permalink award report block reply EvilGreed209 10 points 9 hours ago I told my nephew really think and study up on becoming an expat overseas because their is nothing for you in America if you stay here you will be in a desolate wasteland when the dollar crashes people lose their minds in land of the gun you'll never put that genie in the bottle once the grocery stores get looted cause ebt shut off.... broke ass 3rd world get out if under 35. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 2 hours ago Get out where? It's just as bad, or worse, everywhere. Except maybe Japan, but they don't allow immigration, which means you probably can't move there. permalink parent award report block reply
EvilGreed209 10 points 9 hours ago I told my nephew really think and study up on becoming an expat overseas because their is nothing for you in America if you stay here you will be in a desolate wasteland when the dollar crashes people lose their minds in land of the gun you'll never put that genie in the bottle once the grocery stores get looted cause ebt shut off.... broke ass 3rd world get out if under 35. permalink parent award report block reply SicilianOmega 1 points 2 hours ago Get out where? It's just as bad, or worse, everywhere. Except maybe Japan, but they don't allow immigration, which means you probably can't move there. permalink parent award report block reply
SicilianOmega 1 points 2 hours ago Get out where? It's just as bad, or worse, everywhere. Except maybe Japan, but they don't allow immigration, which means you probably can't move there. permalink parent award report block reply
EvilGreed209 12 points 10 hours ago They are fucking everywhere in California. I see more Haji than young white couples in California...They move their whole fucking family when one gets an upper middle class job. Talking grandparents in the 5 bedroom even got the long lost 40 year old cousins in the garage living and cooking in their like they are back on the streets of Mumbai even in my 800k million dollar suburb  central valley cali. permalink award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 4 points 7 hours ago I see more Haji than young white couples in California Where do you live? I live in OC and there are more than ever unfortunately but not even close to this level. This is the same exact thing they said about the Mexicans when I was a kid. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 3 points 7 hours ago OC's little more pricer i live in the Central Valley 209 area stockton/modesto they are invading just as fast as 1990's mexicans.  My buddy does private bar services for google/facebook parties for past 8 years the photos he uploads on social media is comedy always 100 indian coders 15 chinese coders and couple white guy regional managers.  But they literally handed the white collar sector out to india and even blue collar trucking ridiclous amount of indian sheiks heres as well. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Well there's no doubt that our population has been booming especially since the borders were open, and they have to go somewhere. H1B's and the like they aren't specific to just India right? If not, than what about white coders from Norway or Denmark or anywhere else? Aren't they just as smart as the indian coders? Do the companies get the same breaks when hiring whites from those countries? If so why would so many be indian compared to everyone else? If anything it actually makes an argument that they may actually be smarter in fields like this lol.. Ever watched a National Spelling bee? All american indian kids spelling words most Americans cant even pronounce permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches 4 points 7 hours ago I see more Haji than young white couples in California Where do you live? I live in OC and there are more than ever unfortunately but not even close to this level. This is the same exact thing they said about the Mexicans when I was a kid. permalink parent award report block reply EvilGreed209 3 points 7 hours ago OC's little more pricer i live in the Central Valley 209 area stockton/modesto they are invading just as fast as 1990's mexicans.  My buddy does private bar services for google/facebook parties for past 8 years the photos he uploads on social media is comedy always 100 indian coders 15 chinese coders and couple white guy regional managers.  But they literally handed the white collar sector out to india and even blue collar trucking ridiclous amount of indian sheiks heres as well. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Well there's no doubt that our population has been booming especially since the borders were open, and they have to go somewhere. H1B's and the like they aren't specific to just India right? If not, than what about white coders from Norway or Denmark or anywhere else? Aren't they just as smart as the indian coders? Do the companies get the same breaks when hiring whites from those countries? If so why would so many be indian compared to everyone else? If anything it actually makes an argument that they may actually be smarter in fields like this lol.. Ever watched a National Spelling bee? All american indian kids spelling words most Americans cant even pronounce permalink parent award report block reply
EvilGreed209 3 points 7 hours ago OC's little more pricer i live in the Central Valley 209 area stockton/modesto they are invading just as fast as 1990's mexicans.  My buddy does private bar services for google/facebook parties for past 8 years the photos he uploads on social media is comedy always 100 indian coders 15 chinese coders and couple white guy regional managers.  But they literally handed the white collar sector out to india and even blue collar trucking ridiclous amount of indian sheiks heres as well. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Well there's no doubt that our population has been booming especially since the borders were open, and they have to go somewhere. H1B's and the like they aren't specific to just India right? If not, than what about white coders from Norway or Denmark or anywhere else? Aren't they just as smart as the indian coders? Do the companies get the same breaks when hiring whites from those countries? If so why would so many be indian compared to everyone else? If anything it actually makes an argument that they may actually be smarter in fields like this lol.. Ever watched a National Spelling bee? All american indian kids spelling words most Americans cant even pronounce permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -1 points 7 hours ago Well there's no doubt that our population has been booming especially since the borders were open, and they have to go somewhere. H1B's and the like they aren't specific to just India right? If not, than what about white coders from Norway or Denmark or anywhere else? Aren't they just as smart as the indian coders? Do the companies get the same breaks when hiring whites from those countries? If so why would so many be indian compared to everyone else? If anything it actually makes an argument that they may actually be smarter in fields like this lol.. Ever watched a National Spelling bee? All american indian kids spelling words most Americans cant even pronounce permalink parent award report block reply
TheBasedFriscoMan 11 points 10 hours ago Who is whispering this line of shit in his ear?   Elon? permalink award report block reply tallon 9 points 10 hours ago Elon, Suckerberg, Bezos, all those assholes permalink parent award report block reply
tallon 9 points 10 hours ago Elon, Suckerberg, Bezos, all those assholes permalink parent award report block reply
Testamernt 9 points 9 hours ago This is horse shit.  He keeps this shit up and he can get fucked.  He starts pandering to the middle now, with no re-election to worry about?  Wtf?  This is when a President usually doubles down and really gets the agenda he promised through.  The shit coming out of his mouth now is garbage.  What?  Did he make a deal with Elon or something?  Free space ride if he starts fanboying H1b's?  Is this a condition he agreed to for dems to reopen the government? permalink award report block reply
MajorClark 8 points 11 hours ago Making using a restroom part of their job training. permalink award report block reply Pied-Trumper 15 points 11 hours ago and speaking English, wearing deodorant, doing their own work, thinking for themselves, getting a real degree, not receiving more benefits than they pay into the system, abiding by American values, etc. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 2 points 10 hours ago I remember during a minor road trip coming across a sign in Spanish about not making a mess in a bathroom. Pretty sure there was no English, or the letters were really small underneath Some of these people can't be trained to be better, whether that's because they lack intelligence or respect doesn't really matter permalink parent award report block reply
Pied-Trumper 15 points 11 hours ago and speaking English, wearing deodorant, doing their own work, thinking for themselves, getting a real degree, not receiving more benefits than they pay into the system, abiding by American values, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 2 points 10 hours ago I remember during a minor road trip coming across a sign in Spanish about not making a mess in a bathroom. Pretty sure there was no English, or the letters were really small underneath Some of these people can't be trained to be better, whether that's because they lack intelligence or respect doesn't really matter permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 8 points 10 hours ago Nuke California and wash Trump's mouth out with soap. Examine all visas. Not just the 1. 5 mil H1B's and family permalink award report block reply
Corse46 8 points 10 hours ago If anyone is wondering why we got shellacked in the elections last Tuesday, this is a big reason why. Was there cheating? Yes. Was there also voters that didn't show up because of shit like this and other similar reasons? Definitely. permalink award report block reply
USPatriot45 8 points 10 hours ago They are facilitating the invasion of Indians right under our noses and Trump is in on it. permalink award report block reply Dangerous 5 points 9 hours ago It's all about Palantir turning the USA into a surveillance state so we remain "greatest allies" forever. India and Israel have a special relationship already, wouldn't be surprised if part of the deal was forcing us to hire Indians to build the "open air prison" as another poster here put it permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 5 points 9 hours ago It's all about Palantir turning the USA into a surveillance state so we remain "greatest allies" forever. India and Israel have a special relationship already, wouldn't be surprised if part of the deal was forcing us to hire Indians to build the "open air prison" as another poster here put it permalink parent award report block reply
Aoikaze2000 7 points 8 hours ago We don't have the talent because they keep importing people to undercut our wages, and then undercut THOSE wages, so we can't get the jobs because we cannot work off of a wage that only works if you're rooming with five other people in a one bedroom apartment like the H1B Visa holders do. permalink award report block reply
seattlerunner 6 points 9 hours ago This is NOT what I voted for… permalink award report block reply
mmasquer 6 points 9 hours ago This a rock vs. hard place for politicians of both parties. Their most reliable mega-donors desperately want their cheap indentured labor, including farm and agriculture product processing, while the working populace base wants them gone so jobs will be available again. Less pronounced for the Dems as they become the party of uber rich and dependent surfs, but still there. permalink award report block reply
Wexit-Delecto 5 points 11 hours ago Who else will build the components of the open air prison without asking any questions? permalink award report block reply
The_Yakuza 5 points 8 hours ago If he’s talking about once in a lifetime geniuses/experts in their fields like Einstein, then sure. But if he’s talking about some cow worshiping retard that knows a little bit about tech, then fuck no. permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 3 points 7 hours ago Why would so many Einsteins end up not speaking English and working as cashiers at a gas station? Fucking hell these jeets don’t know how a sewer works and are supposed to explain literal rocket science to Americans? permalink parent award report block reply
SmallestShil 3 points 7 hours ago Why would so many Einsteins end up not speaking English and working as cashiers at a gas station? Fucking hell these jeets don’t know how a sewer works and are supposed to explain literal rocket science to Americans? permalink parent award report block reply
DiamondDroid 4 points 8 hours ago On this I must disagree with President Trump. He is being lied to, ill advised, or manipulated to do and beleive the wrong thing for America and Americans. permalink award report block reply
RyanKeyOh 4 points 9 hours ago We have them, but diversity quotas won’t let us hire them permalink award report block reply
Rock9Head 3 points 5 hours ago Improve the training. Last thing we want is to import the Turd World. permalink award report block reply
Tookens 3 points 11 hours ago https://patriots.win/p/19BZWvwyPx/its-actually-true-and-i-have-pro/c permalink award report block reply Dangerous 2 points 9 hours ago Lmfao Is this real though? How do they successfully measure something like this? permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 1 points 7 hours ago Hahaa. This. permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 2 points 9 hours ago Lmfao Is this real though? How do they successfully measure something like this? permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches 1 points 7 hours ago Hahaa. This. permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches 1 points 7 hours ago Hahaa. This. permalink parent award report block reply
Metriz77 3 points 11 hours ago flip flopping permalink award report block reply
amilbarge21 3 points 10 hours ago America first, huh? permalink award report block reply
fskfsk 3 points 10 hours ago It's the meth addicts who are pooping in the streets, not H1b immigrants. permalink award report block reply SmallestShil 2 points 7 hours ago LOL no the jeets are pooping all over Canada, it’s obvious that it’s Indians not knowing how a toilet works. permalink parent award report block reply
SmallestShil 2 points 7 hours ago LOL no the jeets are pooping all over Canada, it’s obvious that it’s Indians not knowing how a toilet works. permalink parent award report block reply
Noimmigration 2 points 2 hours ago wtf dude. permalink award report block reply
NotYourMan 2 points 4 hours ago California is central location of the democrat dream.  Flood of illegal aliens that vote for democrats.  Flood of H1B-visa high-tech workers who have become millionaires in the past 10 years.  Cost of living is forcing the middle class into poverty.  Huge replacement of the people so that the single party can stay in power.  This is the future of all states if Gavin takes the WH in 2028. permalink award report block reply
MediaBro 2 points 7 hours ago Hate to be that guy but the public defecation isn't being done by the Indians in California. That's more the local African-Americans and Whites and they're usually mentally insane or high on drugs permalink award report block reply
Truamerican 2 points 3 hours ago Complete bullshit! Wake up my fellow American patriots! permalink award report block reply
warlord30 2 points 11 hours ago Kinda true. Not too many STEM pipe hitters like other countries got. permalink award report block reply
negative_entropy 2 points 10 hours ago all the public defecation is due to lib's homeless politics in sf and skidrow in la hence the sf poop map: https://www.arcgis.com/apps/View/index.html?appid=b6fab720912642b6aedafdb02a76d2a4&extent=-122.4451,37.7694,-122.3865,37.7906 permalink award report block reply
ItsUsvstheelite 2 points 8 hours ago Doesn't happen often but this is an L take imo. permalink award report block reply
40ozandajuul 2 points 7 hours ago The Indians that get here aren't the shit-in-street Indians. The people shitting in the street in California are generally homeless/drug addicts, or people from Latin America. permalink award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 1 points 48 minutes ago They pay visa employees less and do not have to pay payroll tax on them. It's a scam to undercut pay and to replace USA citizens at the same time. permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 1 points 9 hours ago https://youtu.be/m_WopoW76U8 permalink award report block reply
Psalm-118_24 1 points 2 hours ago Bring back this POTUS...
Statement by Donald J. Trump on Position on Visas
March 03, 2016
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." permalink award report block reply
penguinjay1212 1 points 25 minutes ago I wipe my own ass permalink award report block reply
Mungo 1 points 10 hours ago Kek permalink award report block reply
Yaemz123 1 points 49 minutes ago Misleading due to unconnected facts. It isn't the H1B foreigners dropping deuces on sidewalks. It's the homeless druggies. The public defecation numbers started going up when California outlawed single use plastic bags. Homeless people used to poop in bags then toss it in a garbage can. Once those bags disappeared, they just started pooping on the sidewalk. permalink award report block reply
Obambi 0 points 2 hours ago Damn Trump losing 2028 fumbling the ball. Sad. permalink award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches 0 points 7 hours ago Do you guys consider good spelling a sign of intelligence? I do. Now, have you watched the Scripps National Spelling Bee (the official American youth spelling bee) in the last 20 years? Just saying permalink award report block reply
Ikewin32 -1 points 8 hours ago Is this where we just talk shit about Trump 24/7 now? This site's become a bit gay permalink award report block reply
TOPDAWG23 -3 points 9 hours ago Maybe pay attention to the context. Right or wrong trump was not talking about your average fucking normal idiot. He was talking about rockets at the time what he meant was engineers and people with that type of intelligence. He also said it'll take time to train Americans up to that standard so we have more people in those fields and he's 100% right. You're all falling for a bunch of bullshit  from stupid rage beaters on X so they can get clicks and make money. I mean holy shit you prove the point about people being unintelligent. permalink award report block reply SicilianOmega 2 points 2 hours ago H-1Bs are hired to save on salary, not because Americans with those skills are genuinely nonexistent. permalink parent award report block reply Kavantar 2 points 2 hours ago And it's a death spiral from there. Why learn something difficult and get paid the same as a city bus driver? permalink parent award report block reply
SicilianOmega 2 points 2 hours ago H-1Bs are hired to save on salary, not because Americans with those skills are genuinely nonexistent. permalink parent award report block reply Kavantar 2 points 2 hours ago And it's a death spiral from there. Why learn something difficult and get paid the same as a city bus driver? permalink parent award report block reply
Kavantar 2 points 2 hours ago And it's a death spiral from there. Why learn something difficult and get paid the same as a city bus driver? permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -11 points 10 hours ago MAGA! I love the GEOTUS President Trump! Fuck the mod that stickied this. Fuck the anti Trumpers Fuck the exxagerators. It's not hundreds of millions, its not millions, not hundreds of thousands. Thanks for your attention to this matter permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 7 points 10 hours ago As of early 2025, it is estimated that there are as many as 730,000 H-1B visa holders in the United States, along with an additional 550,000 dependents such as spouses and children, representing nearly 1.3 million U.S. residents in total." That's just H1B. fiscal year 2023, the Department of State issued 10.4 million nonimmigrant visas, which include tourists, business travelers, students, and temporary workers.
This doesn't count the previous/current visas or overstays at the time or since. You are an absolute tool, making more idiots with your uneducated reddit rants. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 10 hours ago 700k wow that many? OMG we're all doomed! Tens of millions of poor illegal uneducated sneaker over-ers from all over the world are still here leaching off of us at this very moment and you are worried about 700k college educated people working? I rest my case permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 9 hours ago I don't rest your case. Add it to the rest of the visas I mentioned. You're asleep if you believe they are all truly college educated. Look up India diploma mills. Regardless of the numbers, they are taking American jos. college grads can't find a job. it's bs. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 9 hours ago Don't care, fuck off my Trump supporter website permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 7 points 10 hours ago As of early 2025, it is estimated that there are as many as 730,000 H-1B visa holders in the United States, along with an additional 550,000 dependents such as spouses and children, representing nearly 1.3 million U.S. residents in total." That's just H1B. fiscal year 2023, the Department of State issued 10.4 million nonimmigrant visas, which include tourists, business travelers, students, and temporary workers.
This doesn't count the previous/current visas or overstays at the time or since. You are an absolute tool, making more idiots with your uneducated reddit rants. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 10 hours ago 700k wow that many? OMG we're all doomed! Tens of millions of poor illegal uneducated sneaker over-ers from all over the world are still here leaching off of us at this very moment and you are worried about 700k college educated people working? I rest my case permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 9 hours ago I don't rest your case. Add it to the rest of the visas I mentioned. You're asleep if you believe they are all truly college educated. Look up India diploma mills. Regardless of the numbers, they are taking American jos. college grads can't find a job. it's bs. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 9 hours ago Don't care, fuck off my Trump supporter website permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 10 hours ago 700k wow that many? OMG we're all doomed! Tens of millions of poor illegal uneducated sneaker over-ers from all over the world are still here leaching off of us at this very moment and you are worried about 700k college educated people working? I rest my case permalink parent award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 9 hours ago I don't rest your case. Add it to the rest of the visas I mentioned. You're asleep if you believe they are all truly college educated. Look up India diploma mills. Regardless of the numbers, they are taking American jos. college grads can't find a job. it's bs. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 9 hours ago Don't care, fuck off my Trump supporter website permalink parent award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 9 hours ago I don't rest your case. Add it to the rest of the visas I mentioned. You're asleep if you believe they are all truly college educated. Look up India diploma mills. Regardless of the numbers, they are taking American jos. college grads can't find a job. it's bs. Wake up. permalink parent award report block reply LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 9 hours ago Don't care, fuck off my Trump supporter website permalink parent award report block reply
LearnAboutRoaches -6 points 9 hours ago Don't care, fuck off my Trump supporter website permalink parent award report block reply
birdgator 1 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community filter, pending further review. permalink award report block reply