1151 George Soros is behind the Memphis DA who stopped prosecuting crime making Memphis ‘The nations most violent and dangerous city in 2023’

“George Soros spent $600,000 to back a DA candidate from Yale Law School who's come in and basically stopped prosecuting crime” posted 3 days ago by Looniz74 PRO 64 comments award share report block Wall Street Apes @WallStreetApes • 3d 🚨 George Soros is behind the Memphis DA who stopped prosecuting crime making Memphis ‘The nations most violent and dangerous city in 2023’ “George Soros spent $600,000 to back a DA candidate from Yale Law School who's come in and basically stopped prosecuting crime” And he’s
64 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save sleepinggiant 45 points 3 days ago How is this guy connected to so much shit and not in jail amd his ngo liquidated? permalink award report block reply MrCuriousGuy513 16 points 3 days ago It’s not “how”, it’s more people that are starting to make the connections on how he works and so on.
Some people are questioning his British ties too, if it’s true he was an asset to them too.
I still say, for man that broke that broke the Bank of England, it’s more suspicious that certain bankers gave him the money to do so, willingly.
Even the thought of a “Non-government organization” to still being operation overall should be the big tell on the government itself. Maybe people need to start asking our government that question? Edit: Excuse me, I think we need to start asking why it’s being allowed, especially if it’s foreign connections. If there are foreign intelligence agencies, I’m sure this declaration of war. permalink parent award report block reply Melchizedek18 15 points 3 days ago Because he's a Rothschild henchman. Who do you think gave Soros the money to break the Bank of England (again)? permalink parent award report block reply 762xPat 5 points 3 days ago Well..... he has a small hat for one. permalink parent award report block reply Burneraccountno4 5 points 3 days ago He is just a front man being funded ultimately by the US government. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 3 days ago He made a fortune wrecking the British pound. He's got his own money. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago And by that token us. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 4 points 3 days ago Weak men (our side) make hard times.... permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments... Bldg_2019 16 points 3 days ago Stop covering for ALEXANDER SOROS by referring to his nearly 100 year old shitbag father. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 10 points 3 days ago Have you ever heard Alexander Soros talk? He presents as just a figurehead, at best. The coverage should address "Soro's Open Society" and whoever really runs it. permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 8 points 3 days ago Don’t disagree, and there are many other similar organizations. Once George dies, there might be a chance to break down that whole operation, but people get fixated on George because he’s been around forever. The Soros family is a perfect example of the type of eurotrash shitheads that never should have been imported before and after WWII. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 0 points 3 days ago The Nazi guy, right? permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 9 points 3 days ago Nazi Jew collaborator, actually. Yes, that one. permalink parent award report block reply Somebody157 15 points 3 days ago Why don't we gather the armed forces of the USA and go kill these fuckers? Anyone have an answer? permalink award report block reply Made_in_America 7 points 3 days ago That’s antiseptic. permalink parent award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 1 points 3 days ago Because we don't control the armed forces, they do. The armed forces exist to protect them from us. Are you new here? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 0 points 3 days ago They are not going to be able to bribe Trump. Trump has control of the forces. permalink parent award report block reply Kickass2001 1 points 3 days ago Oh ffs. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 3 days ago Oh you sweet summer child. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 1 points 3 days ago he was an easier target and Kirk kept his soul in tact. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply xanax123 11 points 3 days ago The worst part is that Soros doesn’t even use his own money— his 501c3’s use $$ from the American taxpayers he received from USAID etc… permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 10 points 3 days ago Wow, not even a million dollars? With just $600,000 fed into a political campaign, the voters in Memphis were convinced into welcoming lawlessness. permalink award report block reply Hectic3 7 points 3 days ago This was my thought too. It only costs that much to ruin a city? The RNC couldn’t come up with $750,000 and a halfway decent candidate that would promise to prosecute violent criminals? permalink parent award report block reply DeplorableGarbage 5 points 3 days ago It's a Democrat city. They would have been flushing their money down the drain. They have to support non-insane Dem candidates and there are very few of those. permalink parent award report block reply Hectic3 1 points 3 days ago Get the $750,000 and have an America First candidate just pretend to be a Dem. It blows my mind how the GoP has no concept of simple deception. It’s not like the Dems ever discuss policy. Just run a generic campaign and outspend the Dem. Look at Gascon, I’m pretty sure he didn’t run on the promise of destroying cities. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago Nobody cares or knows about these positions so it's very easy to influence. The 600k for the campaign is doubtless peanuts compared to likely millions for the think-tanks that pored over the details of the US system to work out where they could most easily subvert the system. Meanwhile the government is impotent to serve the people it lives off of. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 3 days ago That's why getting active grass roots is so impactful.  These races.dont need millions.  A few grand, a few volunteers,  a good candidate who works their butt off getting their name out can beat anyone. permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 9 points 3 days ago George Soros isn't the mastermind, he's the figurehead, but either way he should be tried and executed for treason. permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Him and his little dog Toto, too! permalink parent award report block reply blackswans 7 points 3 days ago This is Bill Hagerty, and he's going places. The DA in question is Steve Mulroy, and he's a NYC carpetbagger. As a proud Tennessean, the question is whether or not Memphis deserves saving. If you went back to Memphis's boundaries before desegregation and busing the city would only have abt 200,000 people. They spent decades chasing Whitey through annexation.  Memphis has only one problem, and we all know what it is. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 4 points 3 days ago That is a dog whistle for WhyTF is the toothpaste locked up at Target. permalink parent award report block reply MAGAguitar 6 points 3 days ago That’s why Trump deployed to Memphis among the first. That and the fact that it’s an major trafficking hub. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 6 points 3 days ago You would think the Republican Party would make some HAY with all this... Memphis is not the only place a SOROS Prosecutor let Crime explode. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 10 points 3 days ago A list of prosecutors known or reported to have received funding or significant support from George Soros or affiliated organizations includes: Pamela Price, Alameda County, California Diana Becton, Contra Costa County, California George Gascón, Los Angeles County, California Monique Worrell, Ninth Judicial Circuit (Orange and Osceola Counties), Florida Shalena Cook Jones, Chatham County, Georgia Darius Pattillo, Henry County, Georgia Kim Foxx, Cook County (Chicago), Illinois Kimberley Graham, Polk County, Iowa James Stewart, Caddo Parish, Louisiana Jason Williams, Orleans Parish, Louisiana Jackie Sartoris, Cumberland County, Maine Scott Colom, Circuit Court District Sixteen, Mississippi Jody Owens, Hinds County, Mississippi Kim Gardner, St. Louis, Missouri Raul Torrez, Attorney General, New Mexico Alvin Bragg, Manhattan, New York David Clegg, Ulster County, New York Larry Krasner, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Jack Stollsteimer, Delaware County, Pennsylvania Joe Gonzalez, Bexar County (San Antonio), Texas John Creuzot, Dallas County, Texas Brian Middleton, Fort Bend County, Texas Kim Ogg, Harris County (Houston), Texas José Garza, Travis County (Austin), Texas Parisa Dehghani-Tafti, Arlington County and City of Falls Church, Virginia Steve Descano, Fairfax County, Virginia Buta Biberaj, Loudoun County, Virginia Ramin Fatehi, Norfolk County, Virginia Stephanie Morales, Portsmouth County, Virginia John Chisholm, Milwaukee County, Wisconsin Chesa Boudin, former District Attorney of San Francisco, California Rachael Rollins, former District Attorney of Suffolk County (Boston), Massachusetts Marilyn Mosby, former State’s Attorney of Baltimore, Maryland Andrew Warren, former State Attorney for the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit (Tampa), Florida permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Excellent! Thank you. We should be publicizing content like this as much as possible. permalink parent award report block reply Rope_Tree_Journalist 4 points 3 days ago "What's the bad part of Memphis called?" "Memphis!" permalink award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago When blue staters talk about moving to Tennessee to a Tennessean, they'll get told "I hear Memphis is nice". permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Beale St with a buzz is ... permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, I do confess I had a good time when I went there. They also have the Bass Pro pyramid, of course and the model Mississippi and the zoo are pretty cool. permalink parent award report block reply ATX_for_Trump 3 points 3 days ago See:  Dallas, Austin, Houston permalink award report block reply Executarian2 3 points 3 days ago Get Jews out of politics. Exile all of them. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 days ago Soros money behind Mamdani too. permalink award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 3 days ago Memphis is so black it’s ridiculous.  Who cares what he does there.  It’s a goner city from demographics alone.    By keeping the criminals on the street we can call it population control.  Only way to recover it is let them destroy it all and buy up everything cheap and turn it into gated communities with credit checks and criminal record checks permalink award report block reply rivetjoint2 2 points 3 days ago The States need to pass law for the removal of these rogue DA.  But then again, we just elected an absolute soros shitbag as the Virginia AG. permalink award report block reply booblitchutz 2 points 3 days ago You don’t need a degree from Yale law or any other law school to NOT prosecute crime. You can do that as a high school drop out! permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Kackles enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply Mega_MAGA 2 points 3 days ago This is a RICO case permalink award report block reply newuser8 2 points 3 days ago Its never been a more perfect time to be a criminal in a blue city permalink award report block reply Looniz74 OP PRO 2 points 3 days ago https://x.com/WallStreetApes/status/1987490358465638894?s=20 permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 2 points 3 days ago Their process only works if they get the tribes to turn on eachother. Create Jogger Culture, Give Joggers Carte Blance, Achieve Jogger Fatigue, Achieve Race/Civil War. They know exactly what they are doing. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 3 days ago Know how to end crime? It’s pretty damn simple. Punish the criminals! permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago I could've had a V-8? permalink parent award report block reply SpeekFreely 2 points 3 days ago Wait just a minute, that’s how they get around the Soros DA, by charging people Federal crimes ? Are those people guilty of Federal Crimes ? And why is there no discussion on getting rid of the Soros DA ? permalink award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago Memphis has been pretty bad for a while. permalink award report block reply Riehlpissed 1 points 3 days ago Can’t be fired for dricruin if duty. Fk you SorryOAss permalink award report block reply Godzilla6969 1 points 3 days ago Pretty sure it’s all the nigs that make that city hyper-violent permalink award report block reply bobbacringo 1 points 3 days ago George Soros is a ... .... Most of our problems are caused by... ... ... permalink award report block reply Trooph-Hurts 1 points 3 days ago Sedition permalink award report block reply Michalusmichalus 1 points 3 days ago The roads to Mephis there don't sound much fun. permalink award report block reply LadyLiberty83 1 points 3 days ago He put one in Austin, too permalink award report block reply
sleepinggiant 45 points 3 days ago How is this guy connected to so much shit and not in jail amd his ngo liquidated? permalink award report block reply MrCuriousGuy513 16 points 3 days ago It’s not “how”, it’s more people that are starting to make the connections on how he works and so on.
Some people are questioning his British ties too, if it’s true he was an asset to them too.
I still say, for man that broke that broke the Bank of England, it’s more suspicious that certain bankers gave him the money to do so, willingly.
Even the thought of a “Non-government organization” to still being operation overall should be the big tell on the government itself. Maybe people need to start asking our government that question? Edit: Excuse me, I think we need to start asking why it’s being allowed, especially if it’s foreign connections. If there are foreign intelligence agencies, I’m sure this declaration of war. permalink parent award report block reply Melchizedek18 15 points 3 days ago Because he's a Rothschild henchman. Who do you think gave Soros the money to break the Bank of England (again)? permalink parent award report block reply 762xPat 5 points 3 days ago Well..... he has a small hat for one. permalink parent award report block reply Burneraccountno4 5 points 3 days ago He is just a front man being funded ultimately by the US government. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 3 days ago He made a fortune wrecking the British pound. He's got his own money. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago And by that token us. permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 4 points 3 days ago Weak men (our side) make hard times.... permalink parent award report block reply load 4 more comments...
MrCuriousGuy513 16 points 3 days ago It’s not “how”, it’s more people that are starting to make the connections on how he works and so on.
Some people are questioning his British ties too, if it’s true he was an asset to them too.
I still say, for man that broke that broke the Bank of England, it’s more suspicious that certain bankers gave him the money to do so, willingly.
Even the thought of a “Non-government organization” to still being operation overall should be the big tell on the government itself. Maybe people need to start asking our government that question? Edit: Excuse me, I think we need to start asking why it’s being allowed, especially if it’s foreign connections. If there are foreign intelligence agencies, I’m sure this declaration of war. permalink parent award report block reply
Melchizedek18 15 points 3 days ago Because he's a Rothschild henchman. Who do you think gave Soros the money to break the Bank of England (again)? permalink parent award report block reply
762xPat 5 points 3 days ago Well..... he has a small hat for one. permalink parent award report block reply
Burneraccountno4 5 points 3 days ago He is just a front man being funded ultimately by the US government. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 3 days ago He made a fortune wrecking the British pound. He's got his own money. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago And by that token us. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 3 points 3 days ago He made a fortune wrecking the British pound. He's got his own money. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 3 days ago And by that token us. permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 4 points 3 days ago Weak men (our side) make hard times.... permalink parent award report block reply
Bldg_2019 16 points 3 days ago Stop covering for ALEXANDER SOROS by referring to his nearly 100 year old shitbag father. permalink award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 10 points 3 days ago Have you ever heard Alexander Soros talk? He presents as just a figurehead, at best. The coverage should address "Soro's Open Society" and whoever really runs it. permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 8 points 3 days ago Don’t disagree, and there are many other similar organizations. Once George dies, there might be a chance to break down that whole operation, but people get fixated on George because he’s been around forever. The Soros family is a perfect example of the type of eurotrash shitheads that never should have been imported before and after WWII. permalink parent award report block reply Rock9Head 0 points 3 days ago The Nazi guy, right? permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 9 points 3 days ago Nazi Jew collaborator, actually. Yes, that one. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 10 points 3 days ago Have you ever heard Alexander Soros talk? He presents as just a figurehead, at best. The coverage should address "Soro's Open Society" and whoever really runs it. permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 8 points 3 days ago Don’t disagree, and there are many other similar organizations. Once George dies, there might be a chance to break down that whole operation, but people get fixated on George because he’s been around forever. The Soros family is a perfect example of the type of eurotrash shitheads that never should have been imported before and after WWII. permalink parent award report block reply
Bldg_2019 8 points 3 days ago Don’t disagree, and there are many other similar organizations. Once George dies, there might be a chance to break down that whole operation, but people get fixated on George because he’s been around forever. The Soros family is a perfect example of the type of eurotrash shitheads that never should have been imported before and after WWII. permalink parent award report block reply
Rock9Head 0 points 3 days ago The Nazi guy, right? permalink parent award report block reply Bldg_2019 9 points 3 days ago Nazi Jew collaborator, actually. Yes, that one. permalink parent award report block reply
Bldg_2019 9 points 3 days ago Nazi Jew collaborator, actually. Yes, that one. permalink parent award report block reply
Somebody157 15 points 3 days ago Why don't we gather the armed forces of the USA and go kill these fuckers? Anyone have an answer? permalink award report block reply Made_in_America 7 points 3 days ago That’s antiseptic. permalink parent award report block reply BillyBobBrewer 1 points 3 days ago Because we don't control the armed forces, they do. The armed forces exist to protect them from us. Are you new here? permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 0 points 3 days ago They are not going to be able to bribe Trump. Trump has control of the forces. permalink parent award report block reply Kickass2001 1 points 3 days ago Oh ffs. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 3 days ago Oh you sweet summer child. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 1 points 3 days ago he was an easier target and Kirk kept his soul in tact. permalink parent award report block reply RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Made_in_America 7 points 3 days ago That’s antiseptic. permalink parent award report block reply
BillyBobBrewer 1 points 3 days ago Because we don't control the armed forces, they do. The armed forces exist to protect them from us. Are you new here? permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 0 points 3 days ago They are not going to be able to bribe Trump. Trump has control of the forces. permalink parent award report block reply Kickass2001 1 points 3 days ago Oh ffs. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 3 days ago Oh you sweet summer child. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 1 points 3 days ago he was an easier target and Kirk kept his soul in tact. permalink parent award report block reply
Somebody157 0 points 3 days ago They are not going to be able to bribe Trump. Trump has control of the forces. permalink parent award report block reply Kickass2001 1 points 3 days ago Oh ffs. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 0 points 3 days ago Oh you sweet summer child. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 1 points 3 days ago he was an easier target and Kirk kept his soul in tact. permalink parent award report block reply
Kickass2001 1 points 3 days ago Oh ffs. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 0 points 3 days ago Oh you sweet summer child. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 3 points 3 days ago Somebody157 1 points 3 days ago he was an easier target and Kirk kept his soul in tact. permalink parent award report block reply
Somebody157 1 points 3 days ago he was an easier target and Kirk kept his soul in tact. permalink parent award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
xanax123 11 points 3 days ago The worst part is that Soros doesn’t even use his own money— his 501c3’s use $$ from the American taxpayers he received from USAID etc… permalink award report block reply
RememberCharlieKirk 10 points 3 days ago Wow, not even a million dollars? With just $600,000 fed into a political campaign, the voters in Memphis were convinced into welcoming lawlessness. permalink award report block reply Hectic3 7 points 3 days ago This was my thought too. It only costs that much to ruin a city? The RNC couldn’t come up with $750,000 and a halfway decent candidate that would promise to prosecute violent criminals? permalink parent award report block reply DeplorableGarbage 5 points 3 days ago It's a Democrat city. They would have been flushing their money down the drain. They have to support non-insane Dem candidates and there are very few of those. permalink parent award report block reply Hectic3 1 points 3 days ago Get the $750,000 and have an America First candidate just pretend to be a Dem. It blows my mind how the GoP has no concept of simple deception. It’s not like the Dems ever discuss policy. Just run a generic campaign and outspend the Dem. Look at Gascon, I’m pretty sure he didn’t run on the promise of destroying cities. permalink parent award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago Nobody cares or knows about these positions so it's very easy to influence. The 600k for the campaign is doubtless peanuts compared to likely millions for the think-tanks that pored over the details of the US system to work out where they could most easily subvert the system. Meanwhile the government is impotent to serve the people it lives off of. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 2 points 3 days ago That's why getting active grass roots is so impactful.  These races.dont need millions.  A few grand, a few volunteers,  a good candidate who works their butt off getting their name out can beat anyone. permalink parent award report block reply
Hectic3 7 points 3 days ago This was my thought too. It only costs that much to ruin a city? The RNC couldn’t come up with $750,000 and a halfway decent candidate that would promise to prosecute violent criminals? permalink parent award report block reply DeplorableGarbage 5 points 3 days ago It's a Democrat city. They would have been flushing their money down the drain. They have to support non-insane Dem candidates and there are very few of those. permalink parent award report block reply Hectic3 1 points 3 days ago Get the $750,000 and have an America First candidate just pretend to be a Dem. It blows my mind how the GoP has no concept of simple deception. It’s not like the Dems ever discuss policy. Just run a generic campaign and outspend the Dem. Look at Gascon, I’m pretty sure he didn’t run on the promise of destroying cities. permalink parent award report block reply
DeplorableGarbage 5 points 3 days ago It's a Democrat city. They would have been flushing their money down the drain. They have to support non-insane Dem candidates and there are very few of those. permalink parent award report block reply Hectic3 1 points 3 days ago Get the $750,000 and have an America First candidate just pretend to be a Dem. It blows my mind how the GoP has no concept of simple deception. It’s not like the Dems ever discuss policy. Just run a generic campaign and outspend the Dem. Look at Gascon, I’m pretty sure he didn’t run on the promise of destroying cities. permalink parent award report block reply
Hectic3 1 points 3 days ago Get the $750,000 and have an America First candidate just pretend to be a Dem. It blows my mind how the GoP has no concept of simple deception. It’s not like the Dems ever discuss policy. Just run a generic campaign and outspend the Dem. Look at Gascon, I’m pretty sure he didn’t run on the promise of destroying cities. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 3 points 3 days ago Nobody cares or knows about these positions so it's very easy to influence. The 600k for the campaign is doubtless peanuts compared to likely millions for the think-tanks that pored over the details of the US system to work out where they could most easily subvert the system. Meanwhile the government is impotent to serve the people it lives off of. permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 2 points 3 days ago That's why getting active grass roots is so impactful.  These races.dont need millions.  A few grand, a few volunteers,  a good candidate who works their butt off getting their name out can beat anyone. permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 9 points 3 days ago George Soros isn't the mastermind, he's the figurehead, but either way he should be tried and executed for treason. permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Him and his little dog Toto, too! permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Him and his little dog Toto, too! permalink parent award report block reply
blackswans 7 points 3 days ago This is Bill Hagerty, and he's going places. The DA in question is Steve Mulroy, and he's a NYC carpetbagger. As a proud Tennessean, the question is whether or not Memphis deserves saving. If you went back to Memphis's boundaries before desegregation and busing the city would only have abt 200,000 people. They spent decades chasing Whitey through annexation.  Memphis has only one problem, and we all know what it is. permalink award report block reply Induceddrag 4 points 3 days ago That is a dog whistle for WhyTF is the toothpaste locked up at Target. permalink parent award report block reply
Induceddrag 4 points 3 days ago That is a dog whistle for WhyTF is the toothpaste locked up at Target. permalink parent award report block reply
MAGAguitar 6 points 3 days ago That’s why Trump deployed to Memphis among the first. That and the fact that it’s an major trafficking hub. permalink award report block reply
Bullet3250 6 points 3 days ago You would think the Republican Party would make some HAY with all this... Memphis is not the only place a SOROS Prosecutor let Crime explode. permalink award report block reply Bullet3250 10 points 3 days ago A list of prosecutors known or reported to have received funding or significant support from George Soros or affiliated organizations includes: Pamela Price, Alameda County, California Diana Becton, Contra Costa County, California George Gascón, Los Angeles County, California Monique Worrell, Ninth Judicial Circuit (Orange and Osceola Counties), Florida Shalena Cook Jones, Chatham County, Georgia Darius Pattillo, Henry County, Georgia Kim Foxx, Cook County (Chicago), Illinois Kimberley Graham, Polk County, Iowa James Stewart, Caddo Parish, Louisiana Jason Williams, Orleans Parish, Louisiana Jackie Sartoris, Cumberland County, Maine Scott Colom, Circuit Court District Sixteen, Mississippi Jody Owens, Hinds County, Mississippi Kim Gardner, St. Louis, Missouri Raul Torrez, Attorney General, New Mexico Alvin Bragg, Manhattan, New York David Clegg, Ulster County, New York Larry Krasner, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Jack Stollsteimer, Delaware County, Pennsylvania Joe Gonzalez, Bexar County (San Antonio), Texas John Creuzot, Dallas County, Texas Brian Middleton, Fort Bend County, Texas Kim Ogg, Harris County (Houston), Texas José Garza, Travis County (Austin), Texas Parisa Dehghani-Tafti, Arlington County and City of Falls Church, Virginia Steve Descano, Fairfax County, Virginia Buta Biberaj, Loudoun County, Virginia Ramin Fatehi, Norfolk County, Virginia Stephanie Morales, Portsmouth County, Virginia John Chisholm, Milwaukee County, Wisconsin Chesa Boudin, former District Attorney of San Francisco, California Rachael Rollins, former District Attorney of Suffolk County (Boston), Massachusetts Marilyn Mosby, former State’s Attorney of Baltimore, Maryland Andrew Warren, former State Attorney for the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit (Tampa), Florida permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Excellent! Thank you. We should be publicizing content like this as much as possible. permalink parent award report block reply
Bullet3250 10 points 3 days ago A list of prosecutors known or reported to have received funding or significant support from George Soros or affiliated organizations includes: Pamela Price, Alameda County, California Diana Becton, Contra Costa County, California George Gascón, Los Angeles County, California Monique Worrell, Ninth Judicial Circuit (Orange and Osceola Counties), Florida Shalena Cook Jones, Chatham County, Georgia Darius Pattillo, Henry County, Georgia Kim Foxx, Cook County (Chicago), Illinois Kimberley Graham, Polk County, Iowa James Stewart, Caddo Parish, Louisiana Jason Williams, Orleans Parish, Louisiana Jackie Sartoris, Cumberland County, Maine Scott Colom, Circuit Court District Sixteen, Mississippi Jody Owens, Hinds County, Mississippi Kim Gardner, St. Louis, Missouri Raul Torrez, Attorney General, New Mexico Alvin Bragg, Manhattan, New York David Clegg, Ulster County, New York Larry Krasner, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Jack Stollsteimer, Delaware County, Pennsylvania Joe Gonzalez, Bexar County (San Antonio), Texas John Creuzot, Dallas County, Texas Brian Middleton, Fort Bend County, Texas Kim Ogg, Harris County (Houston), Texas José Garza, Travis County (Austin), Texas Parisa Dehghani-Tafti, Arlington County and City of Falls Church, Virginia Steve Descano, Fairfax County, Virginia Buta Biberaj, Loudoun County, Virginia Ramin Fatehi, Norfolk County, Virginia Stephanie Morales, Portsmouth County, Virginia John Chisholm, Milwaukee County, Wisconsin Chesa Boudin, former District Attorney of San Francisco, California Rachael Rollins, former District Attorney of Suffolk County (Boston), Massachusetts Marilyn Mosby, former State’s Attorney of Baltimore, Maryland Andrew Warren, former State Attorney for the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit (Tampa), Florida permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Excellent! Thank you. We should be publicizing content like this as much as possible. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Excellent! Thank you. We should be publicizing content like this as much as possible. permalink parent award report block reply
Rope_Tree_Journalist 4 points 3 days ago "What's the bad part of Memphis called?" "Memphis!" permalink award report block reply zooty 3 points 3 days ago When blue staters talk about moving to Tennessee to a Tennessean, they'll get told "I hear Memphis is nice". permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Beale St with a buzz is ... permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, I do confess I had a good time when I went there. They also have the Bass Pro pyramid, of course and the model Mississippi and the zoo are pretty cool. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 3 points 3 days ago When blue staters talk about moving to Tennessee to a Tennessean, they'll get told "I hear Memphis is nice". permalink parent award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Beale St with a buzz is ... permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, I do confess I had a good time when I went there. They also have the Bass Pro pyramid, of course and the model Mississippi and the zoo are pretty cool. permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 1 points 3 days ago Beale St with a buzz is ... permalink parent award report block reply zooty 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, I do confess I had a good time when I went there. They also have the Bass Pro pyramid, of course and the model Mississippi and the zoo are pretty cool. permalink parent award report block reply
zooty 2 points 3 days ago Yeah, I do confess I had a good time when I went there. They also have the Bass Pro pyramid, of course and the model Mississippi and the zoo are pretty cool. permalink parent award report block reply
ATX_for_Trump 3 points 3 days ago See:  Dallas, Austin, Houston permalink award report block reply
Executarian2 3 points 3 days ago Get Jews out of politics. Exile all of them. permalink award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 2 points 3 days ago Soros money behind Mamdani too. permalink award report block reply
cardinaldrones 2 points 3 days ago Memphis is so black it’s ridiculous.  Who cares what he does there.  It’s a goner city from demographics alone.    By keeping the criminals on the street we can call it population control.  Only way to recover it is let them destroy it all and buy up everything cheap and turn it into gated communities with credit checks and criminal record checks permalink award report block reply
rivetjoint2 2 points 3 days ago The States need to pass law for the removal of these rogue DA.  But then again, we just elected an absolute soros shitbag as the Virginia AG. permalink award report block reply
booblitchutz 2 points 3 days ago You don’t need a degree from Yale law or any other law school to NOT prosecute crime. You can do that as a high school drop out! permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Kackles enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago Kackles enters the chat permalink parent award report block reply
Mega_MAGA 2 points 3 days ago This is a RICO case permalink award report block reply
newuser8 2 points 3 days ago Its never been a more perfect time to be a criminal in a blue city permalink award report block reply
Looniz74 OP PRO 2 points 3 days ago https://x.com/WallStreetApes/status/1987490358465638894?s=20 permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 2 points 3 days ago Their process only works if they get the tribes to turn on eachother. Create Jogger Culture, Give Joggers Carte Blance, Achieve Jogger Fatigue, Achieve Race/Civil War. They know exactly what they are doing. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 3 days ago Know how to end crime? It’s pretty damn simple. Punish the criminals! permalink award report block reply SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago I could've had a V-8? permalink parent award report block reply
SicSemperTyrannis2 0 points 3 days ago I could've had a V-8? permalink parent award report block reply
SpeekFreely 2 points 3 days ago Wait just a minute, that’s how they get around the Soros DA, by charging people Federal crimes ? Are those people guilty of Federal Crimes ? And why is there no discussion on getting rid of the Soros DA ? permalink award report block reply
zooty 2 points 3 days ago Memphis has been pretty bad for a while. permalink award report block reply
Riehlpissed 1 points 3 days ago Can’t be fired for dricruin if duty. Fk you SorryOAss permalink award report block reply
Godzilla6969 1 points 3 days ago Pretty sure it’s all the nigs that make that city hyper-violent permalink award report block reply
bobbacringo 1 points 3 days ago George Soros is a ... .... Most of our problems are caused by... ... ... permalink award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 1 points 3 days ago Sedition permalink award report block reply
Michalusmichalus 1 points 3 days ago The roads to Mephis there don't sound much fun. permalink award report block reply
LadyLiberty83 1 points 3 days ago He put one in Austin, too permalink award report block reply