1408 Trump Calls for Ending Obamacare (pjmedia.com) YES posted 4 days ago by Trick 137 comments award share report block Yes! Trump Calls for Ending Obamacare Trump urges Senate Republicans to end Obamacare and return funds to the people. pjmedia.com
137 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save perma-maga 80 points 4 days ago Watch, Republicans will defend ACA... it just needs some tweaking. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 59 points 4 days ago The Ghost of John McCain makes an appearance... permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle 43 points 4 days ago JUST DEPORT 40M ILLEGAL ALIENS AND WE WILL AUTOMATICALLY HAVE CHEAPER HEALTHCARE COSTS. SO FAR THE "MASS DEPORTATIONS" HAVE JUST BEEN A WET FART. INVOKE THE INSURRECTION ACT AND USE THE MILITARY TO CLEAR OUT ENTIRE APARTMENT COMPLEXES. THEN DEPORT THEM REGARDLESS OF WHAT ANY COURT SAYS. THIS WILL SOLVE 90% OF THE COUNTRY'S PROBLEMS. IT MUST BE DONE. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 12 points 4 days ago Agreed. In Southern Texas and California some counties have 30-40% of health-care infrastructure being used by illegal immigrants who don't pay SHIT. This is why I've started to be rude to people at stores who can't speak English. Fuck em. I now just cut them off in lines just like they've done by coming here illegally. And of course it's the fat women that always get indignant the most. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 6 points 4 days ago send the judges with them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 4 days ago Too easy , send them to God for treason let him work out the treason punishment. permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 5 points 4 days ago No, the healthcare system needs to be reformed.  The reason it is so expensive is because there is no competition.  The insurance companies and Healthcare systems gets paid regardless with haggling with the consumer.  Its needs to be opened back up to the Free Market.  That is what will drive down costs permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 4 days ago Station ICE agents in every hospital and arrest anyone who doesn't speak English. permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 2 points 4 days ago This ☝🏻🫩 We have a standing, hostile army within our walls. This is a national security threat!! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Doritalos 6 points 4 days ago That piece of shit Songbird is in hell permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 3 points 4 days ago Hope his hell includes having to service Feinstein with his tongue. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 1 points 4 days ago Now hold on a minute.... permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago That might be taking things a bit far. permalink parent award report block reply RizzlieDoodad 12 points 4 days ago And it's so funny, it's the reason healthcare sucks. The only good thing that came from the ACA was ending pre existing conditions permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 4 points 4 days ago It's a double edged sword.   Look at juvenile diabetes.   It's great that people with that are able to get covered so they don't die from lack of insulin.   But since Obamacare was implemented,  Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly were able to raise prices for insulin at a rate much higher than inflation.   So there is clearly a big problem in the system as it is. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago People have amnesia. Insurance companies regularly scoured patient records the moment they became ill with a serious illness to deny them coverage under "pre existing conditions. This was so common that people regularly BEGGED the government to do something about. Try removing that, in a country that is aging rapidly, and watch how fast the Democrats will be right back in office. Whatever one thinks of the affordable care act, many of the increases in insurance have little to do with it. Some, yes, but not nearly all. But it is a convenient scapegoat for all that ills the healthcare system in the country, when the actual picture is far, far more complicated than just ending Obamacare. And those that are raking it in know this. The entire medical system is so interwoven with government spending, private equity, Wall street, Big pharma, insurance companies, and a host of other middle men jacking up the costs, no single action will meaningfully reduce what people pay, no matter who is promising it. Without a workable replacement, healthcare will become the kryptonite of Republicans. Conservatives don't have to like this and can utterly hate Obamacare. But it is a sure fire way to usher in the Democrats for calling for it's repeal, without something to take it's place that is actually workable. And then I assure you, ALL of us will be paying for far, far more expensive and expansive government debacles, if they get back into power. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago The system must incentivize preventative care. We have to reduce the base cost of care system-wide. Healthcare needs to convert to a for-profit business, or a minimal margin business. Health insurers already operate on 1-3% margins. The wealth is flowing out of the system elsewhere. We need big insurers because there's huge savings in being able to spread out the risk over a large customer base. The bigger, the better, mathematically. We need competition, meaning we cannot allow monopoly or even cartel-type control over any one market. Right now, they all run essentially the same risk-reward statistics and peg their costs to what Medicare pays. We have cartel-type control right now controlled by CMS. They set the prices. That has to stop. We need individuals to be able to purchase at the same price as large employers insuring large groups. By forming the Marketplace to pool all of these self-insured, self-employed, gig workers, etc, the ACA did get this part right. PBMs are cancer. GPOs function similarly. Neither are truly necessary to the system, nor have provided the cost savings promised when the business models were legalized. Government must not stipulate or mandate care be included or excluded in plans. That has to be consumer-driven. I would prefer seeing strong incentives to provide "full preventative" coverage including dental, vision, hearing, mental health. Health is interconnected. Wellness requires addressing all body systems. The current acute-care-focused model is a massive cost driver up because it waits to fix something until it's very expensive to fix it. As you said, it's complicated, but Republicans need to put forward a gd plan. It's been 14 years since the fuse on HusseinCare's ticking time bomb was lit. The system will be blow up if we don't disarm and disable the bomb. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Agree with all of your suggestions. The Republicans have indeed had 14 years to come up with a viable, workable solution and still, nothing. But one way or the other, as you point out, reform MUST happen, because the entire healthcare system is completely unsustainable at present cost, and the trajectory we are on is catastrophic. permalink parent award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 1 points 4 days ago Good for who?  Not those without pre-existing conditions that have to subsidize the cost.  Home, auto and medical insurance are going through the roof. We debate cancelling what we can. Scared to for a claim for fear your will be cancelled or rates go up. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -1 points 4 days ago Pre existing conditions should not be covered except in specific circumstances and where you have had continuous insurance for a specified period of time prior. I can’t crash my truck without insurance and then go buy insurance expecting them to pay for the pre existing damage. Same with home insurance. I can’t skip it and wait until my home burns down and then go buy it expecting them to replace my already burned down home. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 6 points 4 days ago Gotta protect those insurance agencies. Totally not an absolute scam. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 0 points 4 days ago No, I want to protect my insurance premium from having to pay for you to skip paying for your own insurance until you have a problem and then expecting the rest of us to pay for your negligence and stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Moose_Antlers 1 points 4 days ago 50% of people in this country have a chronic disease. What you're suggesting would make everyone uninsurable. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 4 days ago Maybe try reading my first sentence again. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis -3 points 4 days ago Forcing them to cover pre-existing conditions is like forcing an auto insurer to cover an accident that happened before buying the policy. This single requirement alone breaks the entire system. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 3 points 4 days ago Republicans look retarded sucking insurance companies cocks. Car crash is not the same. If you are paying into a pool of insurance i dont mind saving someone from cancer.
It wouldnt even ve that expensive without vig pharma bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 4 points 4 days ago low IQ permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. The most common cause of cancer is obesity. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... HoganT 3 points 4 days ago People have to have health care, fren. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 0 points 4 days ago They do All you have to do is learn some Spanish, call yourself Pedro and go to any emergency room in the country. permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago Sure hope you never get cancer, dude. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago You should not be getting downvotes for telling the truth. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago Yes, let's go back to the days when  those that were covered continuously for years routinely were denied coverage the moment they became seriously ill, because the insurance companies scoured every inch of a patients record to find ANY indication they could use to call the illness "pre existing".... permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 4 days ago They ran on getting rid of it, then never did after being elected. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 1 points 4 days ago Obamacare forces everyone to contribute to the Rockefeller allopathic system of petroleum based pharmaceuticals, symptoms, and surgeries while ignoring cheap or natural cures, prevention, nutrition, and root causes permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 0 points 4 days ago "Tweaking". 90% of it needs to be gutted and replaced. Some of it is indeed worth keeping. Broken clock philosophy. They got a few things right. permalink parent award report block reply projectarcturus1 30 points 4 days ago It never should have happened. Get rid of it. permalink award report block reply TooHotToFrost 18 points 4 days ago So how do I get insurance without a large business employer and without the marketplace? permalink award report block reply Goozmania 10 points 4 days ago They have no plan. They just want to "end it" and cause the entire system to collapse. permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe 7 points 4 days ago Sounds good to me. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 4 days ago It's not good. If ACA were abolished, everyone in the country would lose their healthcare; not just the poor and elderly. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 5 points 4 days ago Politicians with no plan…say it isn’t so.   ACA was designed to fail .. coward plivin .. and thus full government single payer commie healthcare and free self deletion when the pain gets to be too much while waiting permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 7 points 4 days ago Shop around different insurance companies for an individual plan. That’s what I do, I’m self-employed. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 3 points 4 days ago What does your plan look like and what do you pay if I may ask? permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 4 points 4 days ago It’s an HSA qualified plan, they recently added copays. $11,000 out of pocket max, about $370/month. Medica, if you’re curious. I’m going to switch to a new provider, because I don’t want to give Minnesota money and they have slightly lower copays and out of pocket. This is for an individual, not a family. Also, I’m 40. And I have $30,000 in my HSA account, so I can cover my ass for at least two years, worst-case. Edit: this is NOT through the exchange. Healthcare.gov and never been typed in my browser. permalink parent award report block reply Naboth 2 points 4 days ago $4300 annual contribution to HSA. If not for the HDHP rule, I could contribute that every year.  Invested in S&P500 fund over the lifetime of employment with a 10% return (lower than historical, when dividends are included), that gives me ~$2,400,000.00 if I retire at 60.  Almost $4 million if I retire at 65.  For families, it becomes over $7.8 million (I would probably eliminate the family HSA rules and just have individual accounts for everyone, including children).  Letting people put their medicare tax money into their HSA instead makes the numbers even more ridiculous. I'm perfectly healthy, so change the rules so I can spend my HSA money on other peoples' health care as well (not just family), or transfer it to other peoples' HSAs.  Eliminate the TIRA / medicare rule so the money stays in the HSAs except for medical expenses only.  A side effect is that after a few years there will be more than enough money in the system to phase out medicare and medicaid. You don't need health insurance; you just need for the government to eliminate the carve outs to insurance companies in the tax code and fix the HSA rules to make them more compatible with (classical) liberal economics and individual choice. Health care was better when it was ran by religious institutions and charities instead of government.  Government isn't going to solve the problems in health care because government literally created those problems.  But with nothing more than a few changes to the tax code, health care could practically be free in a generation. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 5 points 4 days ago not their problem, silly! /s permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago I am going through this right now.  I think I will be joining an "EOR" next year and getting a commercial Cigna plan.  If you have or can add a business partner (not your wife), you qualify.  DM me if this might help you. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago Aka everyone in Florida permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... SubmarineGuy 16 points 4 days ago I knew it was awful from day one. I made what memes I could in opposition. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 4 days ago Make moar! permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 1 points 4 days ago Too many Moars already. permalink parent award report block reply TheEdgeOfTheEarth 3 points 4 days ago Good on ya mate, start posting them all over again! permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 4 days ago Proof that Luigi's method is more effective. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 3 points 4 days ago If he didnt go to McDonald's a week later with all the evidence on him he'd probably never have been caught. Thank God that one employee noticed he was acting suspicious and called the cops. permalink parent award report block reply RedFoxOnFire 10 points 4 days ago Will John McCain rise from the grave and swoop in to save Obamacare again? permalink award report block reply Roadpower 11 points 4 days ago That alone was a giant reason to hate him. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 6 points 4 days ago I will never forget that shit eating grin on his face as he sold out this country on live tv. Burn in hell traitor permalink parent award report block reply billybaldwin2 8 points 4 days ago Should be interesting to see what happens if it does. Stock prices going down? I usually tell places I don't have insurance. They greatly lower their prices. Used to be an EMT. Our city would give free ambulance rides if you didn't have insurance. If you did, well that's about $1,000. Older EMTs said before it was free for no insurance, people would refuse the hospital drive even if we were already there. permalink award report block reply bejeavis 5 points 4 days ago We had an event at a hotel in Washington state that ended in an ambulance ride- the EMS response and transport alone was over 5 thousand dollars. Luckily the hotel's insurer reimbursed us. But all considered it's a total disgrace. Fuck me for being white employed and insured I guess. (And our insurance denied the claim outright because it was "oUt oF nEtWoRk") permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 4 days ago 5K? WTAF? permalink parent award report block reply Hairytacofanatic 2 points 4 days ago Yes. Even in rural KY our rides are base $1000 just for getting in the ambulance. Then your charged per mile. You really wanna be mind fucked look at air evacs. Those usually get billed to the insurance for a cool 100k permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 1 points 4 days ago Holy shit permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago True. I had a friend that unfortunately had an accident, and had to be transported by air. He ended up paying something like 53,000.00, after he got them to come down. He didn't have insurance, because he constantly touted how healthy he was......Talk about penny wise and pound foolish... permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 8 points 4 days ago It's not good enough to go back to what we had right before Obamacare. That sucked too and healthcare prices were already unaffordable back then. We need massive free market reforms to bring prices down. Stop giving a shit about all the leftwing media and leftwing leeches who will cry about losing their handouts. Just fucking do it. permalink award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 6 points 4 days ago So is he's saying that basically the subsidies remain, but instead they are sent to the people to choose what services they want, as a way to force insurance companies to compete? permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago Which would result in people being sold even crappier policies than Obamacare, but for the same price tag, since it would take a person with expertise and experience in reading private medical insurance policies fine print to spot the differences and loopholes. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 4 days ago Perhaps, but I do wonder, if that person could spend that money on whatever they want, meaning the subsidy wasn't ensured to the insurance company, I guess that makes it an UBI, they would have to prove the value of their product, otherwise people will spend their money elsewhere. Also, plans and policies are pretty crappy as is. And, who doesn't read contracts that they sign? To get into a website, I click the "I accept" without reading, but a major contract like this, you gotta read it, or let a lawyer explain it, or at least let an Ai read it and point out anything that may seem anomalous. Also, if I'm I given the money directly, its going straight into a Mutual Insurance model, or a Takaful to see if I can ruffle anybodies feathers, where it can also make me money if I never end up using the assistance. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Your average person doesn't have a lawyer and doesn't read what they sign, or if they read it, actually understand it, I am sorry to say. And even then, many average attorneys'  skills at evaluating industry specific contracts is hit and miss, at best. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Well, for those that can't afford it, there is always Ai, but I paid $250 to have the last major contract I signed reviewed, with suggested amendments, but it was only about 14 pages long so I'd imagine a health contract review would be about double+, so ya, I see the issue. Still, if you read a few contracts, read online how they work, use the Ai to help you research what these lines mean, you may not understand every bit, but its better than not understanding any of it at all. What happens when you get to your in-network dentist office, and they don't want to abide by the contract and attempt to overcharge beyond the maximum out of pocket for just about every service? I have a buddy's mom currently in this ordeal, but it looks like the insurance company has begun an audit into the dentists office and she got here excess payment back. She raised hell in the dentist office, even her son and husband were embarrassed and just wanted to get out of there, but it turns out her anger with the receptionist was warranted as it turned out to be billing fraud and she has been getting overcharged for years. This receptionist I heard became rather vile when called out, demanding that she hang up the phone with her insurance company, telling her that wouldn't change the bill, from what I heard it became a yelling contest with Jack just walking back to his truck (which she's mad about because no one took her side until the insurance company did, she can be a bit dramatic). I'd say that this problem already exists in society, and not just healthcare, if you don't know your contracts, all of them, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot without even knowing it happened. permalink parent award report block reply Formerlurker92 6 points 4 days ago The tea party failed so MAGA could shine permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 9 points 4 days ago MAGA is not shining at all. Tea party was subverted.
Maga is subverted. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 4 days ago Sadly correct .. kind of. It and America First lives on within us but  the liars in charge (and their mouth pieces) only pretend to be MAGA/AF. But they do appease us with political baubles but it seems like we are down to one bauble that they aren't pursuing hard enough which is mass deportations. EDIT: and maybe election system fixes. If they can get those two cemented in we might be able to hold our nose for the other stuff they are failing on. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 4 points 4 days ago 25% of what should be the most consequential term gone and not much done except shit for israel and legacy building. Maybe ill ve surprised in the next three but im not particularly counting on it. If i qas trumps age and in an absolute power position with a super majority id be removing every illegal and giving anericans and ice agents big money bonuses for help. I guess everyone, no matter the age, thinks "i cant risk this life, i prob have 25 more years." Plus i thinj israel is giving him pat on the back wins and he thinks he will have some global legacy instead of what it should have been, saving the west. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 2 points 4 days ago Agreed, I don't think the people in this administration realize how consequential their period of time is. permalink parent award report block reply gunzby 5 points 4 days ago Obamacare is the primary reason I say Obama is the worst President of my lifetime. It completely fucked my insurance and will continue to be fucked for the rest of my life because the Republicans don't have the sack to get rid of it. Was talking to someone about this where they sarcastically said that premiums were up only 85% since inception. I said that number is dishonest because the average plan in 2010 actually covered stuff compared to today. The plan I had in 2010 covered stuff and is up 1200% since. What I have now covers nothing and is up about 100% compared to what I had permalink award report block reply AvYka 0 points 4 days ago What plan? permalink parent award report block reply gunzby 1 points 3 days ago Insurance plan. What I had prior to ACA was $750 deductible, $20 copay and no maximum on insurance payouts for $15 a week. That plan last year was $175 a week. What I have now is a $3500 deductible and $8000 moop and nothing other than physicals covered until I reach that deductible for $30 a week permalink parent award report block reply hughjasske69 5 points 4 days ago I wish I could purchase a emergency only plan.....  I don't need dental or optical I can pay for that out of pocket.  I don't use any prescriptions and I don't go to the doctor because I'm fucking healthy.  I want to cover emergencies. If I fall and break my arm or break a leg or break a hip or have to go to the emergency room or end up with cancer. Everything else I'll pay for thank you very much permalink award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago This is how insurance should work in general but people are too stupid to take care of themselves so they add all that extra shit in permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 4 points 4 days ago I've been calling to end Obongo since 2009. He needs to be hanged permalink award report block reply kfunny91 4 points 4 days ago this should have been dealt with years ago. permalink award report block reply Light_HIV_Effect 3 points 4 days ago The problem with any of these programs is once in place you can never get rid of them. I'm surprised a bit they didn't just go for single payer when they had the super majority, but they've rooted out all the moderates from the party and platform, they're sure to go for it. permalink award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago Ban employers from subsidizing it.  That’s the only way we can guarantee it won’t be attached to employment at a big company again.  Which is what got us into this mess.  It kept small business owners, part time workers, and people on southern states where it’s not offered out of the system,  so as long as it’s not going to
Back to leaving those people out. But seriously ending without replacement is going to cost the midterms and any future election for sure . It might even cause Florida to swing blue for the first time in decades.  Florida is the reason why Obamacare is so expensive it’s the number one consumer by far because it’s
Not offered at a lot of jobs and people work for themselves.  It’s unfortunately the small business state because no big businesses want to
Hire here. permalink award report block reply hey_spike 2 points 4 days ago Is government program gets no money, does it really exist? permalink award report block reply Wanderlust 2 points 4 days ago Pair it with an end to IRS and Healthcare will finally be on the road to free market. permalink award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago Be careful when you do this. There are some things in the ACA worth keeping. Some of the investments in technology and some of the standardizations that allow EHRs to work the way they do have been a huge benefit. More directly, if you work gigs or are between jobs or are self-employed you still need healthcare. You still want insurance. The most expensive person to insure is the party of 1 because none of your risks are distributed across a large population. You pay the highest price. You get futtbucked because that's just the way the math to calculate your risk works out. ACA created the marketplace. It pooled all of those people into one group and spread out their risk. They're easier to insure as a result. That's a good thing. It made the base cost to the entire system lower. If we get rid of ACA (which I wholeheartedly would LOVE to see), we need to have a better replacement plan. Republicans don't have such a plan. None of them do. Do not start demolition without a plan and funds to renovate the place into something better. permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Exactly. Killing off Obamacare, however crappy, is political suicide in a country with an aging, sicker population, and with no viable alternative that is workable being ready to go. Healthcare is Republican kryptonite without a workable alternative. You might as well hand the keys of the government to the Democrats in the coming elections, if that's the plan. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago Yes I totally agree.  Just ban employers from being involved period, then we can talk about the  free market reforms.  As long as employers are covering the real price it’s always going
To
Be messed up permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Couldn't agree more. It's just another piece of the puzzle of why our system is so expensive and fucked up. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago It’s so annoying that republicans can’t be the ones solving actual problems.  it could be something  be as simple as banning hospitals from charging any one different prices for a procedure whether they are insurance or cash payers  or part of their rigging scheme called “networks.”   But they won’t even do that.  Or even arrest an employee for
Hiring illegals. At least the Democrats will acknowledge a problem, campaign on it , then implement some batshit crazy unsustainable thing.   They might be retarded, but it’s like the retard that at least tries. Then only when they ruin it and the  Republicans are forced to clean up the mess will-something better be proposed.  Otherwise republicans  won’t even acknowledge the issues permalink parent award report block reply DingleBalls 1 points 4 days ago Would love.it codified that "single payer" healthcare is forever illegal nationwide permalink award report block reply hey_spike 1 points 4 days ago Sen John McCain has not entered the chat. permalink award report block reply Agent_86 1 points 4 days ago Welp there goes my HI permalink award report block reply tuaris 1 points 4 days ago It needs to be done permalink award report block reply Cuttinmuffins 1 points 4 days ago Trump sure calls for a lot of stuff when he could use the power he has to prosecute the folks that stole elecection after election, ran the country through the instillation of a brain damaged POTUS, and ruled the US through a semi successful coup. I guess it's better to plead with them for their  help in beating themselves somehow? permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 4 days ago https://archive.is/U6GVa permalink award report block reply readonly-polarbear 1 points 4 days ago DO IT FAGGOT DO IT permalink award report block reply Yignuced 1 points 4 days ago Me too permalink award report block reply NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 3 days ago Can someone please explain what it actually is? I was far too busy not giving a fuck back then to even know what or why Obamacare is bad permalink award report block reply weltallic 1 points 4 days ago While ICE agents are being attacked, rammed, and literally shot at. permalink award report block reply keeman 1 points 3 days ago Finally.  Some swamp draining.  Lindsay Graham will disapprove. permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago Id only support this as an effort to force dems to remove illegals from healthcare. I actually dont mind to help real americans, only neocon zionist boomers care about the miniscule price covering actual americans would cost. Stop funding israel and foreign countries and remove all illegals and h1bs and it costs pennies to give the poor healthcare. permalink award report block reply MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago I feel the same about SNAP. Get rid of the abusers, but there are legitimate Americans that need it. I have property in a very rural area that is beyond poverty stricken. It's a dilapidated mobile home community shared with recreation land that has been destroyed by multiple storms and shoddily recovered. We do what we can as a community to help our neighbors, but we can't feed 200 families. These are good hearted genuine Americans, and they love their country. The schools are terrible and the jobs are scarce, outside of Walmart/Dollar General/Caseys. Many of them are stuck in multigenerational poverty and many unfortunately turn to drugs and excessive alcohol to cope. It only further engrains them in a vicious cycle. It's sad. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Lately ive been getting a feeling like Trump us walking out the clock until some event catalyst that allows them to shove through whatever like 9/11. Dont get me wrong I voted for the dude 3 times but its just the feeling ive been getting lately. The only thing hes done this term is war for israel, give Iran motive for an attack, bring qataris into a US airvase, now the govt is shutdown so we have less monitoring and Israel is saying Iran is working on missiles for revenge, this stooge yarmulke wearing muslum in NYC. Now stillness that feels like waiting. I wouldnt be surprised if we get something worse than 9/11, honestly wouldnt ve surprised if we get dirty bombed or nuked and they lay it on Iran. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yeah, i grew up in WV, OH, TN and Kentucky so i know that with just minimum checks and balances you could make snap and healthcare subsidies for the poor work. Because poor white appalachians I know wouldnt complain at all if they had to prove they use it legitimately. Id almosy say rations for snap but I know the govt would then start giving the absolute shittiest meat and cheese. But it should be limited abd maybe part of it come in bulk ration so we know absolutely that poor kids at lwast have a bucket of rice and pasta and stuff even if a shitty parent sold off the money for the rest of ingreduents. Like 75% ebt 25% basic rations of pasta, bread, etc. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Illegals aren’t allowed in the ACA. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yes i know, but qith the shutdown being because dems want to give them healthcare, i wonder if bringing up ACA now isnt doubling down on that refusal. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Literally the only things the dems have asked for is funding the ACA. Maybe actually look into what’s going on instead of just deep throating what you’re told because it’s what you want to hear. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago You are arguing with yourself. Your comment doesnt negate anything i said. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments... CanadianMeathead 1 points 4 days ago Trumpcare permalink award report block reply FreedomFlowerDelta 1 points 4 days ago Weird...everyone was quite about health insurance rape for about 4years permalink award report block reply PeterThielAntiChrist 1 points 3 days ago kill AC = 20 years of democrat party domination permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 4 days ago The cucks in Congress will do nothing... permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 4 days ago Don't be a McStain on our Republic permalink award report block reply Trumpy_Bear 1 points 4 days ago When are we going to just start allowing health insurance and all medical spending to be written off of income? We have Dems keep claiming to want to tax the rich and not the poor, playing dumb games with the nominal rate, while ignoring all the dumb shit in the tax code. You could probably have the rule I just said above, and/or a standard deduction of $50,000, and actually pull in more tax revenue just by incentivizing employers to hire more permalink award report block reply Trajano 1 points 4 days ago Yes. permalink award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 3 days ago Do IT! Not two more weeks. permalink award report block reply Trumpy_Bear 0 points 4 days ago I dunno, man, I like being able to just buy health insurance. I haven't been working in a while but I have significant money, and buying policies has worked well for me.  I may be mistaken, but way back when just buying insurance was an issue, and doctors wouldn't even take people without insurance even if you could pay out of pocket permalink award report block reply HankScorpio 0 points 4 days ago They're pushing a narrative that funding health insurance is too expensive while increasing the military's budgets and giving Isrl billilons? lol. Wow. permalink award report block reply The_RedWolf 0 points 4 days ago "Trump calls for plan to have democrats retake congress in 2026" is what that headline should read. Since more republicans use the ACA, and independent voters have a high favorability on it (overall population is 64% favorable), it would lead to a democrat voter swing if it was implemented for Jan 1 2026 (~50 days from now) Jan 1 2027 would have way less effects since there is more time to adjust, rollout programs and companies to adjust pricing. If you think ObamaCare is bad, wait until ChuckCare 2027 gets through the Filibuster-less senate.  It could be so much worse. 22 Republican Senate seats vs 13 Democrat Senate seats are up in 2026 permalink award report block reply Spawnlingman 0 points 4 days ago Their going to waste his full four years with judges just saying no to anything he wants to do.   Nothing is being done about it.  Slow burn. permalink award report block reply Amway 0 points 4 days ago This shutdown is only one person's fault! McCain! permalink award report block reply oilybohunkofshit 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply RetardIsMyMiddleName 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
perma-maga 80 points 4 days ago Watch, Republicans will defend ACA... it just needs some tweaking. permalink award report block reply MehNahMehNah 59 points 4 days ago The Ghost of John McCain makes an appearance... permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle 43 points 4 days ago JUST DEPORT 40M ILLEGAL ALIENS AND WE WILL AUTOMATICALLY HAVE CHEAPER HEALTHCARE COSTS. SO FAR THE "MASS DEPORTATIONS" HAVE JUST BEEN A WET FART. INVOKE THE INSURRECTION ACT AND USE THE MILITARY TO CLEAR OUT ENTIRE APARTMENT COMPLEXES. THEN DEPORT THEM REGARDLESS OF WHAT ANY COURT SAYS. THIS WILL SOLVE 90% OF THE COUNTRY'S PROBLEMS. IT MUST BE DONE. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 12 points 4 days ago Agreed. In Southern Texas and California some counties have 30-40% of health-care infrastructure being used by illegal immigrants who don't pay SHIT. This is why I've started to be rude to people at stores who can't speak English. Fuck em. I now just cut them off in lines just like they've done by coming here illegally. And of course it's the fat women that always get indignant the most. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 6 points 4 days ago send the judges with them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 4 days ago Too easy , send them to God for treason let him work out the treason punishment. permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 5 points 4 days ago No, the healthcare system needs to be reformed.  The reason it is so expensive is because there is no competition.  The insurance companies and Healthcare systems gets paid regardless with haggling with the consumer.  Its needs to be opened back up to the Free Market.  That is what will drive down costs permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 4 days ago Station ICE agents in every hospital and arrest anyone who doesn't speak English. permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 2 points 4 days ago This ☝🏻🫩 We have a standing, hostile army within our walls. This is a national security threat!! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Doritalos 6 points 4 days ago That piece of shit Songbird is in hell permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 3 points 4 days ago Hope his hell includes having to service Feinstein with his tongue. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 1 points 4 days ago Now hold on a minute.... permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago That might be taking things a bit far. permalink parent award report block reply RizzlieDoodad 12 points 4 days ago And it's so funny, it's the reason healthcare sucks. The only good thing that came from the ACA was ending pre existing conditions permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 4 points 4 days ago It's a double edged sword.   Look at juvenile diabetes.   It's great that people with that are able to get covered so they don't die from lack of insulin.   But since Obamacare was implemented,  Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly were able to raise prices for insulin at a rate much higher than inflation.   So there is clearly a big problem in the system as it is. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago People have amnesia. Insurance companies regularly scoured patient records the moment they became ill with a serious illness to deny them coverage under "pre existing conditions. This was so common that people regularly BEGGED the government to do something about. Try removing that, in a country that is aging rapidly, and watch how fast the Democrats will be right back in office. Whatever one thinks of the affordable care act, many of the increases in insurance have little to do with it. Some, yes, but not nearly all. But it is a convenient scapegoat for all that ills the healthcare system in the country, when the actual picture is far, far more complicated than just ending Obamacare. And those that are raking it in know this. The entire medical system is so interwoven with government spending, private equity, Wall street, Big pharma, insurance companies, and a host of other middle men jacking up the costs, no single action will meaningfully reduce what people pay, no matter who is promising it. Without a workable replacement, healthcare will become the kryptonite of Republicans. Conservatives don't have to like this and can utterly hate Obamacare. But it is a sure fire way to usher in the Democrats for calling for it's repeal, without something to take it's place that is actually workable. And then I assure you, ALL of us will be paying for far, far more expensive and expansive government debacles, if they get back into power. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago The system must incentivize preventative care. We have to reduce the base cost of care system-wide. Healthcare needs to convert to a for-profit business, or a minimal margin business. Health insurers already operate on 1-3% margins. The wealth is flowing out of the system elsewhere. We need big insurers because there's huge savings in being able to spread out the risk over a large customer base. The bigger, the better, mathematically. We need competition, meaning we cannot allow monopoly or even cartel-type control over any one market. Right now, they all run essentially the same risk-reward statistics and peg their costs to what Medicare pays. We have cartel-type control right now controlled by CMS. They set the prices. That has to stop. We need individuals to be able to purchase at the same price as large employers insuring large groups. By forming the Marketplace to pool all of these self-insured, self-employed, gig workers, etc, the ACA did get this part right. PBMs are cancer. GPOs function similarly. Neither are truly necessary to the system, nor have provided the cost savings promised when the business models were legalized. Government must not stipulate or mandate care be included or excluded in plans. That has to be consumer-driven. I would prefer seeing strong incentives to provide "full preventative" coverage including dental, vision, hearing, mental health. Health is interconnected. Wellness requires addressing all body systems. The current acute-care-focused model is a massive cost driver up because it waits to fix something until it's very expensive to fix it. As you said, it's complicated, but Republicans need to put forward a gd plan. It's been 14 years since the fuse on HusseinCare's ticking time bomb was lit. The system will be blow up if we don't disarm and disable the bomb. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Agree with all of your suggestions. The Republicans have indeed had 14 years to come up with a viable, workable solution and still, nothing. But one way or the other, as you point out, reform MUST happen, because the entire healthcare system is completely unsustainable at present cost, and the trajectory we are on is catastrophic. permalink parent award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 1 points 4 days ago Good for who?  Not those without pre-existing conditions that have to subsidize the cost.  Home, auto and medical insurance are going through the roof. We debate cancelling what we can. Scared to for a claim for fear your will be cancelled or rates go up. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -1 points 4 days ago Pre existing conditions should not be covered except in specific circumstances and where you have had continuous insurance for a specified period of time prior. I can’t crash my truck without insurance and then go buy insurance expecting them to pay for the pre existing damage. Same with home insurance. I can’t skip it and wait until my home burns down and then go buy it expecting them to replace my already burned down home. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 6 points 4 days ago Gotta protect those insurance agencies. Totally not an absolute scam. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 0 points 4 days ago No, I want to protect my insurance premium from having to pay for you to skip paying for your own insurance until you have a problem and then expecting the rest of us to pay for your negligence and stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Moose_Antlers 1 points 4 days ago 50% of people in this country have a chronic disease. What you're suggesting would make everyone uninsurable. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 4 days ago Maybe try reading my first sentence again. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis -3 points 4 days ago Forcing them to cover pre-existing conditions is like forcing an auto insurer to cover an accident that happened before buying the policy. This single requirement alone breaks the entire system. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 3 points 4 days ago Republicans look retarded sucking insurance companies cocks. Car crash is not the same. If you are paying into a pool of insurance i dont mind saving someone from cancer.
It wouldnt even ve that expensive without vig pharma bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 4 points 4 days ago low IQ permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. The most common cause of cancer is obesity. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... HoganT 3 points 4 days ago People have to have health care, fren. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 0 points 4 days ago They do All you have to do is learn some Spanish, call yourself Pedro and go to any emergency room in the country. permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago Sure hope you never get cancer, dude. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago You should not be getting downvotes for telling the truth. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago Yes, let's go back to the days when  those that were covered continuously for years routinely were denied coverage the moment they became seriously ill, because the insurance companies scoured every inch of a patients record to find ANY indication they could use to call the illness "pre existing".... permalink parent award report block reply ColonelKlink 3 points 4 days ago They ran on getting rid of it, then never did after being elected. permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 1 points 4 days ago Obamacare forces everyone to contribute to the Rockefeller allopathic system of petroleum based pharmaceuticals, symptoms, and surgeries while ignoring cheap or natural cures, prevention, nutrition, and root causes permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 0 points 4 days ago "Tweaking". 90% of it needs to be gutted and replaced. Some of it is indeed worth keeping. Broken clock philosophy. They got a few things right. permalink parent award report block reply
MehNahMehNah 59 points 4 days ago The Ghost of John McCain makes an appearance... permalink parent award report block reply maltese-poodle 43 points 4 days ago JUST DEPORT 40M ILLEGAL ALIENS AND WE WILL AUTOMATICALLY HAVE CHEAPER HEALTHCARE COSTS. SO FAR THE "MASS DEPORTATIONS" HAVE JUST BEEN A WET FART. INVOKE THE INSURRECTION ACT AND USE THE MILITARY TO CLEAR OUT ENTIRE APARTMENT COMPLEXES. THEN DEPORT THEM REGARDLESS OF WHAT ANY COURT SAYS. THIS WILL SOLVE 90% OF THE COUNTRY'S PROBLEMS. IT MUST BE DONE. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 12 points 4 days ago Agreed. In Southern Texas and California some counties have 30-40% of health-care infrastructure being used by illegal immigrants who don't pay SHIT. This is why I've started to be rude to people at stores who can't speak English. Fuck em. I now just cut them off in lines just like they've done by coming here illegally. And of course it's the fat women that always get indignant the most. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 6 points 4 days ago send the judges with them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 4 days ago Too easy , send them to God for treason let him work out the treason punishment. permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 5 points 4 days ago No, the healthcare system needs to be reformed.  The reason it is so expensive is because there is no competition.  The insurance companies and Healthcare systems gets paid regardless with haggling with the consumer.  Its needs to be opened back up to the Free Market.  That is what will drive down costs permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 4 days ago Station ICE agents in every hospital and arrest anyone who doesn't speak English. permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 2 points 4 days ago This ☝🏻🫩 We have a standing, hostile army within our walls. This is a national security threat!! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... Doritalos 6 points 4 days ago That piece of shit Songbird is in hell permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 3 points 4 days ago Hope his hell includes having to service Feinstein with his tongue. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 1 points 4 days ago Now hold on a minute.... permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago That might be taking things a bit far. permalink parent award report block reply
maltese-poodle 43 points 4 days ago JUST DEPORT 40M ILLEGAL ALIENS AND WE WILL AUTOMATICALLY HAVE CHEAPER HEALTHCARE COSTS. SO FAR THE "MASS DEPORTATIONS" HAVE JUST BEEN A WET FART. INVOKE THE INSURRECTION ACT AND USE THE MILITARY TO CLEAR OUT ENTIRE APARTMENT COMPLEXES. THEN DEPORT THEM REGARDLESS OF WHAT ANY COURT SAYS. THIS WILL SOLVE 90% OF THE COUNTRY'S PROBLEMS. IT MUST BE DONE. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 12 points 4 days ago Agreed. In Southern Texas and California some counties have 30-40% of health-care infrastructure being used by illegal immigrants who don't pay SHIT. This is why I've started to be rude to people at stores who can't speak English. Fuck em. I now just cut them off in lines just like they've done by coming here illegally. And of course it's the fat women that always get indignant the most. permalink parent award report block reply Bramage 6 points 4 days ago send the judges with them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 4 days ago Too easy , send them to God for treason let him work out the treason punishment. permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 5 points 4 days ago No, the healthcare system needs to be reformed.  The reason it is so expensive is because there is no competition.  The insurance companies and Healthcare systems gets paid regardless with haggling with the consumer.  Its needs to be opened back up to the Free Market.  That is what will drive down costs permalink parent award report block reply AVeryNakedMan 4 points 4 days ago Station ICE agents in every hospital and arrest anyone who doesn't speak English. permalink parent award report block reply SuperHonkey 2 points 4 days ago This ☝🏻🫩 We have a standing, hostile army within our walls. This is a national security threat!! permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
MasterChief08 12 points 4 days ago Agreed. In Southern Texas and California some counties have 30-40% of health-care infrastructure being used by illegal immigrants who don't pay SHIT. This is why I've started to be rude to people at stores who can't speak English. Fuck em. I now just cut them off in lines just like they've done by coming here illegally. And of course it's the fat women that always get indignant the most. permalink parent award report block reply
Bramage 6 points 4 days ago send the judges with them. permalink parent award report block reply Standingoak 5 points 4 days ago Too easy , send them to God for treason let him work out the treason punishment. permalink parent award report block reply
Standingoak 5 points 4 days ago Too easy , send them to God for treason let him work out the treason punishment. permalink parent award report block reply
Threaper666 5 points 4 days ago No, the healthcare system needs to be reformed.  The reason it is so expensive is because there is no competition.  The insurance companies and Healthcare systems gets paid regardless with haggling with the consumer.  Its needs to be opened back up to the Free Market.  That is what will drive down costs permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 4 points 4 days ago Station ICE agents in every hospital and arrest anyone who doesn't speak English. permalink parent award report block reply
SuperHonkey 2 points 4 days ago This ☝🏻🫩 We have a standing, hostile army within our walls. This is a national security threat!! permalink parent award report block reply
Doritalos 6 points 4 days ago That piece of shit Songbird is in hell permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 3 points 4 days ago Hope his hell includes having to service Feinstein with his tongue. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 1 points 4 days ago Now hold on a minute.... permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago That might be taking things a bit far. permalink parent award report block reply
Sgt_Hulka 3 points 4 days ago Hope his hell includes having to service Feinstein with his tongue. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 1 points 4 days ago Now hold on a minute.... permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago That might be taking things a bit far. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 1 points 4 days ago Now hold on a minute.... permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 1 points 4 days ago That might be taking things a bit far. permalink parent award report block reply
RizzlieDoodad 12 points 4 days ago And it's so funny, it's the reason healthcare sucks. The only good thing that came from the ACA was ending pre existing conditions permalink parent award report block reply Froynlavenfroynlaven 4 points 4 days ago It's a double edged sword.   Look at juvenile diabetes.   It's great that people with that are able to get covered so they don't die from lack of insulin.   But since Obamacare was implemented,  Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly were able to raise prices for insulin at a rate much higher than inflation.   So there is clearly a big problem in the system as it is. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago People have amnesia. Insurance companies regularly scoured patient records the moment they became ill with a serious illness to deny them coverage under "pre existing conditions. This was so common that people regularly BEGGED the government to do something about. Try removing that, in a country that is aging rapidly, and watch how fast the Democrats will be right back in office. Whatever one thinks of the affordable care act, many of the increases in insurance have little to do with it. Some, yes, but not nearly all. But it is a convenient scapegoat for all that ills the healthcare system in the country, when the actual picture is far, far more complicated than just ending Obamacare. And those that are raking it in know this. The entire medical system is so interwoven with government spending, private equity, Wall street, Big pharma, insurance companies, and a host of other middle men jacking up the costs, no single action will meaningfully reduce what people pay, no matter who is promising it. Without a workable replacement, healthcare will become the kryptonite of Republicans. Conservatives don't have to like this and can utterly hate Obamacare. But it is a sure fire way to usher in the Democrats for calling for it's repeal, without something to take it's place that is actually workable. And then I assure you, ALL of us will be paying for far, far more expensive and expansive government debacles, if they get back into power. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago The system must incentivize preventative care. We have to reduce the base cost of care system-wide. Healthcare needs to convert to a for-profit business, or a minimal margin business. Health insurers already operate on 1-3% margins. The wealth is flowing out of the system elsewhere. We need big insurers because there's huge savings in being able to spread out the risk over a large customer base. The bigger, the better, mathematically. We need competition, meaning we cannot allow monopoly or even cartel-type control over any one market. Right now, they all run essentially the same risk-reward statistics and peg their costs to what Medicare pays. We have cartel-type control right now controlled by CMS. They set the prices. That has to stop. We need individuals to be able to purchase at the same price as large employers insuring large groups. By forming the Marketplace to pool all of these self-insured, self-employed, gig workers, etc, the ACA did get this part right. PBMs are cancer. GPOs function similarly. Neither are truly necessary to the system, nor have provided the cost savings promised when the business models were legalized. Government must not stipulate or mandate care be included or excluded in plans. That has to be consumer-driven. I would prefer seeing strong incentives to provide "full preventative" coverage including dental, vision, hearing, mental health. Health is interconnected. Wellness requires addressing all body systems. The current acute-care-focused model is a massive cost driver up because it waits to fix something until it's very expensive to fix it. As you said, it's complicated, but Republicans need to put forward a gd plan. It's been 14 years since the fuse on HusseinCare's ticking time bomb was lit. The system will be blow up if we don't disarm and disable the bomb. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Agree with all of your suggestions. The Republicans have indeed had 14 years to come up with a viable, workable solution and still, nothing. But one way or the other, as you point out, reform MUST happen, because the entire healthcare system is completely unsustainable at present cost, and the trajectory we are on is catastrophic. permalink parent award report block reply ctgcwiqc1 1 points 4 days ago Good for who?  Not those without pre-existing conditions that have to subsidize the cost.  Home, auto and medical insurance are going through the roof. We debate cancelling what we can. Scared to for a claim for fear your will be cancelled or rates go up. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -1 points 4 days ago Pre existing conditions should not be covered except in specific circumstances and where you have had continuous insurance for a specified period of time prior. I can’t crash my truck without insurance and then go buy insurance expecting them to pay for the pre existing damage. Same with home insurance. I can’t skip it and wait until my home burns down and then go buy it expecting them to replace my already burned down home. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 6 points 4 days ago Gotta protect those insurance agencies. Totally not an absolute scam. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 0 points 4 days ago No, I want to protect my insurance premium from having to pay for you to skip paying for your own insurance until you have a problem and then expecting the rest of us to pay for your negligence and stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Moose_Antlers 1 points 4 days ago 50% of people in this country have a chronic disease. What you're suggesting would make everyone uninsurable. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 4 days ago Maybe try reading my first sentence again. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis -3 points 4 days ago Forcing them to cover pre-existing conditions is like forcing an auto insurer to cover an accident that happened before buying the policy. This single requirement alone breaks the entire system. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 3 points 4 days ago Republicans look retarded sucking insurance companies cocks. Car crash is not the same. If you are paying into a pool of insurance i dont mind saving someone from cancer.
It wouldnt even ve that expensive without vig pharma bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 4 points 4 days ago low IQ permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. The most common cause of cancer is obesity. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... HoganT 3 points 4 days ago People have to have health care, fren. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 0 points 4 days ago They do All you have to do is learn some Spanish, call yourself Pedro and go to any emergency room in the country. permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago Sure hope you never get cancer, dude. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago You should not be getting downvotes for telling the truth. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago Yes, let's go back to the days when  those that were covered continuously for years routinely were denied coverage the moment they became seriously ill, because the insurance companies scoured every inch of a patients record to find ANY indication they could use to call the illness "pre existing".... permalink parent award report block reply
Froynlavenfroynlaven 4 points 4 days ago It's a double edged sword.   Look at juvenile diabetes.   It's great that people with that are able to get covered so they don't die from lack of insulin.   But since Obamacare was implemented,  Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly were able to raise prices for insulin at a rate much higher than inflation.   So there is clearly a big problem in the system as it is. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago People have amnesia. Insurance companies regularly scoured patient records the moment they became ill with a serious illness to deny them coverage under "pre existing conditions. This was so common that people regularly BEGGED the government to do something about. Try removing that, in a country that is aging rapidly, and watch how fast the Democrats will be right back in office. Whatever one thinks of the affordable care act, many of the increases in insurance have little to do with it. Some, yes, but not nearly all. But it is a convenient scapegoat for all that ills the healthcare system in the country, when the actual picture is far, far more complicated than just ending Obamacare. And those that are raking it in know this. The entire medical system is so interwoven with government spending, private equity, Wall street, Big pharma, insurance companies, and a host of other middle men jacking up the costs, no single action will meaningfully reduce what people pay, no matter who is promising it. Without a workable replacement, healthcare will become the kryptonite of Republicans. Conservatives don't have to like this and can utterly hate Obamacare. But it is a sure fire way to usher in the Democrats for calling for it's repeal, without something to take it's place that is actually workable. And then I assure you, ALL of us will be paying for far, far more expensive and expansive government debacles, if they get back into power. permalink parent award report block reply Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago The system must incentivize preventative care. We have to reduce the base cost of care system-wide. Healthcare needs to convert to a for-profit business, or a minimal margin business. Health insurers already operate on 1-3% margins. The wealth is flowing out of the system elsewhere. We need big insurers because there's huge savings in being able to spread out the risk over a large customer base. The bigger, the better, mathematically. We need competition, meaning we cannot allow monopoly or even cartel-type control over any one market. Right now, they all run essentially the same risk-reward statistics and peg their costs to what Medicare pays. We have cartel-type control right now controlled by CMS. They set the prices. That has to stop. We need individuals to be able to purchase at the same price as large employers insuring large groups. By forming the Marketplace to pool all of these self-insured, self-employed, gig workers, etc, the ACA did get this part right. PBMs are cancer. GPOs function similarly. Neither are truly necessary to the system, nor have provided the cost savings promised when the business models were legalized. Government must not stipulate or mandate care be included or excluded in plans. That has to be consumer-driven. I would prefer seeing strong incentives to provide "full preventative" coverage including dental, vision, hearing, mental health. Health is interconnected. Wellness requires addressing all body systems. The current acute-care-focused model is a massive cost driver up because it waits to fix something until it's very expensive to fix it. As you said, it's complicated, but Republicans need to put forward a gd plan. It's been 14 years since the fuse on HusseinCare's ticking time bomb was lit. The system will be blow up if we don't disarm and disable the bomb. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Agree with all of your suggestions. The Republicans have indeed had 14 years to come up with a viable, workable solution and still, nothing. But one way or the other, as you point out, reform MUST happen, because the entire healthcare system is completely unsustainable at present cost, and the trajectory we are on is catastrophic. permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago The system must incentivize preventative care. We have to reduce the base cost of care system-wide. Healthcare needs to convert to a for-profit business, or a minimal margin business. Health insurers already operate on 1-3% margins. The wealth is flowing out of the system elsewhere. We need big insurers because there's huge savings in being able to spread out the risk over a large customer base. The bigger, the better, mathematically. We need competition, meaning we cannot allow monopoly or even cartel-type control over any one market. Right now, they all run essentially the same risk-reward statistics and peg their costs to what Medicare pays. We have cartel-type control right now controlled by CMS. They set the prices. That has to stop. We need individuals to be able to purchase at the same price as large employers insuring large groups. By forming the Marketplace to pool all of these self-insured, self-employed, gig workers, etc, the ACA did get this part right. PBMs are cancer. GPOs function similarly. Neither are truly necessary to the system, nor have provided the cost savings promised when the business models were legalized. Government must not stipulate or mandate care be included or excluded in plans. That has to be consumer-driven. I would prefer seeing strong incentives to provide "full preventative" coverage including dental, vision, hearing, mental health. Health is interconnected. Wellness requires addressing all body systems. The current acute-care-focused model is a massive cost driver up because it waits to fix something until it's very expensive to fix it. As you said, it's complicated, but Republicans need to put forward a gd plan. It's been 14 years since the fuse on HusseinCare's ticking time bomb was lit. The system will be blow up if we don't disarm and disable the bomb. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Agree with all of your suggestions. The Republicans have indeed had 14 years to come up with a viable, workable solution and still, nothing. But one way or the other, as you point out, reform MUST happen, because the entire healthcare system is completely unsustainable at present cost, and the trajectory we are on is catastrophic. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 1 points 4 days ago Agree with all of your suggestions. The Republicans have indeed had 14 years to come up with a viable, workable solution and still, nothing. But one way or the other, as you point out, reform MUST happen, because the entire healthcare system is completely unsustainable at present cost, and the trajectory we are on is catastrophic. permalink parent award report block reply
ctgcwiqc1 1 points 4 days ago Good for who?  Not those without pre-existing conditions that have to subsidize the cost.  Home, auto and medical insurance are going through the roof. We debate cancelling what we can. Scared to for a claim for fear your will be cancelled or rates go up. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -1 points 4 days ago Pre existing conditions should not be covered except in specific circumstances and where you have had continuous insurance for a specified period of time prior. I can’t crash my truck without insurance and then go buy insurance expecting them to pay for the pre existing damage. Same with home insurance. I can’t skip it and wait until my home burns down and then go buy it expecting them to replace my already burned down home. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 6 points 4 days ago Gotta protect those insurance agencies. Totally not an absolute scam. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 0 points 4 days ago No, I want to protect my insurance premium from having to pay for you to skip paying for your own insurance until you have a problem and then expecting the rest of us to pay for your negligence and stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Moose_Antlers 1 points 4 days ago 50% of people in this country have a chronic disease. What you're suggesting would make everyone uninsurable. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 4 days ago Maybe try reading my first sentence again. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 6 points 4 days ago Gotta protect those insurance agencies. Totally not an absolute scam. permalink parent award report block reply RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 0 points 4 days ago No, I want to protect my insurance premium from having to pay for you to skip paying for your own insurance until you have a problem and then expecting the rest of us to pay for your negligence and stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 1 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla 0 points 4 days ago No, I want to protect my insurance premium from having to pay for you to skip paying for your own insurance until you have a problem and then expecting the rest of us to pay for your negligence and stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Moose_Antlers 1 points 4 days ago 50% of people in this country have a chronic disease. What you're suggesting would make everyone uninsurable. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla 1 points 4 days ago Maybe try reading my first sentence again. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla 1 points 4 days ago Maybe try reading my first sentence again. permalink parent award report block reply
bejeavis -3 points 4 days ago Forcing them to cover pre-existing conditions is like forcing an auto insurer to cover an accident that happened before buying the policy. This single requirement alone breaks the entire system. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 3 points 4 days ago Republicans look retarded sucking insurance companies cocks. Car crash is not the same. If you are paying into a pool of insurance i dont mind saving someone from cancer.
It wouldnt even ve that expensive without vig pharma bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 4 points 4 days ago low IQ permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. The most common cause of cancer is obesity. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... HoganT 3 points 4 days ago People have to have health care, fren. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 0 points 4 days ago They do All you have to do is learn some Spanish, call yourself Pedro and go to any emergency room in the country. permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago Sure hope you never get cancer, dude. permalink parent award report block reply HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago You should not be getting downvotes for telling the truth. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago Yes, let's go back to the days when  those that were covered continuously for years routinely were denied coverage the moment they became seriously ill, because the insurance companies scoured every inch of a patients record to find ANY indication they could use to call the illness "pre existing".... permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 3 points 4 days ago Republicans look retarded sucking insurance companies cocks. Car crash is not the same. If you are paying into a pool of insurance i dont mind saving someone from cancer.
It wouldnt even ve that expensive without vig pharma bullshit. permalink parent award report block reply bejeavis 4 points 4 days ago low IQ permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... RedStoneDeepState 0 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. The most common cause of cancer is obesity. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
bejeavis 4 points 4 days ago low IQ permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
RedStoneDeepState 0 points 4 days ago Its not protecting insurance agencies, its allowing an accurate actuarial cost. The most common cause of cancer is obesity. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
HoganT 3 points 4 days ago People have to have health care, fren. permalink parent award report block reply Sgt_Hulka 0 points 4 days ago They do All you have to do is learn some Spanish, call yourself Pedro and go to any emergency room in the country. permalink parent award report block reply
Sgt_Hulka 0 points 4 days ago They do All you have to do is learn some Spanish, call yourself Pedro and go to any emergency room in the country. permalink parent award report block reply
HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago Sure hope you never get cancer, dude. permalink parent award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 2 points 4 days ago You should not be getting downvotes for telling the truth. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago Yes, let's go back to the days when  those that were covered continuously for years routinely were denied coverage the moment they became seriously ill, because the insurance companies scoured every inch of a patients record to find ANY indication they could use to call the illness "pre existing".... permalink parent award report block reply
ColonelKlink 3 points 4 days ago They ran on getting rid of it, then never did after being elected. permalink parent award report block reply
tpactionchasethevote 1 points 4 days ago Obamacare forces everyone to contribute to the Rockefeller allopathic system of petroleum based pharmaceuticals, symptoms, and surgeries while ignoring cheap or natural cures, prevention, nutrition, and root causes permalink parent award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 0 points 4 days ago "Tweaking". 90% of it needs to be gutted and replaced. Some of it is indeed worth keeping. Broken clock philosophy. They got a few things right. permalink parent award report block reply
projectarcturus1 30 points 4 days ago It never should have happened. Get rid of it. permalink award report block reply
TooHotToFrost 18 points 4 days ago So how do I get insurance without a large business employer and without the marketplace? permalink award report block reply Goozmania 10 points 4 days ago They have no plan. They just want to "end it" and cause the entire system to collapse. permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe 7 points 4 days ago Sounds good to me. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 4 days ago It's not good. If ACA were abolished, everyone in the country would lose their healthcare; not just the poor and elderly. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 5 points 4 days ago Politicians with no plan…say it isn’t so.   ACA was designed to fail .. coward plivin .. and thus full government single payer commie healthcare and free self deletion when the pain gets to be too much while waiting permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 7 points 4 days ago Shop around different insurance companies for an individual plan. That’s what I do, I’m self-employed. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 3 points 4 days ago What does your plan look like and what do you pay if I may ask? permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 4 points 4 days ago It’s an HSA qualified plan, they recently added copays. $11,000 out of pocket max, about $370/month. Medica, if you’re curious. I’m going to switch to a new provider, because I don’t want to give Minnesota money and they have slightly lower copays and out of pocket. This is for an individual, not a family. Also, I’m 40. And I have $30,000 in my HSA account, so I can cover my ass for at least two years, worst-case. Edit: this is NOT through the exchange. Healthcare.gov and never been typed in my browser. permalink parent award report block reply Naboth 2 points 4 days ago $4300 annual contribution to HSA. If not for the HDHP rule, I could contribute that every year.  Invested in S&P500 fund over the lifetime of employment with a 10% return (lower than historical, when dividends are included), that gives me ~$2,400,000.00 if I retire at 60.  Almost $4 million if I retire at 65.  For families, it becomes over $7.8 million (I would probably eliminate the family HSA rules and just have individual accounts for everyone, including children).  Letting people put their medicare tax money into their HSA instead makes the numbers even more ridiculous. I'm perfectly healthy, so change the rules so I can spend my HSA money on other peoples' health care as well (not just family), or transfer it to other peoples' HSAs.  Eliminate the TIRA / medicare rule so the money stays in the HSAs except for medical expenses only.  A side effect is that after a few years there will be more than enough money in the system to phase out medicare and medicaid. You don't need health insurance; you just need for the government to eliminate the carve outs to insurance companies in the tax code and fix the HSA rules to make them more compatible with (classical) liberal economics and individual choice. Health care was better when it was ran by religious institutions and charities instead of government.  Government isn't going to solve the problems in health care because government literally created those problems.  But with nothing more than a few changes to the tax code, health care could practically be free in a generation. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 5 points 4 days ago not their problem, silly! /s permalink parent award report block reply HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago I am going through this right now.  I think I will be joining an "EOR" next year and getting a commercial Cigna plan.  If you have or can add a business partner (not your wife), you qualify.  DM me if this might help you. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago Aka everyone in Florida permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
Goozmania 10 points 4 days ago They have no plan. They just want to "end it" and cause the entire system to collapse. permalink parent award report block reply ShlomoJoe 7 points 4 days ago Sounds good to me. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 4 days ago It's not good. If ACA were abolished, everyone in the country would lose their healthcare; not just the poor and elderly. permalink parent award report block reply Nomad899 5 points 4 days ago Politicians with no plan…say it isn’t so.   ACA was designed to fail .. coward plivin .. and thus full government single payer commie healthcare and free self deletion when the pain gets to be too much while waiting permalink parent award report block reply
ShlomoJoe 7 points 4 days ago Sounds good to me. permalink parent award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 4 days ago It's not good. If ACA were abolished, everyone in the country would lose their healthcare; not just the poor and elderly. permalink parent award report block reply
Goozmania 1 points 4 days ago It's not good. If ACA were abolished, everyone in the country would lose their healthcare; not just the poor and elderly. permalink parent award report block reply
Nomad899 5 points 4 days ago Politicians with no plan…say it isn’t so.   ACA was designed to fail .. coward plivin .. and thus full government single payer commie healthcare and free self deletion when the pain gets to be too much while waiting permalink parent award report block reply
Eatinglue 7 points 4 days ago Shop around different insurance companies for an individual plan. That’s what I do, I’m self-employed. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief 3 points 4 days ago What does your plan look like and what do you pay if I may ask? permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 4 points 4 days ago It’s an HSA qualified plan, they recently added copays. $11,000 out of pocket max, about $370/month. Medica, if you’re curious. I’m going to switch to a new provider, because I don’t want to give Minnesota money and they have slightly lower copays and out of pocket. This is for an individual, not a family. Also, I’m 40. And I have $30,000 in my HSA account, so I can cover my ass for at least two years, worst-case. Edit: this is NOT through the exchange. Healthcare.gov and never been typed in my browser. permalink parent award report block reply Naboth 2 points 4 days ago $4300 annual contribution to HSA. If not for the HDHP rule, I could contribute that every year.  Invested in S&P500 fund over the lifetime of employment with a 10% return (lower than historical, when dividends are included), that gives me ~$2,400,000.00 if I retire at 60.  Almost $4 million if I retire at 65.  For families, it becomes over $7.8 million (I would probably eliminate the family HSA rules and just have individual accounts for everyone, including children).  Letting people put their medicare tax money into their HSA instead makes the numbers even more ridiculous. I'm perfectly healthy, so change the rules so I can spend my HSA money on other peoples' health care as well (not just family), or transfer it to other peoples' HSAs.  Eliminate the TIRA / medicare rule so the money stays in the HSAs except for medical expenses only.  A side effect is that after a few years there will be more than enough money in the system to phase out medicare and medicaid. You don't need health insurance; you just need for the government to eliminate the carve outs to insurance companies in the tax code and fix the HSA rules to make them more compatible with (classical) liberal economics and individual choice. Health care was better when it was ran by religious institutions and charities instead of government.  Government isn't going to solve the problems in health care because government literally created those problems.  But with nothing more than a few changes to the tax code, health care could practically be free in a generation. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 3 points 4 days ago What does your plan look like and what do you pay if I may ask? permalink parent award report block reply Eatinglue 4 points 4 days ago It’s an HSA qualified plan, they recently added copays. $11,000 out of pocket max, about $370/month. Medica, if you’re curious. I’m going to switch to a new provider, because I don’t want to give Minnesota money and they have slightly lower copays and out of pocket. This is for an individual, not a family. Also, I’m 40. And I have $30,000 in my HSA account, so I can cover my ass for at least two years, worst-case. Edit: this is NOT through the exchange. Healthcare.gov and never been typed in my browser. permalink parent award report block reply Naboth 2 points 4 days ago $4300 annual contribution to HSA. If not for the HDHP rule, I could contribute that every year.  Invested in S&P500 fund over the lifetime of employment with a 10% return (lower than historical, when dividends are included), that gives me ~$2,400,000.00 if I retire at 60.  Almost $4 million if I retire at 65.  For families, it becomes over $7.8 million (I would probably eliminate the family HSA rules and just have individual accounts for everyone, including children).  Letting people put their medicare tax money into their HSA instead makes the numbers even more ridiculous. I'm perfectly healthy, so change the rules so I can spend my HSA money on other peoples' health care as well (not just family), or transfer it to other peoples' HSAs.  Eliminate the TIRA / medicare rule so the money stays in the HSAs except for medical expenses only.  A side effect is that after a few years there will be more than enough money in the system to phase out medicare and medicaid. You don't need health insurance; you just need for the government to eliminate the carve outs to insurance companies in the tax code and fix the HSA rules to make them more compatible with (classical) liberal economics and individual choice. Health care was better when it was ran by religious institutions and charities instead of government.  Government isn't going to solve the problems in health care because government literally created those problems.  But with nothing more than a few changes to the tax code, health care could practically be free in a generation. permalink parent award report block reply
Eatinglue 4 points 4 days ago It’s an HSA qualified plan, they recently added copays. $11,000 out of pocket max, about $370/month. Medica, if you’re curious. I’m going to switch to a new provider, because I don’t want to give Minnesota money and they have slightly lower copays and out of pocket. This is for an individual, not a family. Also, I’m 40. And I have $30,000 in my HSA account, so I can cover my ass for at least two years, worst-case. Edit: this is NOT through the exchange. Healthcare.gov and never been typed in my browser. permalink parent award report block reply Naboth 2 points 4 days ago $4300 annual contribution to HSA. If not for the HDHP rule, I could contribute that every year.  Invested in S&P500 fund over the lifetime of employment with a 10% return (lower than historical, when dividends are included), that gives me ~$2,400,000.00 if I retire at 60.  Almost $4 million if I retire at 65.  For families, it becomes over $7.8 million (I would probably eliminate the family HSA rules and just have individual accounts for everyone, including children).  Letting people put their medicare tax money into their HSA instead makes the numbers even more ridiculous. I'm perfectly healthy, so change the rules so I can spend my HSA money on other peoples' health care as well (not just family), or transfer it to other peoples' HSAs.  Eliminate the TIRA / medicare rule so the money stays in the HSAs except for medical expenses only.  A side effect is that after a few years there will be more than enough money in the system to phase out medicare and medicaid. You don't need health insurance; you just need for the government to eliminate the carve outs to insurance companies in the tax code and fix the HSA rules to make them more compatible with (classical) liberal economics and individual choice. Health care was better when it was ran by religious institutions and charities instead of government.  Government isn't going to solve the problems in health care because government literally created those problems.  But with nothing more than a few changes to the tax code, health care could practically be free in a generation. permalink parent award report block reply
Naboth 2 points 4 days ago $4300 annual contribution to HSA. If not for the HDHP rule, I could contribute that every year.  Invested in S&P500 fund over the lifetime of employment with a 10% return (lower than historical, when dividends are included), that gives me ~$2,400,000.00 if I retire at 60.  Almost $4 million if I retire at 65.  For families, it becomes over $7.8 million (I would probably eliminate the family HSA rules and just have individual accounts for everyone, including children).  Letting people put their medicare tax money into their HSA instead makes the numbers even more ridiculous. I'm perfectly healthy, so change the rules so I can spend my HSA money on other peoples' health care as well (not just family), or transfer it to other peoples' HSAs.  Eliminate the TIRA / medicare rule so the money stays in the HSAs except for medical expenses only.  A side effect is that after a few years there will be more than enough money in the system to phase out medicare and medicaid. You don't need health insurance; you just need for the government to eliminate the carve outs to insurance companies in the tax code and fix the HSA rules to make them more compatible with (classical) liberal economics and individual choice. Health care was better when it was ran by religious institutions and charities instead of government.  Government isn't going to solve the problems in health care because government literally created those problems.  But with nothing more than a few changes to the tax code, health care could practically be free in a generation. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief 5 points 4 days ago not their problem, silly! /s permalink parent award report block reply
HelluvaEngineer 2 points 4 days ago I am going through this right now.  I think I will be joining an "EOR" next year and getting a commercial Cigna plan.  If you have or can add a business partner (not your wife), you qualify.  DM me if this might help you. permalink parent award report block reply
cardinaldrones 1 points 4 days ago Aka everyone in Florida permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 16 points 4 days ago I knew it was awful from day one. I made what memes I could in opposition. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 4 days ago Make moar! permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 1 points 4 days ago Too many Moars already. permalink parent award report block reply TheEdgeOfTheEarth 3 points 4 days ago Good on ya mate, start posting them all over again! permalink parent award report block reply Chickensaurus 1 points 4 days ago Proof that Luigi's method is more effective. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 3 points 4 days ago If he didnt go to McDonald's a week later with all the evidence on him he'd probably never have been caught. Thank God that one employee noticed he was acting suspicious and called the cops. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 4 days ago Make moar! permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 1 points 4 days ago Too many Moars already. permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 1 points 4 days ago Too many Moars already. permalink parent award report block reply
TheEdgeOfTheEarth 3 points 4 days ago Good on ya mate, start posting them all over again! permalink parent award report block reply
Chickensaurus 1 points 4 days ago Proof that Luigi's method is more effective. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 3 points 4 days ago If he didnt go to McDonald's a week later with all the evidence on him he'd probably never have been caught. Thank God that one employee noticed he was acting suspicious and called the cops. permalink parent award report block reply
makersmarx 3 points 4 days ago If he didnt go to McDonald's a week later with all the evidence on him he'd probably never have been caught. Thank God that one employee noticed he was acting suspicious and called the cops. permalink parent award report block reply
RedFoxOnFire 10 points 4 days ago Will John McCain rise from the grave and swoop in to save Obamacare again? permalink award report block reply Roadpower 11 points 4 days ago That alone was a giant reason to hate him. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 6 points 4 days ago I will never forget that shit eating grin on his face as he sold out this country on live tv. Burn in hell traitor permalink parent award report block reply
Roadpower 11 points 4 days ago That alone was a giant reason to hate him. permalink parent award report block reply makersmarx 6 points 4 days ago I will never forget that shit eating grin on his face as he sold out this country on live tv. Burn in hell traitor permalink parent award report block reply
makersmarx 6 points 4 days ago I will never forget that shit eating grin on his face as he sold out this country on live tv. Burn in hell traitor permalink parent award report block reply
billybaldwin2 8 points 4 days ago Should be interesting to see what happens if it does. Stock prices going down? I usually tell places I don't have insurance. They greatly lower their prices. Used to be an EMT. Our city would give free ambulance rides if you didn't have insurance. If you did, well that's about $1,000. Older EMTs said before it was free for no insurance, people would refuse the hospital drive even if we were already there. permalink award report block reply bejeavis 5 points 4 days ago We had an event at a hotel in Washington state that ended in an ambulance ride- the EMS response and transport alone was over 5 thousand dollars. Luckily the hotel's insurer reimbursed us. But all considered it's a total disgrace. Fuck me for being white employed and insured I guess. (And our insurance denied the claim outright because it was "oUt oF nEtWoRk") permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 4 days ago 5K? WTAF? permalink parent award report block reply Hairytacofanatic 2 points 4 days ago Yes. Even in rural KY our rides are base $1000 just for getting in the ambulance. Then your charged per mile. You really wanna be mind fucked look at air evacs. Those usually get billed to the insurance for a cool 100k permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 1 points 4 days ago Holy shit permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago True. I had a friend that unfortunately had an accident, and had to be transported by air. He ended up paying something like 53,000.00, after he got them to come down. He didn't have insurance, because he constantly touted how healthy he was......Talk about penny wise and pound foolish... permalink parent award report block reply
bejeavis 5 points 4 days ago We had an event at a hotel in Washington state that ended in an ambulance ride- the EMS response and transport alone was over 5 thousand dollars. Luckily the hotel's insurer reimbursed us. But all considered it's a total disgrace. Fuck me for being white employed and insured I guess. (And our insurance denied the claim outright because it was "oUt oF nEtWoRk") permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 2 points 4 days ago 5K? WTAF? permalink parent award report block reply Hairytacofanatic 2 points 4 days ago Yes. Even in rural KY our rides are base $1000 just for getting in the ambulance. Then your charged per mile. You really wanna be mind fucked look at air evacs. Those usually get billed to the insurance for a cool 100k permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 1 points 4 days ago Holy shit permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago True. I had a friend that unfortunately had an accident, and had to be transported by air. He ended up paying something like 53,000.00, after he got them to come down. He didn't have insurance, because he constantly touted how healthy he was......Talk about penny wise and pound foolish... permalink parent award report block reply
Sparks1017 2 points 4 days ago 5K? WTAF? permalink parent award report block reply Hairytacofanatic 2 points 4 days ago Yes. Even in rural KY our rides are base $1000 just for getting in the ambulance. Then your charged per mile. You really wanna be mind fucked look at air evacs. Those usually get billed to the insurance for a cool 100k permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 1 points 4 days ago Holy shit permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago True. I had a friend that unfortunately had an accident, and had to be transported by air. He ended up paying something like 53,000.00, after he got them to come down. He didn't have insurance, because he constantly touted how healthy he was......Talk about penny wise and pound foolish... permalink parent award report block reply
Hairytacofanatic 2 points 4 days ago Yes. Even in rural KY our rides are base $1000 just for getting in the ambulance. Then your charged per mile. You really wanna be mind fucked look at air evacs. Those usually get billed to the insurance for a cool 100k permalink parent award report block reply Sparks1017 1 points 4 days ago Holy shit permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago True. I had a friend that unfortunately had an accident, and had to be transported by air. He ended up paying something like 53,000.00, after he got them to come down. He didn't have insurance, because he constantly touted how healthy he was......Talk about penny wise and pound foolish... permalink parent award report block reply
Sparks1017 1 points 4 days ago Holy shit permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 0 points 4 days ago True. I had a friend that unfortunately had an accident, and had to be transported by air. He ended up paying something like 53,000.00, after he got them to come down. He didn't have insurance, because he constantly touted how healthy he was......Talk about penny wise and pound foolish... permalink parent award report block reply
AVeryNakedMan 8 points 4 days ago It's not good enough to go back to what we had right before Obamacare. That sucked too and healthcare prices were already unaffordable back then. We need massive free market reforms to bring prices down. Stop giving a shit about all the leftwing media and leftwing leeches who will cry about losing their handouts. Just fucking do it. permalink award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 6 points 4 days ago So is he's saying that basically the subsidies remain, but instead they are sent to the people to choose what services they want, as a way to force insurance companies to compete? permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago Which would result in people being sold even crappier policies than Obamacare, but for the same price tag, since it would take a person with expertise and experience in reading private medical insurance policies fine print to spot the differences and loopholes. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 4 days ago Perhaps, but I do wonder, if that person could spend that money on whatever they want, meaning the subsidy wasn't ensured to the insurance company, I guess that makes it an UBI, they would have to prove the value of their product, otherwise people will spend their money elsewhere. Also, plans and policies are pretty crappy as is. And, who doesn't read contracts that they sign? To get into a website, I click the "I accept" without reading, but a major contract like this, you gotta read it, or let a lawyer explain it, or at least let an Ai read it and point out anything that may seem anomalous. Also, if I'm I given the money directly, its going straight into a Mutual Insurance model, or a Takaful to see if I can ruffle anybodies feathers, where it can also make me money if I never end up using the assistance. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Your average person doesn't have a lawyer and doesn't read what they sign, or if they read it, actually understand it, I am sorry to say. And even then, many average attorneys'  skills at evaluating industry specific contracts is hit and miss, at best. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Well, for those that can't afford it, there is always Ai, but I paid $250 to have the last major contract I signed reviewed, with suggested amendments, but it was only about 14 pages long so I'd imagine a health contract review would be about double+, so ya, I see the issue. Still, if you read a few contracts, read online how they work, use the Ai to help you research what these lines mean, you may not understand every bit, but its better than not understanding any of it at all. What happens when you get to your in-network dentist office, and they don't want to abide by the contract and attempt to overcharge beyond the maximum out of pocket for just about every service? I have a buddy's mom currently in this ordeal, but it looks like the insurance company has begun an audit into the dentists office and she got here excess payment back. She raised hell in the dentist office, even her son and husband were embarrassed and just wanted to get out of there, but it turns out her anger with the receptionist was warranted as it turned out to be billing fraud and she has been getting overcharged for years. This receptionist I heard became rather vile when called out, demanding that she hang up the phone with her insurance company, telling her that wouldn't change the bill, from what I heard it became a yelling contest with Jack just walking back to his truck (which she's mad about because no one took her side until the insurance company did, she can be a bit dramatic). I'd say that this problem already exists in society, and not just healthcare, if you don't know your contracts, all of them, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot without even knowing it happened. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 3 points 4 days ago Which would result in people being sold even crappier policies than Obamacare, but for the same price tag, since it would take a person with expertise and experience in reading private medical insurance policies fine print to spot the differences and loopholes. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 4 days ago Perhaps, but I do wonder, if that person could spend that money on whatever they want, meaning the subsidy wasn't ensured to the insurance company, I guess that makes it an UBI, they would have to prove the value of their product, otherwise people will spend their money elsewhere. Also, plans and policies are pretty crappy as is. And, who doesn't read contracts that they sign? To get into a website, I click the "I accept" without reading, but a major contract like this, you gotta read it, or let a lawyer explain it, or at least let an Ai read it and point out anything that may seem anomalous. Also, if I'm I given the money directly, its going straight into a Mutual Insurance model, or a Takaful to see if I can ruffle anybodies feathers, where it can also make me money if I never end up using the assistance. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Your average person doesn't have a lawyer and doesn't read what they sign, or if they read it, actually understand it, I am sorry to say. And even then, many average attorneys'  skills at evaluating industry specific contracts is hit and miss, at best. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Well, for those that can't afford it, there is always Ai, but I paid $250 to have the last major contract I signed reviewed, with suggested amendments, but it was only about 14 pages long so I'd imagine a health contract review would be about double+, so ya, I see the issue. Still, if you read a few contracts, read online how they work, use the Ai to help you research what these lines mean, you may not understand every bit, but its better than not understanding any of it at all. What happens when you get to your in-network dentist office, and they don't want to abide by the contract and attempt to overcharge beyond the maximum out of pocket for just about every service? I have a buddy's mom currently in this ordeal, but it looks like the insurance company has begun an audit into the dentists office and she got here excess payment back. She raised hell in the dentist office, even her son and husband were embarrassed and just wanted to get out of there, but it turns out her anger with the receptionist was warranted as it turned out to be billing fraud and she has been getting overcharged for years. This receptionist I heard became rather vile when called out, demanding that she hang up the phone with her insurance company, telling her that wouldn't change the bill, from what I heard it became a yelling contest with Jack just walking back to his truck (which she's mad about because no one took her side until the insurance company did, she can be a bit dramatic). I'd say that this problem already exists in society, and not just healthcare, if you don't know your contracts, all of them, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot without even knowing it happened. permalink parent award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 1 points 4 days ago Perhaps, but I do wonder, if that person could spend that money on whatever they want, meaning the subsidy wasn't ensured to the insurance company, I guess that makes it an UBI, they would have to prove the value of their product, otherwise people will spend their money elsewhere. Also, plans and policies are pretty crappy as is. And, who doesn't read contracts that they sign? To get into a website, I click the "I accept" without reading, but a major contract like this, you gotta read it, or let a lawyer explain it, or at least let an Ai read it and point out anything that may seem anomalous. Also, if I'm I given the money directly, its going straight into a Mutual Insurance model, or a Takaful to see if I can ruffle anybodies feathers, where it can also make me money if I never end up using the assistance. permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Your average person doesn't have a lawyer and doesn't read what they sign, or if they read it, actually understand it, I am sorry to say. And even then, many average attorneys'  skills at evaluating industry specific contracts is hit and miss, at best. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Well, for those that can't afford it, there is always Ai, but I paid $250 to have the last major contract I signed reviewed, with suggested amendments, but it was only about 14 pages long so I'd imagine a health contract review would be about double+, so ya, I see the issue. Still, if you read a few contracts, read online how they work, use the Ai to help you research what these lines mean, you may not understand every bit, but its better than not understanding any of it at all. What happens when you get to your in-network dentist office, and they don't want to abide by the contract and attempt to overcharge beyond the maximum out of pocket for just about every service? I have a buddy's mom currently in this ordeal, but it looks like the insurance company has begun an audit into the dentists office and she got here excess payment back. She raised hell in the dentist office, even her son and husband were embarrassed and just wanted to get out of there, but it turns out her anger with the receptionist was warranted as it turned out to be billing fraud and she has been getting overcharged for years. This receptionist I heard became rather vile when called out, demanding that she hang up the phone with her insurance company, telling her that wouldn't change the bill, from what I heard it became a yelling contest with Jack just walking back to his truck (which she's mad about because no one took her side until the insurance company did, she can be a bit dramatic). I'd say that this problem already exists in society, and not just healthcare, if you don't know your contracts, all of them, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot without even knowing it happened. permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Your average person doesn't have a lawyer and doesn't read what they sign, or if they read it, actually understand it, I am sorry to say. And even then, many average attorneys'  skills at evaluating industry specific contracts is hit and miss, at best. permalink parent award report block reply ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Well, for those that can't afford it, there is always Ai, but I paid $250 to have the last major contract I signed reviewed, with suggested amendments, but it was only about 14 pages long so I'd imagine a health contract review would be about double+, so ya, I see the issue. Still, if you read a few contracts, read online how they work, use the Ai to help you research what these lines mean, you may not understand every bit, but its better than not understanding any of it at all. What happens when you get to your in-network dentist office, and they don't want to abide by the contract and attempt to overcharge beyond the maximum out of pocket for just about every service? I have a buddy's mom currently in this ordeal, but it looks like the insurance company has begun an audit into the dentists office and she got here excess payment back. She raised hell in the dentist office, even her son and husband were embarrassed and just wanted to get out of there, but it turns out her anger with the receptionist was warranted as it turned out to be billing fraud and she has been getting overcharged for years. This receptionist I heard became rather vile when called out, demanding that she hang up the phone with her insurance company, telling her that wouldn't change the bill, from what I heard it became a yelling contest with Jack just walking back to his truck (which she's mad about because no one took her side until the insurance company did, she can be a bit dramatic). I'd say that this problem already exists in society, and not just healthcare, if you don't know your contracts, all of them, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot without even knowing it happened. permalink parent award report block reply
ProfessorJagoff 1 points 3 days ago Well, for those that can't afford it, there is always Ai, but I paid $250 to have the last major contract I signed reviewed, with suggested amendments, but it was only about 14 pages long so I'd imagine a health contract review would be about double+, so ya, I see the issue. Still, if you read a few contracts, read online how they work, use the Ai to help you research what these lines mean, you may not understand every bit, but its better than not understanding any of it at all. What happens when you get to your in-network dentist office, and they don't want to abide by the contract and attempt to overcharge beyond the maximum out of pocket for just about every service? I have a buddy's mom currently in this ordeal, but it looks like the insurance company has begun an audit into the dentists office and she got here excess payment back. She raised hell in the dentist office, even her son and husband were embarrassed and just wanted to get out of there, but it turns out her anger with the receptionist was warranted as it turned out to be billing fraud and she has been getting overcharged for years. This receptionist I heard became rather vile when called out, demanding that she hang up the phone with her insurance company, telling her that wouldn't change the bill, from what I heard it became a yelling contest with Jack just walking back to his truck (which she's mad about because no one took her side until the insurance company did, she can be a bit dramatic). I'd say that this problem already exists in society, and not just healthcare, if you don't know your contracts, all of them, you're gonna shoot yourself in the foot without even knowing it happened. permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 6 points 4 days ago The tea party failed so MAGA could shine permalink award report block reply AppalachianTactical 9 points 4 days ago MAGA is not shining at all. Tea party was subverted.
Maga is subverted. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 4 days ago Sadly correct .. kind of. It and America First lives on within us but  the liars in charge (and their mouth pieces) only pretend to be MAGA/AF. But they do appease us with political baubles but it seems like we are down to one bauble that they aren't pursuing hard enough which is mass deportations. EDIT: and maybe election system fixes. If they can get those two cemented in we might be able to hold our nose for the other stuff they are failing on. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 4 points 4 days ago 25% of what should be the most consequential term gone and not much done except shit for israel and legacy building. Maybe ill ve surprised in the next three but im not particularly counting on it. If i qas trumps age and in an absolute power position with a super majority id be removing every illegal and giving anericans and ice agents big money bonuses for help. I guess everyone, no matter the age, thinks "i cant risk this life, i prob have 25 more years." Plus i thinj israel is giving him pat on the back wins and he thinks he will have some global legacy instead of what it should have been, saving the west. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 2 points 4 days ago Agreed, I don't think the people in this administration realize how consequential their period of time is. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 9 points 4 days ago MAGA is not shining at all. Tea party was subverted.
Maga is subverted. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 3 points 4 days ago Sadly correct .. kind of. It and America First lives on within us but  the liars in charge (and their mouth pieces) only pretend to be MAGA/AF. But they do appease us with political baubles but it seems like we are down to one bauble that they aren't pursuing hard enough which is mass deportations. EDIT: and maybe election system fixes. If they can get those two cemented in we might be able to hold our nose for the other stuff they are failing on. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 4 points 4 days ago 25% of what should be the most consequential term gone and not much done except shit for israel and legacy building. Maybe ill ve surprised in the next three but im not particularly counting on it. If i qas trumps age and in an absolute power position with a super majority id be removing every illegal and giving anericans and ice agents big money bonuses for help. I guess everyone, no matter the age, thinks "i cant risk this life, i prob have 25 more years." Plus i thinj israel is giving him pat on the back wins and he thinks he will have some global legacy instead of what it should have been, saving the west. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 2 points 4 days ago Agreed, I don't think the people in this administration realize how consequential their period of time is. permalink parent award report block reply
Roadpower 3 points 4 days ago Sadly correct .. kind of. It and America First lives on within us but  the liars in charge (and their mouth pieces) only pretend to be MAGA/AF. But they do appease us with political baubles but it seems like we are down to one bauble that they aren't pursuing hard enough which is mass deportations. EDIT: and maybe election system fixes. If they can get those two cemented in we might be able to hold our nose for the other stuff they are failing on. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 4 points 4 days ago 25% of what should be the most consequential term gone and not much done except shit for israel and legacy building. Maybe ill ve surprised in the next three but im not particularly counting on it. If i qas trumps age and in an absolute power position with a super majority id be removing every illegal and giving anericans and ice agents big money bonuses for help. I guess everyone, no matter the age, thinks "i cant risk this life, i prob have 25 more years." Plus i thinj israel is giving him pat on the back wins and he thinks he will have some global legacy instead of what it should have been, saving the west. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 2 points 4 days ago Agreed, I don't think the people in this administration realize how consequential their period of time is. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 4 points 4 days ago 25% of what should be the most consequential term gone and not much done except shit for israel and legacy building. Maybe ill ve surprised in the next three but im not particularly counting on it. If i qas trumps age and in an absolute power position with a super majority id be removing every illegal and giving anericans and ice agents big money bonuses for help. I guess everyone, no matter the age, thinks "i cant risk this life, i prob have 25 more years." Plus i thinj israel is giving him pat on the back wins and he thinks he will have some global legacy instead of what it should have been, saving the west. permalink parent award report block reply Roadpower 2 points 4 days ago Agreed, I don't think the people in this administration realize how consequential their period of time is. permalink parent award report block reply
Roadpower 2 points 4 days ago Agreed, I don't think the people in this administration realize how consequential their period of time is. permalink parent award report block reply
gunzby 5 points 4 days ago Obamacare is the primary reason I say Obama is the worst President of my lifetime. It completely fucked my insurance and will continue to be fucked for the rest of my life because the Republicans don't have the sack to get rid of it. Was talking to someone about this where they sarcastically said that premiums were up only 85% since inception. I said that number is dishonest because the average plan in 2010 actually covered stuff compared to today. The plan I had in 2010 covered stuff and is up 1200% since. What I have now covers nothing and is up about 100% compared to what I had permalink award report block reply AvYka 0 points 4 days ago What plan? permalink parent award report block reply gunzby 1 points 3 days ago Insurance plan. What I had prior to ACA was $750 deductible, $20 copay and no maximum on insurance payouts for $15 a week. That plan last year was $175 a week. What I have now is a $3500 deductible and $8000 moop and nothing other than physicals covered until I reach that deductible for $30 a week permalink parent award report block reply
AvYka 0 points 4 days ago What plan? permalink parent award report block reply gunzby 1 points 3 days ago Insurance plan. What I had prior to ACA was $750 deductible, $20 copay and no maximum on insurance payouts for $15 a week. That plan last year was $175 a week. What I have now is a $3500 deductible and $8000 moop and nothing other than physicals covered until I reach that deductible for $30 a week permalink parent award report block reply
gunzby 1 points 3 days ago Insurance plan. What I had prior to ACA was $750 deductible, $20 copay and no maximum on insurance payouts for $15 a week. That plan last year was $175 a week. What I have now is a $3500 deductible and $8000 moop and nothing other than physicals covered until I reach that deductible for $30 a week permalink parent award report block reply
hughjasske69 5 points 4 days ago I wish I could purchase a emergency only plan.....  I don't need dental or optical I can pay for that out of pocket.  I don't use any prescriptions and I don't go to the doctor because I'm fucking healthy.  I want to cover emergencies. If I fall and break my arm or break a leg or break a hip or have to go to the emergency room or end up with cancer. Everything else I'll pay for thank you very much permalink award report block reply ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago This is how insurance should work in general but people are too stupid to take care of themselves so they add all that extra shit in permalink parent award report block reply
ADAM_SCHITT 1 points 4 days ago This is how insurance should work in general but people are too stupid to take care of themselves so they add all that extra shit in permalink parent award report block reply
Sparks1017 4 points 4 days ago I've been calling to end Obongo since 2009. He needs to be hanged permalink award report block reply
kfunny91 4 points 4 days ago this should have been dealt with years ago. permalink award report block reply
Light_HIV_Effect 3 points 4 days ago The problem with any of these programs is once in place you can never get rid of them. I'm surprised a bit they didn't just go for single payer when they had the super majority, but they've rooted out all the moderates from the party and platform, they're sure to go for it. permalink award report block reply
cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago Ban employers from subsidizing it.  That’s the only way we can guarantee it won’t be attached to employment at a big company again.  Which is what got us into this mess.  It kept small business owners, part time workers, and people on southern states where it’s not offered out of the system,  so as long as it’s not going to
Back to leaving those people out. But seriously ending without replacement is going to cost the midterms and any future election for sure . It might even cause Florida to swing blue for the first time in decades.  Florida is the reason why Obamacare is so expensive it’s the number one consumer by far because it’s
Not offered at a lot of jobs and people work for themselves.  It’s unfortunately the small business state because no big businesses want to
Hire here. permalink award report block reply
hey_spike 2 points 4 days ago Is government program gets no money, does it really exist? permalink award report block reply
Wanderlust 2 points 4 days ago Pair it with an end to IRS and Healthcare will finally be on the road to free market. permalink award report block reply
Moose_Antlers 2 points 4 days ago Be careful when you do this. There are some things in the ACA worth keeping. Some of the investments in technology and some of the standardizations that allow EHRs to work the way they do have been a huge benefit. More directly, if you work gigs or are between jobs or are self-employed you still need healthcare. You still want insurance. The most expensive person to insure is the party of 1 because none of your risks are distributed across a large population. You pay the highest price. You get futtbucked because that's just the way the math to calculate your risk works out. ACA created the marketplace. It pooled all of those people into one group and spread out their risk. They're easier to insure as a result. That's a good thing. It made the base cost to the entire system lower. If we get rid of ACA (which I wholeheartedly would LOVE to see), we need to have a better replacement plan. Republicans don't have such a plan. None of them do. Do not start demolition without a plan and funds to renovate the place into something better. permalink award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Exactly. Killing off Obamacare, however crappy, is political suicide in a country with an aging, sicker population, and with no viable alternative that is workable being ready to go. Healthcare is Republican kryptonite without a workable alternative. You might as well hand the keys of the government to the Democrats in the coming elections, if that's the plan. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago Yes I totally agree.  Just ban employers from being involved period, then we can talk about the  free market reforms.  As long as employers are covering the real price it’s always going
To
Be messed up permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Couldn't agree more. It's just another piece of the puzzle of why our system is so expensive and fucked up. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago It’s so annoying that republicans can’t be the ones solving actual problems.  it could be something  be as simple as banning hospitals from charging any one different prices for a procedure whether they are insurance or cash payers  or part of their rigging scheme called “networks.”   But they won’t even do that.  Or even arrest an employee for
Hiring illegals. At least the Democrats will acknowledge a problem, campaign on it , then implement some batshit crazy unsustainable thing.   They might be retarded, but it’s like the retard that at least tries. Then only when they ruin it and the  Republicans are forced to clean up the mess will-something better be proposed.  Otherwise republicans  won’t even acknowledge the issues permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Exactly. Killing off Obamacare, however crappy, is political suicide in a country with an aging, sicker population, and with no viable alternative that is workable being ready to go. Healthcare is Republican kryptonite without a workable alternative. You might as well hand the keys of the government to the Democrats in the coming elections, if that's the plan. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago Yes I totally agree.  Just ban employers from being involved period, then we can talk about the  free market reforms.  As long as employers are covering the real price it’s always going
To
Be messed up permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Couldn't agree more. It's just another piece of the puzzle of why our system is so expensive and fucked up. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago It’s so annoying that republicans can’t be the ones solving actual problems.  it could be something  be as simple as banning hospitals from charging any one different prices for a procedure whether they are insurance or cash payers  or part of their rigging scheme called “networks.”   But they won’t even do that.  Or even arrest an employee for
Hiring illegals. At least the Democrats will acknowledge a problem, campaign on it , then implement some batshit crazy unsustainable thing.   They might be retarded, but it’s like the retard that at least tries. Then only when they ruin it and the  Republicans are forced to clean up the mess will-something better be proposed.  Otherwise republicans  won’t even acknowledge the issues permalink parent award report block reply
cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago Yes I totally agree.  Just ban employers from being involved period, then we can talk about the  free market reforms.  As long as employers are covering the real price it’s always going
To
Be messed up permalink parent award report block reply thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Couldn't agree more. It's just another piece of the puzzle of why our system is so expensive and fucked up. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago It’s so annoying that republicans can’t be the ones solving actual problems.  it could be something  be as simple as banning hospitals from charging any one different prices for a procedure whether they are insurance or cash payers  or part of their rigging scheme called “networks.”   But they won’t even do that.  Or even arrest an employee for
Hiring illegals. At least the Democrats will acknowledge a problem, campaign on it , then implement some batshit crazy unsustainable thing.   They might be retarded, but it’s like the retard that at least tries. Then only when they ruin it and the  Republicans are forced to clean up the mess will-something better be proposed.  Otherwise republicans  won’t even acknowledge the issues permalink parent award report block reply
thunderpussy 2 points 4 days ago Couldn't agree more. It's just another piece of the puzzle of why our system is so expensive and fucked up. permalink parent award report block reply cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago It’s so annoying that republicans can’t be the ones solving actual problems.  it could be something  be as simple as banning hospitals from charging any one different prices for a procedure whether they are insurance or cash payers  or part of their rigging scheme called “networks.”   But they won’t even do that.  Or even arrest an employee for
Hiring illegals. At least the Democrats will acknowledge a problem, campaign on it , then implement some batshit crazy unsustainable thing.   They might be retarded, but it’s like the retard that at least tries. Then only when they ruin it and the  Republicans are forced to clean up the mess will-something better be proposed.  Otherwise republicans  won’t even acknowledge the issues permalink parent award report block reply
cardinaldrones 2 points 4 days ago It’s so annoying that republicans can’t be the ones solving actual problems.  it could be something  be as simple as banning hospitals from charging any one different prices for a procedure whether they are insurance or cash payers  or part of their rigging scheme called “networks.”   But they won’t even do that.  Or even arrest an employee for
Hiring illegals. At least the Democrats will acknowledge a problem, campaign on it , then implement some batshit crazy unsustainable thing.   They might be retarded, but it’s like the retard that at least tries. Then only when they ruin it and the  Republicans are forced to clean up the mess will-something better be proposed.  Otherwise republicans  won’t even acknowledge the issues permalink parent award report block reply
DingleBalls 1 points 4 days ago Would love.it codified that "single payer" healthcare is forever illegal nationwide permalink award report block reply
hey_spike 1 points 4 days ago Sen John McCain has not entered the chat. permalink award report block reply
Agent_86 1 points 4 days ago Welp there goes my HI permalink award report block reply
tuaris 1 points 4 days ago It needs to be done permalink award report block reply
Cuttinmuffins 1 points 4 days ago Trump sure calls for a lot of stuff when he could use the power he has to prosecute the folks that stole elecection after election, ran the country through the instillation of a brain damaged POTUS, and ruled the US through a semi successful coup. I guess it's better to plead with them for their  help in beating themselves somehow? permalink award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 4 days ago https://archive.is/U6GVa permalink award report block reply
readonly-polarbear 1 points 4 days ago DO IT FAGGOT DO IT permalink award report block reply
Yignuced 1 points 4 days ago Me too permalink award report block reply
NoMaskNoMaster 1 points 3 days ago Can someone please explain what it actually is? I was far too busy not giving a fuck back then to even know what or why Obamacare is bad permalink award report block reply
weltallic 1 points 4 days ago While ICE agents are being attacked, rammed, and literally shot at. permalink award report block reply
keeman 1 points 3 days ago Finally.  Some swamp draining.  Lindsay Graham will disapprove. permalink award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago Id only support this as an effort to force dems to remove illegals from healthcare. I actually dont mind to help real americans, only neocon zionist boomers care about the miniscule price covering actual americans would cost. Stop funding israel and foreign countries and remove all illegals and h1bs and it costs pennies to give the poor healthcare. permalink award report block reply MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago I feel the same about SNAP. Get rid of the abusers, but there are legitimate Americans that need it. I have property in a very rural area that is beyond poverty stricken. It's a dilapidated mobile home community shared with recreation land that has been destroyed by multiple storms and shoddily recovered. We do what we can as a community to help our neighbors, but we can't feed 200 families. These are good hearted genuine Americans, and they love their country. The schools are terrible and the jobs are scarce, outside of Walmart/Dollar General/Caseys. Many of them are stuck in multigenerational poverty and many unfortunately turn to drugs and excessive alcohol to cope. It only further engrains them in a vicious cycle. It's sad. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Lately ive been getting a feeling like Trump us walking out the clock until some event catalyst that allows them to shove through whatever like 9/11. Dont get me wrong I voted for the dude 3 times but its just the feeling ive been getting lately. The only thing hes done this term is war for israel, give Iran motive for an attack, bring qataris into a US airvase, now the govt is shutdown so we have less monitoring and Israel is saying Iran is working on missiles for revenge, this stooge yarmulke wearing muslum in NYC. Now stillness that feels like waiting. I wouldnt be surprised if we get something worse than 9/11, honestly wouldnt ve surprised if we get dirty bombed or nuked and they lay it on Iran. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yeah, i grew up in WV, OH, TN and Kentucky so i know that with just minimum checks and balances you could make snap and healthcare subsidies for the poor work. Because poor white appalachians I know wouldnt complain at all if they had to prove they use it legitimately. Id almosy say rations for snap but I know the govt would then start giving the absolute shittiest meat and cheese. But it should be limited abd maybe part of it come in bulk ration so we know absolutely that poor kids at lwast have a bucket of rice and pasta and stuff even if a shitty parent sold off the money for the rest of ingreduents. Like 75% ebt 25% basic rations of pasta, bread, etc. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Illegals aren’t allowed in the ACA. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yes i know, but qith the shutdown being because dems want to give them healthcare, i wonder if bringing up ACA now isnt doubling down on that refusal. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Literally the only things the dems have asked for is funding the ACA. Maybe actually look into what’s going on instead of just deep throating what you’re told because it’s what you want to hear. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago You are arguing with yourself. Your comment doesnt negate anything i said. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
MasterChief 4 points 4 days ago I feel the same about SNAP. Get rid of the abusers, but there are legitimate Americans that need it. I have property in a very rural area that is beyond poverty stricken. It's a dilapidated mobile home community shared with recreation land that has been destroyed by multiple storms and shoddily recovered. We do what we can as a community to help our neighbors, but we can't feed 200 families. These are good hearted genuine Americans, and they love their country. The schools are terrible and the jobs are scarce, outside of Walmart/Dollar General/Caseys. Many of them are stuck in multigenerational poverty and many unfortunately turn to drugs and excessive alcohol to cope. It only further engrains them in a vicious cycle. It's sad. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Lately ive been getting a feeling like Trump us walking out the clock until some event catalyst that allows them to shove through whatever like 9/11. Dont get me wrong I voted for the dude 3 times but its just the feeling ive been getting lately. The only thing hes done this term is war for israel, give Iran motive for an attack, bring qataris into a US airvase, now the govt is shutdown so we have less monitoring and Israel is saying Iran is working on missiles for revenge, this stooge yarmulke wearing muslum in NYC. Now stillness that feels like waiting. I wouldnt be surprised if we get something worse than 9/11, honestly wouldnt ve surprised if we get dirty bombed or nuked and they lay it on Iran. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yeah, i grew up in WV, OH, TN and Kentucky so i know that with just minimum checks and balances you could make snap and healthcare subsidies for the poor work. Because poor white appalachians I know wouldnt complain at all if they had to prove they use it legitimately. Id almosy say rations for snap but I know the govt would then start giving the absolute shittiest meat and cheese. But it should be limited abd maybe part of it come in bulk ration so we know absolutely that poor kids at lwast have a bucket of rice and pasta and stuff even if a shitty parent sold off the money for the rest of ingreduents. Like 75% ebt 25% basic rations of pasta, bread, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Lately ive been getting a feeling like Trump us walking out the clock until some event catalyst that allows them to shove through whatever like 9/11. Dont get me wrong I voted for the dude 3 times but its just the feeling ive been getting lately. The only thing hes done this term is war for israel, give Iran motive for an attack, bring qataris into a US airvase, now the govt is shutdown so we have less monitoring and Israel is saying Iran is working on missiles for revenge, this stooge yarmulke wearing muslum in NYC. Now stillness that feels like waiting. I wouldnt be surprised if we get something worse than 9/11, honestly wouldnt ve surprised if we get dirty bombed or nuked and they lay it on Iran. permalink parent award report block reply
AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yeah, i grew up in WV, OH, TN and Kentucky so i know that with just minimum checks and balances you could make snap and healthcare subsidies for the poor work. Because poor white appalachians I know wouldnt complain at all if they had to prove they use it legitimately. Id almosy say rations for snap but I know the govt would then start giving the absolute shittiest meat and cheese. But it should be limited abd maybe part of it come in bulk ration so we know absolutely that poor kids at lwast have a bucket of rice and pasta and stuff even if a shitty parent sold off the money for the rest of ingreduents. Like 75% ebt 25% basic rations of pasta, bread, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Illegals aren’t allowed in the ACA. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yes i know, but qith the shutdown being because dems want to give them healthcare, i wonder if bringing up ACA now isnt doubling down on that refusal. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Literally the only things the dems have asked for is funding the ACA. Maybe actually look into what’s going on instead of just deep throating what you’re told because it’s what you want to hear. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago You are arguing with yourself. Your comment doesnt negate anything i said. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
AppalachianTactical 0 points 4 days ago Yes i know, but qith the shutdown being because dems want to give them healthcare, i wonder if bringing up ACA now isnt doubling down on that refusal. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Literally the only things the dems have asked for is funding the ACA. Maybe actually look into what’s going on instead of just deep throating what you’re told because it’s what you want to hear. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago You are arguing with yourself. Your comment doesnt negate anything i said. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
HoganT 0 points 4 days ago Literally the only things the dems have asked for is funding the ACA. Maybe actually look into what’s going on instead of just deep throating what you’re told because it’s what you want to hear. permalink parent award report block reply AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago You are arguing with yourself. Your comment doesnt negate anything i said. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
AppalachianTactical 1 points 4 days ago You are arguing with yourself. Your comment doesnt negate anything i said. permalink parent award report block reply view 3 more comments...
CanadianMeathead 1 points 4 days ago Trumpcare permalink award report block reply
FreedomFlowerDelta 1 points 4 days ago Weird...everyone was quite about health insurance rape for about 4years permalink award report block reply
PeterThielAntiChrist 1 points 3 days ago kill AC = 20 years of democrat party domination permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 4 days ago The cucks in Congress will do nothing... permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 1 points 4 days ago Don't be a McStain on our Republic permalink award report block reply
Trumpy_Bear 1 points 4 days ago When are we going to just start allowing health insurance and all medical spending to be written off of income? We have Dems keep claiming to want to tax the rich and not the poor, playing dumb games with the nominal rate, while ignoring all the dumb shit in the tax code. You could probably have the rule I just said above, and/or a standard deduction of $50,000, and actually pull in more tax revenue just by incentivizing employers to hire more permalink award report block reply
Trajano 1 points 4 days ago Yes. permalink award report block reply
HockeyMom4Trump 1 points 3 days ago Do IT! Not two more weeks. permalink award report block reply
Trumpy_Bear 0 points 4 days ago I dunno, man, I like being able to just buy health insurance. I haven't been working in a while but I have significant money, and buying policies has worked well for me.  I may be mistaken, but way back when just buying insurance was an issue, and doctors wouldn't even take people without insurance even if you could pay out of pocket permalink award report block reply
HankScorpio 0 points 4 days ago They're pushing a narrative that funding health insurance is too expensive while increasing the military's budgets and giving Isrl billilons? lol. Wow. permalink award report block reply
The_RedWolf 0 points 4 days ago "Trump calls for plan to have democrats retake congress in 2026" is what that headline should read. Since more republicans use the ACA, and independent voters have a high favorability on it (overall population is 64% favorable), it would lead to a democrat voter swing if it was implemented for Jan 1 2026 (~50 days from now) Jan 1 2027 would have way less effects since there is more time to adjust, rollout programs and companies to adjust pricing. If you think ObamaCare is bad, wait until ChuckCare 2027 gets through the Filibuster-less senate.  It could be so much worse. 22 Republican Senate seats vs 13 Democrat Senate seats are up in 2026 permalink award report block reply
Spawnlingman 0 points 4 days ago Their going to waste his full four years with judges just saying no to anything he wants to do.   Nothing is being done about it.  Slow burn. permalink award report block reply
Amway 0 points 4 days ago This shutdown is only one person's fault! McCain! permalink award report block reply
oilybohunkofshit 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
RetardIsMyMiddleName 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply