1398 Presler:California is collecting signatures to get voter ID on the ballot for 2026. Oregon is collecting signatures to end automatic vote by mail. Washington State is collecting signatures to require proof of citizenship for voter registration.I’ll be traveling to each of these including New Mexico. posted 4 days ago by Mr_Rightside 75 comments award share report block ThePersistence @ScottPresler • 4d 🚨The Pathway Forward🚨 There are 26 states that have citizen-initiated measures to get voter ID on the ballot or provide for election security. California is collecting signatures to get voter ID on the ballot for 2026. Oregon is collecting signatures to end automatic vote
75 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save NotYourMan 34 points 4 days ago Lets make it happen.  1) voter ID, 2) QR code on each ballot that linked voter to ballot for after counting audits (don't need to know the vote details; just the voter ID and ballot), 3) no ballot harvesting, 4) no drop off boxes (the cheat we discovered with 2000 mules), 5) limits mail in ballots, 6) no illegal aliens voting, 7) no AUTO signup to vote at DMV. permalink award report block reply Mr_Rightside OP 18 points 4 days ago California Benny Johnson: We’re heading to California to kickstart the revival. The state has the largest Republican population in America, but no voter ID. That’s how Gavin Newsom’s machine survives. In 2026, that changes. 875,000 signatures puts voter ID on the ballot. Democrats can’t fight it, Wisconsin proved that. They passed voter ID, cleaned up elections, and President Trump won with ease. Now it’s California’s turn. We are getting voter ID on the ballot, giving Republicans a voice, saving the state, and changing politics forever. 541,237/875,000 signatures collected since October 5th. 68% Support Voter ID for Casting a Ballot. 79% Support Citizenship Verification for Voting. 112 days left to sign. Sign here. Washington Initiative Measure No. IL26-126 Oregon Initiative 37 permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 9 points 4 days ago I would definitely vote yes on no mail in voting in Oregon. But the metro areas with all the libtards will out-vote all the rest of the rural state. But I'd vote for it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago you know the east likely won't vote to end it either, let's be honest. permalink parent award report block reply Tacotuesday867 2 points 4 days ago Its almost like deep down they know they could never win without illegal votes lol permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 4 days ago Agreed. The Demtard cesspools are Portland, Salem and Eugene.
Pretty much the rest of the state is conservative. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 4 days ago i feel like it's better to get this on the 2028 ballot, where turnout might be better. but then, if they don't get voter id by the midterms, 2028 is lost regardless. catch 22. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 4 days ago no females permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 1 points 4 days ago Why don't they have an AI camera set up.  When someone goes to vote.  Your face is already logged next to the name and other identifiers.  Won't even have to show ID. because your face is the ID.  If for some reason it doesn't recognize your face.  Then you can use your ID for redundancy. permalink parent award report block reply MagaMan91 16 points 4 days ago I like his optimism but Commiefornia will never allow voter ID to pass. permalink award report block reply SurfandTurf 6 points 4 days ago I don’t know. I think the people who want it to pass are more inclined to vote for it. There’s a motivation factor. permalink parent award report block reply anotherrandomname 5 points 4 days ago The rulers of California just ignore or over turn referendums as they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona -1 points 4 days ago You haven’t been alive long enough to see how politics really work. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 2 points 4 days ago How old do you think I am? permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago Young enough to think that citizen signatures will make politicians simply go “ok let’s pass that” or if older you are overly optimistic that politicians will simply do what citizens want.  They will do what benefits them first.  My town just did it, had school budget vote, didn’t get the result they wanted.  Held another and got the result they wanted.  Why have a vote if you’re not going to accept the results of the first. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Threaper666 1 points 4 days ago Why doesn't Northern Ca just form their own state?  Then kick out all the illegals permalink parent award report block reply MADASHELLNEWS 12 points 4 days ago That sounds crazy to get voter id on the ballot when the elections are rigged permalink award report block reply BarneyFrank 11 points 4 days ago Sounds like pissing in the wind trying to stop cheating in these shitty states. Commend the effort though. permalink award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 4 days ago Someone had to do something. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 4 points 4 days ago I see it as going on offense and forcing the Left to expend resources in states that should be safe for them, rather than pumping money into red states to subvert them. permalink parent award report block reply Stlpoolguy 1 points 4 days ago Fundraising for free spirited scotty's couch surfing lifestyle.  It fits his M.O. of gloming onto others work.  I expect he'll be as successful as he was in NJ. permalink parent award report block reply UnknownUserName 0 points 4 days ago He will do anything but get a real job permalink parent award report block reply WhoWasThatMaskedMan 3 points 4 days ago What have you done? permalink parent award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 11 points 4 days ago Nice work and very persistent! permalink award report block reply Tradstew 7 points 4 days ago For the past twenty + years, what the citizens do or want, even "vote" for means nothing once any one of a dozen plus Sorass judges decide differently. permalink award report block reply BlockWorks 7 points 4 days ago IF commiefornia gets Voter ID on the ballot and IF it were to pass, I will bet this entire forum a diet coke that a judge here, and eventually the 9th circus, will declare it "unconstitutional" and kill it, just like Prop 187 and Prop 8. permalink award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 5 points 4 days ago Yes, exactly. I'm going to sign the damn thing, but the only way I see California getting fixed is either kinetic, or the rest of the Union somehow reverting it into a territory with limited, if any, representation. Basically, conquest in some form or another. It's too far gone to reform ifself in any way. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 1 points 4 days ago The 9th Circuit has radically changed from the days of Rush. They've been pretty based lately. permalink parent award report block reply TheRedPilledArtist 4 points 4 days ago Scott, man, don't forget to take some moments to yourself, dude. You're going into the eye of the storm. 🌀 permalink award report block reply UnknownUserName -4 points 4 days ago I'm sure he's fine not having a 9-5 job aside from being gay permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 3 points 4 days ago Thanks for the reminder. Need to mail in my petitions. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 3 points 4 days ago The left will either manufacture the votes at 3am, or pay off a judge to overturn it. permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin 3 points 4 days ago They'll all be tossed to either lack of verified signatures or illegal wording of ballot initative. “You can vote yourself into communism, but you'll to shoot your way out.” Beta Metani'Marashi permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 3 points 4 days ago They better pad these twice over with signatures. Democrats lawyers aren't going to allow these to go unchallenged, which is pretty ironic from a party that complains about protecting democracy permalink award report block reply HaSumBro 2 points 4 days ago Please God! Bless Oregon! permalink award report block reply Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago Don't see it working in Oregon lol, just being honest. Not even because of Portland, the eastern side of the state is very spread out and mailing in your ballot is just way too convenient for many out there. Also Portland will def vote no. permalink award report block reply OhioRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Fuck California. My sister wants to move there. But maybe not anymore after we spoke the other night. permalink award report block reply lixa 1 points 4 days ago Tell her please don't. Aside from what's best for her we have a housing crisis. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 2 points 4 days ago We need 50 of him. permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy -3 points 4 days ago It'd be a std outbreak permalink parent award report block reply gofishoregon 2 points 4 days ago Please come to Bend, Oregon! I think we can save it. permalink award report block reply Creepy_Joe 2 points 4 days ago If California puts that referendum on the ballot of a rigged election, how would it pass? permalink award report block reply JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 4 days ago God keep him safe. permalink award report block reply SilverBackTrump 2 points 4 days ago Except the elections for these measures will all be fixed and they won’t pass. permalink award report block reply Nanteen 2 points 4 days ago Scott has done great work signing people of the vote. Unfortunately this past election no one actually bothered to come out and actually vote permalink award report block reply Easzq8 1 points 4 days ago “Something something Nazi Nazi blacks can’t ID.” permalink award report block reply josiborg 1 points 4 days ago https://hereistheevidence.com permalink award report block reply FuckU/Spez 1 points 4 days ago They will null the signatures until they go beyond the date needed to get on the ballot. Just look at how many signatures and tries to took to get a newsom recall in California permalink award report block reply Papabravo12 1 points 4 days ago Haha permalink award report block reply NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 3 days ago Pointless.  The cheating is so rampant in California,  there is zero point in voting.  Seriously,  unless the feds get in there and arrest the corrupt officials and place their own anti-cheating measures, California is completely lost. permalink award report block reply SilentSniper 1 points 4 days ago Come to the Bay Area! permalink award report block reply gunzby 1 points 4 days ago Universal vote by mail is an absolute miscarriage of election integrity. I'm fine with ppl in nursing homes, but if you can vote, you should get your lazy sack of skin ass out to vote permalink award report block reply seattlerunner 1 points 4 days ago And each will fail because of Democrat fraud. How the fuck can you enact election security WHILE the elections are being run in fraudulent conditions? You can vote yourself into communism but you can ONLY shoot yourself out! permalink award report block reply SnakePlisken1776 1 points 4 days ago We only have a few years to deoport tens of millions of invaders. Because when the boomers are dead whites will be at best 38% of the population and the women vote communist. It will be impossible to win any election. We will be at the whim of shitskin invaders. permalink award report block reply KeepMarxInTheGround 1 points 4 days ago The Supreme Court of each state will just shoot them down as "unconstitutional" and void. I'm in Washington state. Trust me, that's how it operates here. permalink award report block reply LeftCoastDrummer 1 points 4 days ago There's only one small problem here in CA. The lib supermajority will not allow any ballot measure that passes take effect if they disagree with it.
It's happened a few times now. permalink award report block reply Error404 1 points 4 days ago Its a start.  None of that whatsoever eliminates the avenues they have to continue manipulating the votes. permalink award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 4 days ago when did maga start allowing cocksuckers amongst our ranks? permalink award report block reply Breacherbear 1 points 4 days ago Washington DMV tried to register my wife to vote prior to her citizenship! They 100% do this permalink award report block reply panic_scam 1 points 4 days ago Voter ID isn’t good enough if blue states give non-citizens an ID. permalink award report block reply AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago Trump needs to give this guy a medal and a job. Why isn't he head of the RNC??? permalink award report block reply Melsura67 1 points 4 days ago Come to Albuquerque!!! I’ll sign it!! permalink award report block reply WisestGuru93 1 points 4 days ago Map might be out of date. I could have sworn I voted for that in Texas prop 16 just this week permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 1 points 4 days ago You realize that if a state gives illegals Driver's licenses, then voter ID is pointless...right? permalink award report block reply BlueKentuckyGirl 1 points 4 days ago Yes make this happen. I hope this is true 🍻 thanks for the post 🍻 permalink award report block reply Washington_Redskins 1 points 4 days ago This is like going behind the Iron Curtain during the peak of the.cold war... I hope Peddler has his biggests successs ever in these four commie atates' permalink award report block reply Mungo 0 points 4 days ago Thank God for that faggot. permalink award report block reply KeepAmericaAmerica 0 points 4 days ago Don't bother with California. Even if it passes, a judge will just say "nah fam" and won't let it take effect, just like they did with Prop 187, which is why it's now an illegal haven. permalink award report block reply lul_cheto 0 points 4 days ago Deport all homos permalink award report block reply UnknownUserName -1 points 4 days ago Grifting permalink award report block reply RedditStillSucks -5 points 4 days ago This faggot will.fuck everything up and try to profit off it. Ban this faggot. permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 5 points 4 days ago He singlehandedly won NJ......  lol permalink parent award report block reply AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators, pending further review. permalink award report block reply
NotYourMan 34 points 4 days ago Lets make it happen.  1) voter ID, 2) QR code on each ballot that linked voter to ballot for after counting audits (don't need to know the vote details; just the voter ID and ballot), 3) no ballot harvesting, 4) no drop off boxes (the cheat we discovered with 2000 mules), 5) limits mail in ballots, 6) no illegal aliens voting, 7) no AUTO signup to vote at DMV. permalink award report block reply Mr_Rightside OP 18 points 4 days ago California Benny Johnson: We’re heading to California to kickstart the revival. The state has the largest Republican population in America, but no voter ID. That’s how Gavin Newsom’s machine survives. In 2026, that changes. 875,000 signatures puts voter ID on the ballot. Democrats can’t fight it, Wisconsin proved that. They passed voter ID, cleaned up elections, and President Trump won with ease. Now it’s California’s turn. We are getting voter ID on the ballot, giving Republicans a voice, saving the state, and changing politics forever. 541,237/875,000 signatures collected since October 5th. 68% Support Voter ID for Casting a Ballot. 79% Support Citizenship Verification for Voting. 112 days left to sign. Sign here. Washington Initiative Measure No. IL26-126 Oregon Initiative 37 permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 9 points 4 days ago I would definitely vote yes on no mail in voting in Oregon. But the metro areas with all the libtards will out-vote all the rest of the rural state. But I'd vote for it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago you know the east likely won't vote to end it either, let's be honest. permalink parent award report block reply Tacotuesday867 2 points 4 days ago Its almost like deep down they know they could never win without illegal votes lol permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 4 days ago Agreed. The Demtard cesspools are Portland, Salem and Eugene.
Pretty much the rest of the state is conservative. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 4 days ago i feel like it's better to get this on the 2028 ballot, where turnout might be better. but then, if they don't get voter id by the midterms, 2028 is lost regardless. catch 22. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 2 points 4 days ago no females permalink parent award report block reply Threaper666 1 points 4 days ago Why don't they have an AI camera set up.  When someone goes to vote.  Your face is already logged next to the name and other identifiers.  Won't even have to show ID. because your face is the ID.  If for some reason it doesn't recognize your face.  Then you can use your ID for redundancy. permalink parent award report block reply
Mr_Rightside OP 18 points 4 days ago California Benny Johnson: We’re heading to California to kickstart the revival. The state has the largest Republican population in America, but no voter ID. That’s how Gavin Newsom’s machine survives. In 2026, that changes. 875,000 signatures puts voter ID on the ballot. Democrats can’t fight it, Wisconsin proved that. They passed voter ID, cleaned up elections, and President Trump won with ease. Now it’s California’s turn. We are getting voter ID on the ballot, giving Republicans a voice, saving the state, and changing politics forever. 541,237/875,000 signatures collected since October 5th. 68% Support Voter ID for Casting a Ballot. 79% Support Citizenship Verification for Voting. 112 days left to sign. Sign here. Washington Initiative Measure No. IL26-126 Oregon Initiative 37 permalink parent award report block reply Boomstikchik 9 points 4 days ago I would definitely vote yes on no mail in voting in Oregon. But the metro areas with all the libtards will out-vote all the rest of the rural state. But I'd vote for it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago you know the east likely won't vote to end it either, let's be honest. permalink parent award report block reply Tacotuesday867 2 points 4 days ago Its almost like deep down they know they could never win without illegal votes lol permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 4 days ago Agreed. The Demtard cesspools are Portland, Salem and Eugene.
Pretty much the rest of the state is conservative. permalink parent award report block reply WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 4 days ago i feel like it's better to get this on the 2028 ballot, where turnout might be better. but then, if they don't get voter id by the midterms, 2028 is lost regardless. catch 22. permalink parent award report block reply
Boomstikchik 9 points 4 days ago I would definitely vote yes on no mail in voting in Oregon. But the metro areas with all the libtards will out-vote all the rest of the rural state. But I'd vote for it anyway. permalink parent award report block reply Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago you know the east likely won't vote to end it either, let's be honest. permalink parent award report block reply Tacotuesday867 2 points 4 days ago Its almost like deep down they know they could never win without illegal votes lol permalink parent award report block reply Tacitus1963 2 points 4 days ago Agreed. The Demtard cesspools are Portland, Salem and Eugene.
Pretty much the rest of the state is conservative. permalink parent award report block reply
Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago you know the east likely won't vote to end it either, let's be honest. permalink parent award report block reply Tacotuesday867 2 points 4 days ago Its almost like deep down they know they could never win without illegal votes lol permalink parent award report block reply
Tacotuesday867 2 points 4 days ago Its almost like deep down they know they could never win without illegal votes lol permalink parent award report block reply
Tacitus1963 2 points 4 days ago Agreed. The Demtard cesspools are Portland, Salem and Eugene.
Pretty much the rest of the state is conservative. permalink parent award report block reply
WarOfTheFanboys2 6 points 4 days ago i feel like it's better to get this on the 2028 ballot, where turnout might be better. but then, if they don't get voter id by the midterms, 2028 is lost regardless. catch 22. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 2 points 4 days ago no females permalink parent award report block reply
Threaper666 1 points 4 days ago Why don't they have an AI camera set up.  When someone goes to vote.  Your face is already logged next to the name and other identifiers.  Won't even have to show ID. because your face is the ID.  If for some reason it doesn't recognize your face.  Then you can use your ID for redundancy. permalink parent award report block reply
MagaMan91 16 points 4 days ago I like his optimism but Commiefornia will never allow voter ID to pass. permalink award report block reply SurfandTurf 6 points 4 days ago I don’t know. I think the people who want it to pass are more inclined to vote for it. There’s a motivation factor. permalink parent award report block reply anotherrandomname 5 points 4 days ago The rulers of California just ignore or over turn referendums as they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona -1 points 4 days ago You haven’t been alive long enough to see how politics really work. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 2 points 4 days ago How old do you think I am? permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago Young enough to think that citizen signatures will make politicians simply go “ok let’s pass that” or if older you are overly optimistic that politicians will simply do what citizens want.  They will do what benefits them first.  My town just did it, had school budget vote, didn’t get the result they wanted.  Held another and got the result they wanted.  Why have a vote if you’re not going to accept the results of the first. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Threaper666 1 points 4 days ago Why doesn't Northern Ca just form their own state?  Then kick out all the illegals permalink parent award report block reply
SurfandTurf 6 points 4 days ago I don’t know. I think the people who want it to pass are more inclined to vote for it. There’s a motivation factor. permalink parent award report block reply anotherrandomname 5 points 4 days ago The rulers of California just ignore or over turn referendums as they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona -1 points 4 days ago You haven’t been alive long enough to see how politics really work. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 2 points 4 days ago How old do you think I am? permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago Young enough to think that citizen signatures will make politicians simply go “ok let’s pass that” or if older you are overly optimistic that politicians will simply do what citizens want.  They will do what benefits them first.  My town just did it, had school budget vote, didn’t get the result they wanted.  Held another and got the result they wanted.  Why have a vote if you’re not going to accept the results of the first. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
anotherrandomname 5 points 4 days ago The rulers of California just ignore or over turn referendums as they see fit. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona -1 points 4 days ago You haven’t been alive long enough to see how politics really work. permalink parent award report block reply SurfandTurf 2 points 4 days ago How old do you think I am? permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago Young enough to think that citizen signatures will make politicians simply go “ok let’s pass that” or if older you are overly optimistic that politicians will simply do what citizens want.  They will do what benefits them first.  My town just did it, had school budget vote, didn’t get the result they wanted.  Held another and got the result they wanted.  Why have a vote if you’re not going to accept the results of the first. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
SurfandTurf 2 points 4 days ago How old do you think I am? permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago Young enough to think that citizen signatures will make politicians simply go “ok let’s pass that” or if older you are overly optimistic that politicians will simply do what citizens want.  They will do what benefits them first.  My town just did it, had school budget vote, didn’t get the result they wanted.  Held another and got the result they wanted.  Why have a vote if you’re not going to accept the results of the first. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
suckmycorona 1 points 4 days ago Young enough to think that citizen signatures will make politicians simply go “ok let’s pass that” or if older you are overly optimistic that politicians will simply do what citizens want.  They will do what benefits them first.  My town just did it, had school budget vote, didn’t get the result they wanted.  Held another and got the result they wanted.  Why have a vote if you’re not going to accept the results of the first. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Threaper666 1 points 4 days ago Why doesn't Northern Ca just form their own state?  Then kick out all the illegals permalink parent award report block reply
MADASHELLNEWS 12 points 4 days ago That sounds crazy to get voter id on the ballot when the elections are rigged permalink award report block reply
BarneyFrank 11 points 4 days ago Sounds like pissing in the wind trying to stop cheating in these shitty states. Commend the effort though. permalink award report block reply EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 4 days ago Someone had to do something. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 4 points 4 days ago I see it as going on offense and forcing the Left to expend resources in states that should be safe for them, rather than pumping money into red states to subvert them. permalink parent award report block reply Stlpoolguy 1 points 4 days ago Fundraising for free spirited scotty's couch surfing lifestyle.  It fits his M.O. of gloming onto others work.  I expect he'll be as successful as he was in NJ. permalink parent award report block reply UnknownUserName 0 points 4 days ago He will do anything but get a real job permalink parent award report block reply WhoWasThatMaskedMan 3 points 4 days ago What have you done? permalink parent award report block reply
EgregiousPhilbin 12 points 4 days ago Someone had to do something. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 4 points 4 days ago I see it as going on offense and forcing the Left to expend resources in states that should be safe for them, rather than pumping money into red states to subvert them. permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 1 points 4 days ago Fundraising for free spirited scotty's couch surfing lifestyle.  It fits his M.O. of gloming onto others work.  I expect he'll be as successful as he was in NJ. permalink parent award report block reply
UnknownUserName 0 points 4 days ago He will do anything but get a real job permalink parent award report block reply WhoWasThatMaskedMan 3 points 4 days ago What have you done? permalink parent award report block reply
WhoWasThatMaskedMan 3 points 4 days ago What have you done? permalink parent award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 11 points 4 days ago Nice work and very persistent! permalink award report block reply
Tradstew 7 points 4 days ago For the past twenty + years, what the citizens do or want, even "vote" for means nothing once any one of a dozen plus Sorass judges decide differently. permalink award report block reply
BlockWorks 7 points 4 days ago IF commiefornia gets Voter ID on the ballot and IF it were to pass, I will bet this entire forum a diet coke that a judge here, and eventually the 9th circus, will declare it "unconstitutional" and kill it, just like Prop 187 and Prop 8. permalink award report block reply LiveFreeInXorDie 5 points 4 days ago Yes, exactly. I'm going to sign the damn thing, but the only way I see California getting fixed is either kinetic, or the rest of the Union somehow reverting it into a territory with limited, if any, representation. Basically, conquest in some form or another. It's too far gone to reform ifself in any way. permalink parent award report block reply Scipio_Americanus 1 points 4 days ago The 9th Circuit has radically changed from the days of Rush. They've been pretty based lately. permalink parent award report block reply
LiveFreeInXorDie 5 points 4 days ago Yes, exactly. I'm going to sign the damn thing, but the only way I see California getting fixed is either kinetic, or the rest of the Union somehow reverting it into a territory with limited, if any, representation. Basically, conquest in some form or another. It's too far gone to reform ifself in any way. permalink parent award report block reply
Scipio_Americanus 1 points 4 days ago The 9th Circuit has radically changed from the days of Rush. They've been pretty based lately. permalink parent award report block reply
TheRedPilledArtist 4 points 4 days ago Scott, man, don't forget to take some moments to yourself, dude. You're going into the eye of the storm. 🌀 permalink award report block reply UnknownUserName -4 points 4 days ago I'm sure he's fine not having a 9-5 job aside from being gay permalink parent award report block reply
UnknownUserName -4 points 4 days ago I'm sure he's fine not having a 9-5 job aside from being gay permalink parent award report block reply
SurfandTurf 3 points 4 days ago Thanks for the reminder. Need to mail in my petitions. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 3 points 4 days ago The left will either manufacture the votes at 3am, or pay off a judge to overturn it. permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin 3 points 4 days ago They'll all be tossed to either lack of verified signatures or illegal wording of ballot initative. “You can vote yourself into communism, but you'll to shoot your way out.” Beta Metani'Marashi permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 3 points 4 days ago They better pad these twice over with signatures. Democrats lawyers aren't going to allow these to go unchallenged, which is pretty ironic from a party that complains about protecting democracy permalink award report block reply
HaSumBro 2 points 4 days ago Please God! Bless Oregon! permalink award report block reply
Senaleb 2 points 4 days ago Don't see it working in Oregon lol, just being honest. Not even because of Portland, the eastern side of the state is very spread out and mailing in your ballot is just way too convenient for many out there. Also Portland will def vote no. permalink award report block reply
OhioRepublic 2 points 4 days ago Fuck California. My sister wants to move there. But maybe not anymore after we spoke the other night. permalink award report block reply lixa 1 points 4 days ago Tell her please don't. Aside from what's best for her we have a housing crisis. permalink parent award report block reply
lixa 1 points 4 days ago Tell her please don't. Aside from what's best for her we have a housing crisis. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 2 points 4 days ago We need 50 of him. permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy -3 points 4 days ago It'd be a std outbreak permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy -3 points 4 days ago It'd be a std outbreak permalink parent award report block reply
gofishoregon 2 points 4 days ago Please come to Bend, Oregon! I think we can save it. permalink award report block reply
Creepy_Joe 2 points 4 days ago If California puts that referendum on the ballot of a rigged election, how would it pass? permalink award report block reply
JoeBidensDementia1 2 points 4 days ago God keep him safe. permalink award report block reply
SilverBackTrump 2 points 4 days ago Except the elections for these measures will all be fixed and they won’t pass. permalink award report block reply
Nanteen 2 points 4 days ago Scott has done great work signing people of the vote. Unfortunately this past election no one actually bothered to come out and actually vote permalink award report block reply
Easzq8 1 points 4 days ago “Something something Nazi Nazi blacks can’t ID.” permalink award report block reply
josiborg 1 points 4 days ago https://hereistheevidence.com permalink award report block reply
FuckU/Spez 1 points 4 days ago They will null the signatures until they go beyond the date needed to get on the ballot. Just look at how many signatures and tries to took to get a newsom recall in California permalink award report block reply
Papabravo12 1 points 4 days ago Haha permalink award report block reply
NoSteppyonmyPepe 1 points 3 days ago Pointless.  The cheating is so rampant in California,  there is zero point in voting.  Seriously,  unless the feds get in there and arrest the corrupt officials and place their own anti-cheating measures, California is completely lost. permalink award report block reply
SilentSniper 1 points 4 days ago Come to the Bay Area! permalink award report block reply
gunzby 1 points 4 days ago Universal vote by mail is an absolute miscarriage of election integrity. I'm fine with ppl in nursing homes, but if you can vote, you should get your lazy sack of skin ass out to vote permalink award report block reply
seattlerunner 1 points 4 days ago And each will fail because of Democrat fraud. How the fuck can you enact election security WHILE the elections are being run in fraudulent conditions? You can vote yourself into communism but you can ONLY shoot yourself out! permalink award report block reply
SnakePlisken1776 1 points 4 days ago We only have a few years to deoport tens of millions of invaders. Because when the boomers are dead whites will be at best 38% of the population and the women vote communist. It will be impossible to win any election. We will be at the whim of shitskin invaders. permalink award report block reply
KeepMarxInTheGround 1 points 4 days ago The Supreme Court of each state will just shoot them down as "unconstitutional" and void. I'm in Washington state. Trust me, that's how it operates here. permalink award report block reply
LeftCoastDrummer 1 points 4 days ago There's only one small problem here in CA. The lib supermajority will not allow any ballot measure that passes take effect if they disagree with it.
It's happened a few times now. permalink award report block reply
Error404 1 points 4 days ago Its a start.  None of that whatsoever eliminates the avenues they have to continue manipulating the votes. permalink award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 4 days ago when did maga start allowing cocksuckers amongst our ranks? permalink award report block reply
Breacherbear 1 points 4 days ago Washington DMV tried to register my wife to vote prior to her citizenship! They 100% do this permalink award report block reply
panic_scam 1 points 4 days ago Voter ID isn’t good enough if blue states give non-citizens an ID. permalink award report block reply
AgnesDomini 1 points 4 days ago Trump needs to give this guy a medal and a job. Why isn't he head of the RNC??? permalink award report block reply
Melsura67 1 points 4 days ago Come to Albuquerque!!! I’ll sign it!! permalink award report block reply
WisestGuru93 1 points 4 days ago Map might be out of date. I could have sworn I voted for that in Texas prop 16 just this week permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 1 points 4 days ago You realize that if a state gives illegals Driver's licenses, then voter ID is pointless...right? permalink award report block reply
BlueKentuckyGirl 1 points 4 days ago Yes make this happen. I hope this is true 🍻 thanks for the post 🍻 permalink award report block reply
Washington_Redskins 1 points 4 days ago This is like going behind the Iron Curtain during the peak of the.cold war... I hope Peddler has his biggests successs ever in these four commie atates' permalink award report block reply
Mungo 0 points 4 days ago Thank God for that faggot. permalink award report block reply
KeepAmericaAmerica 0 points 4 days ago Don't bother with California. Even if it passes, a judge will just say "nah fam" and won't let it take effect, just like they did with Prop 187, which is why it's now an illegal haven. permalink award report block reply
lul_cheto 0 points 4 days ago Deport all homos permalink award report block reply
UnknownUserName -1 points 4 days ago Grifting permalink award report block reply
RedditStillSucks -5 points 4 days ago This faggot will.fuck everything up and try to profit off it. Ban this faggot. permalink award report block reply Stlpoolguy 5 points 4 days ago He singlehandedly won NJ......  lol permalink parent award report block reply
Stlpoolguy 5 points 4 days ago He singlehandedly won NJ......  lol permalink parent award report block reply
AlmostFullyDilated 1 points 4 days ago Comment removed by community moderators, pending further review. permalink award report block reply