33 WATCH VIDEO - "Homeland Security Sec. Kristi Noem on H-1B Visas: 

"We're going to keep using our visa programs, we're just going to make sure they have integrity... We've sped up our process and added integrity to the visa programs.. More people are becoming citizens."" posted 9 hours ago by bleeje 17 comments award share report block The American Conservative @amconmag • 10h Homeland Security Sec. Kristi Noem on H-1B Visas: "We're going to keep using our visa programs, we're just going to make sure they have integrity... We've sped up our process and added integrity to the visa programs.. More people are becoming citizens."
17 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save T471 12 points 9 hours ago stop the visa program. No more means no more. permalink award report block reply LordCommissarYarrick 9 points 9 hours ago No wonder there's an influx of indians in my area. permalink award report block reply Mamapedia 9 points 9 hours ago For God's sake, this is the opposite of what they campaigned on.  I don't want them here at all, especially not if they are given an expedited path to citizenship.  Seems like we have been played like suckers. Since when does America First not included fidelity to American workers? permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 5 points 9 hours ago You're one of the very few that's actually getting what's happening. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Yes youre a genius, everything you do is right, your emotional state is in perfect harmony, you should definitely just doom and give up now. Trump betrayed you, thats clear now isnt it? Just make sure you dont vote in the midterms, whatever you do. You need to send Trump a message over this. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago Seems like you are the one getting all emotional.  My position is clear - campaign promises are being broken pretty egregiously on a number of fronts.  Facts, not feelings.  And Trump does need to hear what his base thinks, before the midterms, or we lose.  Not dooming, but holding the line and fighting for what was promised in exchange for our vote. Edit: and I don't give a fuck about either praise or censure here- I do care about the future of the American people permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 8 hours ago My comment was a slightly exaggerated parody of the op who responded to you, glad you think its crazy. OP is not on your side, I hope you see that. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago I see your point and I do know that.  I did not up vote his response to me.  I don't want it and I don't want division here.  I just have to call the balls and strikes as I see them, and I am honestly disgusted by recent occurrences in the administration. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BonginosRac1stCowboy 0 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply JoePlumber 5 points 9 hours ago Booooo These cucks are all completely out of touch with the base. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 4 points 9 hours ago Good lord what has happened? permalink award report block reply barc 3 points 9 hours ago Was this supposed to make us happier?  Damn, Trump is so lost on this issue.  There has to be someone pulling his strings (silicone valley?). permalink award report block reply T471 3 points 9 hours ago We don't need more foreigners, not more new citizens. permalink award report block reply onesummerdream 3 points 9 hours ago No, no, no, deport first, then look for integrity when they reapply. permalink award report block reply keeptherepublic1776 2 points 9 hours ago Dems will win in 2026 and I hope they impeach trump and throw him in jail for life. I'm done permalink award report block reply sleepinggiant 1 points 9 hours ago When they dont give you details you know its a con permalink award report block reply
T471 12 points 9 hours ago stop the visa program. No more means no more. permalink award report block reply
LordCommissarYarrick 9 points 9 hours ago No wonder there's an influx of indians in my area. permalink award report block reply
Mamapedia 9 points 9 hours ago For God's sake, this is the opposite of what they campaigned on.  I don't want them here at all, especially not if they are given an expedited path to citizenship.  Seems like we have been played like suckers. Since when does America First not included fidelity to American workers? permalink award report block reply bleeje OP 5 points 9 hours ago You're one of the very few that's actually getting what's happening. permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Yes youre a genius, everything you do is right, your emotional state is in perfect harmony, you should definitely just doom and give up now. Trump betrayed you, thats clear now isnt it? Just make sure you dont vote in the midterms, whatever you do. You need to send Trump a message over this. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago Seems like you are the one getting all emotional.  My position is clear - campaign promises are being broken pretty egregiously on a number of fronts.  Facts, not feelings.  And Trump does need to hear what his base thinks, before the midterms, or we lose.  Not dooming, but holding the line and fighting for what was promised in exchange for our vote. Edit: and I don't give a fuck about either praise or censure here- I do care about the future of the American people permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 8 hours ago My comment was a slightly exaggerated parody of the op who responded to you, glad you think its crazy. OP is not on your side, I hope you see that. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago I see your point and I do know that.  I did not up vote his response to me.  I don't want it and I don't want division here.  I just have to call the balls and strikes as I see them, and I am honestly disgusted by recent occurrences in the administration. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... BonginosRac1stCowboy 0 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
bleeje OP 5 points 9 hours ago You're one of the very few that's actually getting what's happening. permalink parent award report block reply
Porkbut 0 points 8 hours ago Yes youre a genius, everything you do is right, your emotional state is in perfect harmony, you should definitely just doom and give up now. Trump betrayed you, thats clear now isnt it? Just make sure you dont vote in the midterms, whatever you do. You need to send Trump a message over this. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago Seems like you are the one getting all emotional.  My position is clear - campaign promises are being broken pretty egregiously on a number of fronts.  Facts, not feelings.  And Trump does need to hear what his base thinks, before the midterms, or we lose.  Not dooming, but holding the line and fighting for what was promised in exchange for our vote. Edit: and I don't give a fuck about either praise or censure here- I do care about the future of the American people permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 8 hours ago My comment was a slightly exaggerated parody of the op who responded to you, glad you think its crazy. OP is not on your side, I hope you see that. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago I see your point and I do know that.  I did not up vote his response to me.  I don't want it and I don't want division here.  I just have to call the balls and strikes as I see them, and I am honestly disgusted by recent occurrences in the administration. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago Seems like you are the one getting all emotional.  My position is clear - campaign promises are being broken pretty egregiously on a number of fronts.  Facts, not feelings.  And Trump does need to hear what his base thinks, before the midterms, or we lose.  Not dooming, but holding the line and fighting for what was promised in exchange for our vote. Edit: and I don't give a fuck about either praise or censure here- I do care about the future of the American people permalink parent award report block reply Porkbut 1 points 8 hours ago My comment was a slightly exaggerated parody of the op who responded to you, glad you think its crazy. OP is not on your side, I hope you see that. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago I see your point and I do know that.  I did not up vote his response to me.  I don't want it and I don't want division here.  I just have to call the balls and strikes as I see them, and I am honestly disgusted by recent occurrences in the administration. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Porkbut 1 points 8 hours ago My comment was a slightly exaggerated parody of the op who responded to you, glad you think its crazy. OP is not on your side, I hope you see that. permalink parent award report block reply Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago I see your point and I do know that.  I did not up vote his response to me.  I don't want it and I don't want division here.  I just have to call the balls and strikes as I see them, and I am honestly disgusted by recent occurrences in the administration. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Mamapedia 2 points 8 hours ago I see your point and I do know that.  I did not up vote his response to me.  I don't want it and I don't want division here.  I just have to call the balls and strikes as I see them, and I am honestly disgusted by recent occurrences in the administration. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
BonginosRac1stCowboy 0 points 9 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
JoePlumber 5 points 9 hours ago Booooo These cucks are all completely out of touch with the base. permalink award report block reply
FusionBlack 4 points 9 hours ago Good lord what has happened? permalink award report block reply
barc 3 points 9 hours ago Was this supposed to make us happier?  Damn, Trump is so lost on this issue.  There has to be someone pulling his strings (silicone valley?). permalink award report block reply
T471 3 points 9 hours ago We don't need more foreigners, not more new citizens. permalink award report block reply
onesummerdream 3 points 9 hours ago No, no, no, deport first, then look for integrity when they reapply. permalink award report block reply
keeptherepublic1776 2 points 9 hours ago Dems will win in 2026 and I hope they impeach trump and throw him in jail for life. I'm done permalink award report block reply
sleepinggiant 1 points 9 hours ago When they dont give you details you know its a con permalink award report block reply