952 👱 Trump Warns Socialist Mamdani Off to ‘Bad Start’ After Challenging Him in Victory Speech 👳 ☪️                            ☪️ posted 7 days ago by MythArcana 95 comments award share download report block
95 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Crucible 62 points 7 days ago Mamdani is a puppet of the Lord of the Strings - Soros. If Trump is serious, he needs to cut off the head of the snake. permalink award report block reply DeJustice 32 points 7 days ago He isn’t serious. Idk how many times people have to say it. Trump is just too fucking nice. Dude was never what they said he was. He simply doesn’t have it in him to do what’s needed to fix this nation, honestly, outside of some tough blue collar men, none of the nation has the balls. Most people just puss up and can’t do the needed things to say fuck it and actually be the evil they accuse us of, too many pussies permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 12 points 6 days ago Trump wants to be liked by everyone too much i think.  and the GOP are a bunch of spineless morons.   they wont end the filibuster and push the maga agenda because they are all afraid of the dems.  but they dont see that the dems will do everything they are afraid of when back in power nonetheless. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 9 points 6 days ago I bring this up a lot, but Trump was actually campaigning on consequences for people who cheat in the 2024 election. Pretty sure we saw things like the GOP winning a decent majority in both the House and Senate after election night, which only got dwindled down with a month of extra counting. I don't think there's any way that polls can be a near dead heat, and Democrats win nearly every single race where counting went on longer than a few days. Trump talks big, but the problem is that it seems to be just talk. With all the DOGE stuff, there's only been a $9 billion dollar cut codified, which is a tenth of a percent of Federal spending. There's been a lot of talk about going after the deep state, but Comey and Bolton were pretty much retired, and James just has way too much evidence not to do anything really. Even then, she's small potatoes. There was a lot of talk about mass deportations, but they're saying 1.6 million self deported and we've only actively deported around 500k, while Biden was letting in 5 million a year. Biden was spending too much, but now Trump and the GOP in Congress have Republicans cheering on Biden Era levels of spending in order to get the government open again. It's almost starting to feel like placation rather than action. permalink parent award report block reply jimboonie 7 points 6 days ago Trump already failed because Mamdani won the mayoral race. I’m getting fatigued by all of Trumps bloviating and inaction. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 6 days ago What happened when the left tried to force Trump out? He became increasingly popular. What happened when Biden was allowed to stay? He became increasingly unpopular. Trump has something that most of you coward will never understand.  Faith in the American people. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago So, in other words...all we have is hopium? If there is no action by the Republicans, it won't matter what the left does. Much of the base will stop caring. We came out in droves in 2024 because Trump was talking fire and brimstone. It's been nearly a year, and there's nothing. Maybe faith in the American people is all we have to go on. However, the people will soon lose faith in politicians if this continues. And as much as we love talking about burning it down, I don't think we're prepared for that type of action yet because ALL of us are cowards. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 6 days ago Trump wasn't talking fire and brimstone. He was talking saving the nation from Kamala and the radical democrats. The influencers were making predictions about what would happen if Trump was elected. Americans came out in droves because of the unity ticket.  RFK, Tulsi, Elon, etc. backing Trump. Had these people backed Kamala, you can bet your life savings Trump would have lost. When you have D, I, and R all backing the same candidate, you get a very balanced and effective government structure. The shear amount of policy change and activity that has happened in less than a year is mind boggling. So much so that the majority of single issue people aren't even aware of what's going on. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 2 points 6 days ago Nice at some point is no longer nice. It is either culpable for inaction or complicit in pressure release. Apathy is the end road of this kind of "nice" permalink parent award report block reply load 18 more comments... Kingoftheroad 19 points 7 days ago Yes. Why certain people arent being labeled as enemy of the state is mind boggling. Also, Trump already said he might help NYC a little less than what? 24 hours after saying he will strip all federal funding? I dont know what 4D chess thats supposed to be permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 6 points 6 days ago Because working for the state and federal govt is the carrot. It used to be the stick.  Now the private sector is expected to continue fixing this country under the auspices of govt policies. Too many fat assholes in govt jobs. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 3 points 6 days ago Explain how unless you are one yourself permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago Trump is doing exactly as he planned. Look at who he surrounded himself with. When the voter looks at his family and measures his life before 1/21/25 and against it now, Trump is going to lose. MIGA is not a winnable strategy when the American electorate is suffering the results of that policy. Sure, the bots are out and the sub 7k crew floods these forums ,but the average voter is not along for the ride as the cucks are. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 2 points 6 days ago News flash, all of you young communists can go get free shit plus free bus rides in NYC.  Quit bitching on this site about what your parents didn't provide for you. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments... Urusovite 33 points 7 days ago Maybe do something then besides strong words and endorsing and congratulating worthless senators like Thune who did nothing for these elections. Not even in Virginia… permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 15 points 7 days ago No, we must only ever make empty threats and send strongly worded letters. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -19 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Apollohollon 7 points 6 days ago Shut up you idiot. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -15 points 6 days ago You don’t need to continue advertising your idiocy retard. We can all see your stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Donger-Lord 19 points 6 days ago You know who also is off the a bad start? Us. We were promised mass deportations and a better economy. It is shameful to brag about how good the stock market is doing with all the jews that run it when your own people are struggling. Enough with the excuses, the fact is, the republican party is simply controlled opposition. Even when we have all 3 branches of the government controlled, we can’t pass any meaningful laws without other bullshit packed into them, let alone hold of the democrats from making things worse. Maybe instead of filling the administration with dirty indians and dumb botox whores that go on fox news every hour, start arresting the tyrants that have destroyed our country and execute them after they are found guilty in a very quick and speedy trial. The ONLY reason this isn’t being done at this point is because you don’t want it to happen. They are millions of people that could do a better job than the people Trump has put into his cabinet. permalink award report block reply deleted 4 points 6 days ago NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot 1 points 6 days ago This board has been overran by Muslim groypers. Notice that whenever Mamdani vs Trump is the topic, groypers will attack Trump for "failed promises" and because he loves Joos, stirring the topic away from the jihadi NY mayor. Attack Trump is the groypers instruction permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 6 days ago I saw this exact comment not too long ago by a Democrat with the party line references reversed. Not a single thing you said is backed up by facts or statistics. I actually wonder if you have any idea about anything that Trump's admin has done. permalink parent award report block reply BrionK 14 points 7 days ago Trump had 2 years to fix America.
Now we're fucked.
Commies continue to control the media and major cities.
Unless we fix our elections, media, and illegals we're done. permalink award report block reply corntortilla -16 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago Is that all you people have got? Calling people retards and faggots? Grow up. This isn't middle school. permalink parent award report block reply VoteThing 14 points 7 days ago dangerous statement for him to make Right. Mamdani was basically saying "we're going to defy immigration law, we're going to provide cover to illegal aliens," etc. That's obstruction. Do enough of it and you'll get arrested. permalink award report block reply MythArcana OP 9 points 7 days ago Archive Link : https://archive.ph/Wr1OH Direct Link : https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2025/11/05/trump-warn-mamdani-off-bad-start/ Pepe Link : 🐸👌 permalink award report block reply Taqiyya_Mockingbird 9 points 7 days ago Madmani is a biological weapon of the globalists. Can’t wait to watch him and Newsom debate at the DNC (if they even bother with democracy, didn’t last time) in ‘28. They’ll probably end up having to go with Elizabeth Warren or Mad Maxine!! permalink award report block reply Coin-Op 5 points 6 days ago Nah, it's gonna be an aoc/crockett ticket for '28. You heard it here first! permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -10 points 6 days ago Found another retard. And didn’t even have to read beyond the first five words. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 6 days ago Are you fucking stupid? The people you're responding to sound far more intelligent than you. You aren't disputing what they're saying at all. permalink parent award report block reply Antemalagon 8 points 7 days ago A Muslim Man with an all female transition team LOL, im surprised he isnt dead yet. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 8 points 6 days ago What if I were to tell you he’s cozy with the ‘rival’ Jews?… permalink parent award report block reply Antemalagon 8 points 6 days ago I'd fucking believe you because jews are the worst fucking enemy permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/02/politics/zohran-mamdani-jewish-vote If you search, there’s tons of scary articles where Jews are scared but you’ll find press where top flight Jews are smiling and hand shaking. As allows-  enjoy the show. permalink parent award report block reply muppeton 5 points 6 days ago No one would be surprised honestly.  I bet a large number of them DID vote for Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply FerkenBlerkin 6 points 7 days ago De-naturalize his citizenship There's a long list of hard line things that I'm willing to support these days, but this is a very tame starting point. Start there permalink award report block reply Saxonlady 4 points 7 days ago Sad to say it but parts of America are looking very similar to the UK. To be fair, I don't hear quite so much criticism of the UK about its muslim invasion these days. permalink parent award report block reply Scatter-Shot 5 points 7 days ago It's ok, Mamdani just has to repudiate everything he said during his mayoral campaign and say he looks up to Pres. Trump since he was a child and that everything he said during his campaign was false and just to get elected. Heap praise upon the President and say that Pres. Trump was a transformational President and looks forward to working with the President to make New York Great Again. permalink award report block reply corntortilla -9 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 6 days ago I don't hear you offering a better argument. permalink parent award report block reply TLMFR 5 points 6 days ago I challenge mamdani to a bacon eating contest. Loser gets stoned. permalink award report block reply knnbccb 4 points 6 days ago Know what caused Mamdani to win? China and Roy Neville Singham. The money never lies. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 4 points 6 days ago No mention of Soros? Alex was heavily involved in funding his campaign. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 6 days ago Soros is the infamous known entity. Singham flies under the radar, and he lives in China. permalink parent award report block reply YodaBannon 3 points 7 days ago gonna faf it up mohran permalink award report block reply Treefiddydiddy 3 points 6 days ago hey Don , give Putin or KY Un a call and let them take care of it , the place is beyond help and your repugnant party dgaf permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem 3 points 7 days ago The only thing dangerous for islam is Americans being American. They are in uncharted waters. Show islam the door before they get themselves killed. permalink award report block reply Saxonlady 7 points 6 days ago For many years people here have laughed about the fall of the UK to islam. Joking about why it's so important to have the 2A and how stupid Brits were to give up their guns and that we deserve what's coming. Now you have NYC governed by a 'commie' muslim who is much much worse than Sadiq Khan the mayor of London. I'm not laughing because it's tragically sad. When it comes to the muslim invasion, the 2A isn't helping one bit. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -11 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply cd3dog 3 points 6 days ago Mamdani thinks he's a big dog and maybe he is.  But he's forgetting that there's a bigger dog in the neighborhood. permalink award report block reply psychoticpartial 3 points 6 days ago I'm pretty sure no actual people live in nyc, or shouldn't. Who wants to spend all the money they earn on taxes and rent on a street that smells like shit? Nobody who earns their own money. It's populated with bottom feeders, grifters, liars, thieves, and parasites. If you still live in nyc at this point you've missed the bus but should probably still go. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 2 points 7 days ago Mamdani eats cow shit permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago He rejects Jesus as his Savior. permalink parent award report block reply Coin-Op 2 points 6 days ago He also fucks said cow. permalink parent award report block reply Mr_Exemplary 2 points 6 days ago Mamdani knows Trump-hate got him elected and he's going to have to keep feeding it permalink award report block reply Trump737 2 points 6 days ago Trump, will trump mamdani so that he doesnt become inaugurated.  Watch permalink award report block reply ParadigmShift2070 2 points 6 days ago https://x.com/jewishvoicelive/status/1985907537447878820 permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 2 points 6 days ago He could end up the next President if we do not arrest the Traitors. permalink award report block reply Scot 2 points 6 days ago Words and warnings aren't working. Words without action results in the evil left becoming more emboldened and laughing in our faces as they steal and murder. permalink award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 2 points 6 days ago His victory speech was epic. When you go full MIGA, this is what you end up with. Sadly,the administration is intent on draining Netanyahu's ball sacks daily instead of working on MAGA. permalink award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot 0 points 6 days ago Fuck off you Muslim groyper permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person. permalink parent award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 6 days ago Fuzzy foreigner picking a fight with GEOTUS is about as stupid a move one could choose. permalink award report block reply tuaris 2 points 6 days ago Ouch, rookie mistake.  Never ever challenge Trump.  It doesn't end well.  Just ask Nancy Pelozi. permalink award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply heightnoise 2 points 6 days ago Strongly worded letter incoming... He threatened you, and challenged your authority TO YOUR FACE...and you just said that was a "dangerous statement" to make?! That's it. I'm done pretending I still have hope we were being pulled back from the brink a year ago. I was led on like a dog on a leash, and I thought it was different because it was red white and blue, and gilded with gold. I'm done. permalink award report block reply SimaYi 1 points 6 days ago Trump will bitch out. permalink award report block reply InJailOutSoon 0 points 6 days ago Im looking forward to this.. Trump loves NY. He's going to go scorched Earth permalink award report block reply donteatthat 5 points 6 days ago Bullshit permalink parent award report block reply
Crucible 62 points 7 days ago Mamdani is a puppet of the Lord of the Strings - Soros. If Trump is serious, he needs to cut off the head of the snake. permalink award report block reply DeJustice 32 points 7 days ago He isn’t serious. Idk how many times people have to say it. Trump is just too fucking nice. Dude was never what they said he was. He simply doesn’t have it in him to do what’s needed to fix this nation, honestly, outside of some tough blue collar men, none of the nation has the balls. Most people just puss up and can’t do the needed things to say fuck it and actually be the evil they accuse us of, too many pussies permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 12 points 6 days ago Trump wants to be liked by everyone too much i think.  and the GOP are a bunch of spineless morons.   they wont end the filibuster and push the maga agenda because they are all afraid of the dems.  but they dont see that the dems will do everything they are afraid of when back in power nonetheless. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 9 points 6 days ago I bring this up a lot, but Trump was actually campaigning on consequences for people who cheat in the 2024 election. Pretty sure we saw things like the GOP winning a decent majority in both the House and Senate after election night, which only got dwindled down with a month of extra counting. I don't think there's any way that polls can be a near dead heat, and Democrats win nearly every single race where counting went on longer than a few days. Trump talks big, but the problem is that it seems to be just talk. With all the DOGE stuff, there's only been a $9 billion dollar cut codified, which is a tenth of a percent of Federal spending. There's been a lot of talk about going after the deep state, but Comey and Bolton were pretty much retired, and James just has way too much evidence not to do anything really. Even then, she's small potatoes. There was a lot of talk about mass deportations, but they're saying 1.6 million self deported and we've only actively deported around 500k, while Biden was letting in 5 million a year. Biden was spending too much, but now Trump and the GOP in Congress have Republicans cheering on Biden Era levels of spending in order to get the government open again. It's almost starting to feel like placation rather than action. permalink parent award report block reply jimboonie 7 points 6 days ago Trump already failed because Mamdani won the mayoral race. I’m getting fatigued by all of Trumps bloviating and inaction. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 6 days ago What happened when the left tried to force Trump out? He became increasingly popular. What happened when Biden was allowed to stay? He became increasingly unpopular. Trump has something that most of you coward will never understand.  Faith in the American people. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago So, in other words...all we have is hopium? If there is no action by the Republicans, it won't matter what the left does. Much of the base will stop caring. We came out in droves in 2024 because Trump was talking fire and brimstone. It's been nearly a year, and there's nothing. Maybe faith in the American people is all we have to go on. However, the people will soon lose faith in politicians if this continues. And as much as we love talking about burning it down, I don't think we're prepared for that type of action yet because ALL of us are cowards. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 6 days ago Trump wasn't talking fire and brimstone. He was talking saving the nation from Kamala and the radical democrats. The influencers were making predictions about what would happen if Trump was elected. Americans came out in droves because of the unity ticket.  RFK, Tulsi, Elon, etc. backing Trump. Had these people backed Kamala, you can bet your life savings Trump would have lost. When you have D, I, and R all backing the same candidate, you get a very balanced and effective government structure. The shear amount of policy change and activity that has happened in less than a year is mind boggling. So much so that the majority of single issue people aren't even aware of what's going on. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 2 points 6 days ago Nice at some point is no longer nice. It is either culpable for inaction or complicit in pressure release. Apathy is the end road of this kind of "nice" permalink parent award report block reply load 18 more comments... Kingoftheroad 19 points 7 days ago Yes. Why certain people arent being labeled as enemy of the state is mind boggling. Also, Trump already said he might help NYC a little less than what? 24 hours after saying he will strip all federal funding? I dont know what 4D chess thats supposed to be permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 6 points 6 days ago Because working for the state and federal govt is the carrot. It used to be the stick.  Now the private sector is expected to continue fixing this country under the auspices of govt policies. Too many fat assholes in govt jobs. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 3 points 6 days ago Explain how unless you are one yourself permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago Trump is doing exactly as he planned. Look at who he surrounded himself with. When the voter looks at his family and measures his life before 1/21/25 and against it now, Trump is going to lose. MIGA is not a winnable strategy when the American electorate is suffering the results of that policy. Sure, the bots are out and the sub 7k crew floods these forums ,but the average voter is not along for the ride as the cucks are. permalink parent award report block reply BBvarn 2 points 6 days ago News flash, all of you young communists can go get free shit plus free bus rides in NYC.  Quit bitching on this site about what your parents didn't provide for you. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply load 1 more comments...
DeJustice 32 points 7 days ago He isn’t serious. Idk how many times people have to say it. Trump is just too fucking nice. Dude was never what they said he was. He simply doesn’t have it in him to do what’s needed to fix this nation, honestly, outside of some tough blue collar men, none of the nation has the balls. Most people just puss up and can’t do the needed things to say fuck it and actually be the evil they accuse us of, too many pussies permalink parent award report block reply emorphia 12 points 6 days ago Trump wants to be liked by everyone too much i think.  and the GOP are a bunch of spineless morons.   they wont end the filibuster and push the maga agenda because they are all afraid of the dems.  but they dont see that the dems will do everything they are afraid of when back in power nonetheless. permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 9 points 6 days ago I bring this up a lot, but Trump was actually campaigning on consequences for people who cheat in the 2024 election. Pretty sure we saw things like the GOP winning a decent majority in both the House and Senate after election night, which only got dwindled down with a month of extra counting. I don't think there's any way that polls can be a near dead heat, and Democrats win nearly every single race where counting went on longer than a few days. Trump talks big, but the problem is that it seems to be just talk. With all the DOGE stuff, there's only been a $9 billion dollar cut codified, which is a tenth of a percent of Federal spending. There's been a lot of talk about going after the deep state, but Comey and Bolton were pretty much retired, and James just has way too much evidence not to do anything really. Even then, she's small potatoes. There was a lot of talk about mass deportations, but they're saying 1.6 million self deported and we've only actively deported around 500k, while Biden was letting in 5 million a year. Biden was spending too much, but now Trump and the GOP in Congress have Republicans cheering on Biden Era levels of spending in order to get the government open again. It's almost starting to feel like placation rather than action. permalink parent award report block reply jimboonie 7 points 6 days ago Trump already failed because Mamdani won the mayoral race. I’m getting fatigued by all of Trumps bloviating and inaction. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 3 points 6 days ago What happened when the left tried to force Trump out? He became increasingly popular. What happened when Biden was allowed to stay? He became increasingly unpopular. Trump has something that most of you coward will never understand.  Faith in the American people. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago So, in other words...all we have is hopium? If there is no action by the Republicans, it won't matter what the left does. Much of the base will stop caring. We came out in droves in 2024 because Trump was talking fire and brimstone. It's been nearly a year, and there's nothing. Maybe faith in the American people is all we have to go on. However, the people will soon lose faith in politicians if this continues. And as much as we love talking about burning it down, I don't think we're prepared for that type of action yet because ALL of us are cowards. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 6 days ago Trump wasn't talking fire and brimstone. He was talking saving the nation from Kamala and the radical democrats. The influencers were making predictions about what would happen if Trump was elected. Americans came out in droves because of the unity ticket.  RFK, Tulsi, Elon, etc. backing Trump. Had these people backed Kamala, you can bet your life savings Trump would have lost. When you have D, I, and R all backing the same candidate, you get a very balanced and effective government structure. The shear amount of policy change and activity that has happened in less than a year is mind boggling. So much so that the majority of single issue people aren't even aware of what's going on. permalink parent award report block reply Glory-Unto-God 2 points 6 days ago Nice at some point is no longer nice. It is either culpable for inaction or complicit in pressure release. Apathy is the end road of this kind of "nice" permalink parent award report block reply load 18 more comments...
emorphia 12 points 6 days ago Trump wants to be liked by everyone too much i think.  and the GOP are a bunch of spineless morons.   they wont end the filibuster and push the maga agenda because they are all afraid of the dems.  but they dont see that the dems will do everything they are afraid of when back in power nonetheless. permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 9 points 6 days ago I bring this up a lot, but Trump was actually campaigning on consequences for people who cheat in the 2024 election. Pretty sure we saw things like the GOP winning a decent majority in both the House and Senate after election night, which only got dwindled down with a month of extra counting. I don't think there's any way that polls can be a near dead heat, and Democrats win nearly every single race where counting went on longer than a few days. Trump talks big, but the problem is that it seems to be just talk. With all the DOGE stuff, there's only been a $9 billion dollar cut codified, which is a tenth of a percent of Federal spending. There's been a lot of talk about going after the deep state, but Comey and Bolton were pretty much retired, and James just has way too much evidence not to do anything really. Even then, she's small potatoes. There was a lot of talk about mass deportations, but they're saying 1.6 million self deported and we've only actively deported around 500k, while Biden was letting in 5 million a year. Biden was spending too much, but now Trump and the GOP in Congress have Republicans cheering on Biden Era levels of spending in order to get the government open again. It's almost starting to feel like placation rather than action. permalink parent award report block reply
jimboonie 7 points 6 days ago Trump already failed because Mamdani won the mayoral race. I’m getting fatigued by all of Trumps bloviating and inaction. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 3 points 6 days ago What happened when the left tried to force Trump out? He became increasingly popular. What happened when Biden was allowed to stay? He became increasingly unpopular. Trump has something that most of you coward will never understand.  Faith in the American people. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago So, in other words...all we have is hopium? If there is no action by the Republicans, it won't matter what the left does. Much of the base will stop caring. We came out in droves in 2024 because Trump was talking fire and brimstone. It's been nearly a year, and there's nothing. Maybe faith in the American people is all we have to go on. However, the people will soon lose faith in politicians if this continues. And as much as we love talking about burning it down, I don't think we're prepared for that type of action yet because ALL of us are cowards. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 6 days ago Trump wasn't talking fire and brimstone. He was talking saving the nation from Kamala and the radical democrats. The influencers were making predictions about what would happen if Trump was elected. Americans came out in droves because of the unity ticket.  RFK, Tulsi, Elon, etc. backing Trump. Had these people backed Kamala, you can bet your life savings Trump would have lost. When you have D, I, and R all backing the same candidate, you get a very balanced and effective government structure. The shear amount of policy change and activity that has happened in less than a year is mind boggling. So much so that the majority of single issue people aren't even aware of what's going on. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago So, in other words...all we have is hopium? If there is no action by the Republicans, it won't matter what the left does. Much of the base will stop caring. We came out in droves in 2024 because Trump was talking fire and brimstone. It's been nearly a year, and there's nothing. Maybe faith in the American people is all we have to go on. However, the people will soon lose faith in politicians if this continues. And as much as we love talking about burning it down, I don't think we're prepared for that type of action yet because ALL of us are cowards. permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 1 points 6 days ago Trump wasn't talking fire and brimstone. He was talking saving the nation from Kamala and the radical democrats. The influencers were making predictions about what would happen if Trump was elected. Americans came out in droves because of the unity ticket.  RFK, Tulsi, Elon, etc. backing Trump. Had these people backed Kamala, you can bet your life savings Trump would have lost. When you have D, I, and R all backing the same candidate, you get a very balanced and effective government structure. The shear amount of policy change and activity that has happened in less than a year is mind boggling. So much so that the majority of single issue people aren't even aware of what's going on. permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 1 points 6 days ago Trump wasn't talking fire and brimstone. He was talking saving the nation from Kamala and the radical democrats. The influencers were making predictions about what would happen if Trump was elected. Americans came out in droves because of the unity ticket.  RFK, Tulsi, Elon, etc. backing Trump. Had these people backed Kamala, you can bet your life savings Trump would have lost. When you have D, I, and R all backing the same candidate, you get a very balanced and effective government structure. The shear amount of policy change and activity that has happened in less than a year is mind boggling. So much so that the majority of single issue people aren't even aware of what's going on. permalink parent award report block reply
Glory-Unto-God 2 points 6 days ago Nice at some point is no longer nice. It is either culpable for inaction or complicit in pressure release. Apathy is the end road of this kind of "nice" permalink parent award report block reply
Kingoftheroad 19 points 7 days ago Yes. Why certain people arent being labeled as enemy of the state is mind boggling. Also, Trump already said he might help NYC a little less than what? 24 hours after saying he will strip all federal funding? I dont know what 4D chess thats supposed to be permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 6 points 6 days ago Because working for the state and federal govt is the carrot. It used to be the stick.  Now the private sector is expected to continue fixing this country under the auspices of govt policies. Too many fat assholes in govt jobs. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 3 points 6 days ago Explain how unless you are one yourself permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 6 points 6 days ago Because working for the state and federal govt is the carrot. It used to be the stick.  Now the private sector is expected to continue fixing this country under the auspices of govt policies. Too many fat assholes in govt jobs. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Kingoftheroad 3 points 6 days ago Explain how unless you are one yourself permalink parent award report block reply
Kingoftheroad 3 points 6 days ago Explain how unless you are one yourself permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago Trump is doing exactly as he planned. Look at who he surrounded himself with. When the voter looks at his family and measures his life before 1/21/25 and against it now, Trump is going to lose. MIGA is not a winnable strategy when the American electorate is suffering the results of that policy. Sure, the bots are out and the sub 7k crew floods these forums ,but the average voter is not along for the ride as the cucks are. permalink parent award report block reply
BBvarn 2 points 6 days ago News flash, all of you young communists can go get free shit plus free bus rides in NYC.  Quit bitching on this site about what your parents didn't provide for you. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -13 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply
Urusovite 33 points 7 days ago Maybe do something then besides strong words and endorsing and congratulating worthless senators like Thune who did nothing for these elections. Not even in Virginia… permalink award report block reply Iremembermypassword 15 points 7 days ago No, we must only ever make empty threats and send strongly worded letters. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -19 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Apollohollon 7 points 6 days ago Shut up you idiot. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -15 points 6 days ago You don’t need to continue advertising your idiocy retard. We can all see your stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Iremembermypassword 15 points 7 days ago No, we must only ever make empty threats and send strongly worded letters. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -19 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Apollohollon 7 points 6 days ago Shut up you idiot. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -15 points 6 days ago You don’t need to continue advertising your idiocy retard. We can all see your stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Apollohollon 7 points 6 days ago Shut up you idiot. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -15 points 6 days ago You don’t need to continue advertising your idiocy retard. We can all see your stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -15 points 6 days ago You don’t need to continue advertising your idiocy retard. We can all see your stupidity. permalink parent award report block reply
NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Donger-Lord 19 points 6 days ago You know who also is off the a bad start? Us. We were promised mass deportations and a better economy. It is shameful to brag about how good the stock market is doing with all the jews that run it when your own people are struggling. Enough with the excuses, the fact is, the republican party is simply controlled opposition. Even when we have all 3 branches of the government controlled, we can’t pass any meaningful laws without other bullshit packed into them, let alone hold of the democrats from making things worse. Maybe instead of filling the administration with dirty indians and dumb botox whores that go on fox news every hour, start arresting the tyrants that have destroyed our country and execute them after they are found guilty in a very quick and speedy trial. The ONLY reason this isn’t being done at this point is because you don’t want it to happen. They are millions of people that could do a better job than the people Trump has put into his cabinet. permalink award report block reply deleted 4 points 6 days ago NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot 1 points 6 days ago This board has been overran by Muslim groypers. Notice that whenever Mamdani vs Trump is the topic, groypers will attack Trump for "failed promises" and because he loves Joos, stirring the topic away from the jihadi NY mayor. Attack Trump is the groypers instruction permalink parent award report block reply FatigueIsReal 0 points 6 days ago I saw this exact comment not too long ago by a Democrat with the party line references reversed. Not a single thing you said is backed up by facts or statistics. I actually wonder if you have any idea about anything that Trump's admin has done. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 4 points 6 days ago NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Pongpagongbatibot 1 points 6 days ago This board has been overran by Muslim groypers. Notice that whenever Mamdani vs Trump is the topic, groypers will attack Trump for "failed promises" and because he loves Joos, stirring the topic away from the jihadi NY mayor. Attack Trump is the groypers instruction permalink parent award report block reply
FatigueIsReal 0 points 6 days ago I saw this exact comment not too long ago by a Democrat with the party line references reversed. Not a single thing you said is backed up by facts or statistics. I actually wonder if you have any idea about anything that Trump's admin has done. permalink parent award report block reply
BrionK 14 points 7 days ago Trump had 2 years to fix America.
Now we're fucked.
Commies continue to control the media and major cities.
Unless we fix our elections, media, and illegals we're done. permalink award report block reply corntortilla -16 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago Is that all you people have got? Calling people retards and faggots? Grow up. This isn't middle school. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -16 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago Is that all you people have got? Calling people retards and faggots? Grow up. This isn't middle school. permalink parent award report block reply
Appeal2Heaven98 1 points 6 days ago Is that all you people have got? Calling people retards and faggots? Grow up. This isn't middle school. permalink parent award report block reply
VoteThing 14 points 7 days ago dangerous statement for him to make Right. Mamdani was basically saying "we're going to defy immigration law, we're going to provide cover to illegal aliens," etc. That's obstruction. Do enough of it and you'll get arrested. permalink award report block reply
MythArcana OP 9 points 7 days ago Archive Link : https://archive.ph/Wr1OH Direct Link : https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2025/11/05/trump-warn-mamdani-off-bad-start/ Pepe Link : 🐸👌 permalink award report block reply
Taqiyya_Mockingbird 9 points 7 days ago Madmani is a biological weapon of the globalists. Can’t wait to watch him and Newsom debate at the DNC (if they even bother with democracy, didn’t last time) in ‘28. They’ll probably end up having to go with Elizabeth Warren or Mad Maxine!! permalink award report block reply Coin-Op 5 points 6 days ago Nah, it's gonna be an aoc/crockett ticket for '28. You heard it here first! permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -10 points 6 days ago Found another retard. And didn’t even have to read beyond the first five words. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 6 days ago Are you fucking stupid? The people you're responding to sound far more intelligent than you. You aren't disputing what they're saying at all. permalink parent award report block reply
Coin-Op 5 points 6 days ago Nah, it's gonna be an aoc/crockett ticket for '28. You heard it here first! permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -10 points 6 days ago Found another retard. And didn’t even have to read beyond the first five words. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 6 days ago Are you fucking stupid? The people you're responding to sound far more intelligent than you. You aren't disputing what they're saying at all. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 3 points 6 days ago Are you fucking stupid? The people you're responding to sound far more intelligent than you. You aren't disputing what they're saying at all. permalink parent award report block reply
Antemalagon 8 points 7 days ago A Muslim Man with an all female transition team LOL, im surprised he isnt dead yet. permalink award report block reply MySidesGoUp 8 points 6 days ago What if I were to tell you he’s cozy with the ‘rival’ Jews?… permalink parent award report block reply Antemalagon 8 points 6 days ago I'd fucking believe you because jews are the worst fucking enemy permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/02/politics/zohran-mamdani-jewish-vote If you search, there’s tons of scary articles where Jews are scared but you’ll find press where top flight Jews are smiling and hand shaking. As allows-  enjoy the show. permalink parent award report block reply muppeton 5 points 6 days ago No one would be surprised honestly.  I bet a large number of them DID vote for Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 8 points 6 days ago What if I were to tell you he’s cozy with the ‘rival’ Jews?… permalink parent award report block reply Antemalagon 8 points 6 days ago I'd fucking believe you because jews are the worst fucking enemy permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/02/politics/zohran-mamdani-jewish-vote If you search, there’s tons of scary articles where Jews are scared but you’ll find press where top flight Jews are smiling and hand shaking. As allows-  enjoy the show. permalink parent award report block reply muppeton 5 points 6 days ago No one would be surprised honestly.  I bet a large number of them DID vote for Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply
Antemalagon 8 points 6 days ago I'd fucking believe you because jews are the worst fucking enemy permalink parent award report block reply MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/02/politics/zohran-mamdani-jewish-vote If you search, there’s tons of scary articles where Jews are scared but you’ll find press where top flight Jews are smiling and hand shaking. As allows-  enjoy the show. permalink parent award report block reply
MySidesGoUp 3 points 6 days ago https://www.cnn.com/2025/11/02/politics/zohran-mamdani-jewish-vote If you search, there’s tons of scary articles where Jews are scared but you’ll find press where top flight Jews are smiling and hand shaking. As allows-  enjoy the show. permalink parent award report block reply
muppeton 5 points 6 days ago No one would be surprised honestly.  I bet a large number of them DID vote for Mamdani. permalink parent award report block reply
FerkenBlerkin 6 points 7 days ago De-naturalize his citizenship There's a long list of hard line things that I'm willing to support these days, but this is a very tame starting point. Start there permalink award report block reply Saxonlady 4 points 7 days ago Sad to say it but parts of America are looking very similar to the UK. To be fair, I don't hear quite so much criticism of the UK about its muslim invasion these days. permalink parent award report block reply
Saxonlady 4 points 7 days ago Sad to say it but parts of America are looking very similar to the UK. To be fair, I don't hear quite so much criticism of the UK about its muslim invasion these days. permalink parent award report block reply
Scatter-Shot 5 points 7 days ago It's ok, Mamdani just has to repudiate everything he said during his mayoral campaign and say he looks up to Pres. Trump since he was a child and that everything he said during his campaign was false and just to get elected. Heap praise upon the President and say that Pres. Trump was a transformational President and looks forward to working with the President to make New York Great Again. permalink award report block reply corntortilla -9 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 6 days ago I don't hear you offering a better argument. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -9 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 6 days ago I don't hear you offering a better argument. permalink parent award report block reply
Aquamine-Amarine 2 points 6 days ago I don't hear you offering a better argument. permalink parent award report block reply
TLMFR 5 points 6 days ago I challenge mamdani to a bacon eating contest. Loser gets stoned. permalink award report block reply
knnbccb 4 points 6 days ago Know what caused Mamdani to win? China and Roy Neville Singham. The money never lies. permalink award report block reply ReleasetheList 4 points 6 days ago No mention of Soros? Alex was heavily involved in funding his campaign. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 6 days ago Soros is the infamous known entity. Singham flies under the radar, and he lives in China. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList 4 points 6 days ago No mention of Soros? Alex was heavily involved in funding his campaign. permalink parent award report block reply knnbccb 3 points 6 days ago Soros is the infamous known entity. Singham flies under the radar, and he lives in China. permalink parent award report block reply
knnbccb 3 points 6 days ago Soros is the infamous known entity. Singham flies under the radar, and he lives in China. permalink parent award report block reply
YodaBannon 3 points 7 days ago gonna faf it up mohran permalink award report block reply
Treefiddydiddy 3 points 6 days ago hey Don , give Putin or KY Un a call and let them take care of it , the place is beyond help and your repugnant party dgaf permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem 3 points 7 days ago The only thing dangerous for islam is Americans being American. They are in uncharted waters. Show islam the door before they get themselves killed. permalink award report block reply Saxonlady 7 points 6 days ago For many years people here have laughed about the fall of the UK to islam. Joking about why it's so important to have the 2A and how stupid Brits were to give up their guns and that we deserve what's coming. Now you have NYC governed by a 'commie' muslim who is much much worse than Sadiq Khan the mayor of London. I'm not laughing because it's tragically sad. When it comes to the muslim invasion, the 2A isn't helping one bit. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -11 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply
Saxonlady 7 points 6 days ago For many years people here have laughed about the fall of the UK to islam. Joking about why it's so important to have the 2A and how stupid Brits were to give up their guns and that we deserve what's coming. Now you have NYC governed by a 'commie' muslim who is much much worse than Sadiq Khan the mayor of London. I'm not laughing because it's tragically sad. When it comes to the muslim invasion, the 2A isn't helping one bit. permalink parent award report block reply corntortilla -11 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply
corntortilla -11 points 6 days ago Found another retard. permalink parent award report block reply
cd3dog 3 points 6 days ago Mamdani thinks he's a big dog and maybe he is.  But he's forgetting that there's a bigger dog in the neighborhood. permalink award report block reply
psychoticpartial 3 points 6 days ago I'm pretty sure no actual people live in nyc, or shouldn't. Who wants to spend all the money they earn on taxes and rent on a street that smells like shit? Nobody who earns their own money. It's populated with bottom feeders, grifters, liars, thieves, and parasites. If you still live in nyc at this point you've missed the bus but should probably still go. permalink award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 2 points 7 days ago Mamdani eats cow shit permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago He rejects Jesus as his Savior. permalink parent award report block reply Coin-Op 2 points 6 days ago He also fucks said cow. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 6 days ago He rejects Jesus as his Savior. permalink parent award report block reply
Coin-Op 2 points 6 days ago He also fucks said cow. permalink parent award report block reply
Mr_Exemplary 2 points 6 days ago Mamdani knows Trump-hate got him elected and he's going to have to keep feeding it permalink award report block reply
Trump737 2 points 6 days ago Trump, will trump mamdani so that he doesnt become inaugurated.  Watch permalink award report block reply
ParadigmShift2070 2 points 6 days ago https://x.com/jewishvoicelive/status/1985907537447878820 permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 2 points 6 days ago He could end up the next President if we do not arrest the Traitors. permalink award report block reply
Scot 2 points 6 days ago Words and warnings aren't working. Words without action results in the evil left becoming more emboldened and laughing in our faces as they steal and murder. permalink award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 2 points 6 days ago His victory speech was epic. When you go full MIGA, this is what you end up with. Sadly,the administration is intent on draining Netanyahu's ball sacks daily instead of working on MAGA. permalink award report block reply Pongpagongbatibot 0 points 6 days ago Fuck off you Muslim groyper permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person. permalink parent award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
Pongpagongbatibot 0 points 6 days ago Fuck off you Muslim groyper permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person. permalink parent award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 3 points 6 days ago I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person. permalink parent award report block reply
NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
I_Love_45-70_Gov 2 points 6 days ago Fuzzy foreigner picking a fight with GEOTUS is about as stupid a move one could choose. permalink award report block reply
tuaris 2 points 6 days ago Ouch, rookie mistake.  Never ever challenge Trump.  It doesn't end well.  Just ask Nancy Pelozi. permalink award report block reply NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
NewGovModOnDutyBans 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
heightnoise 2 points 6 days ago Strongly worded letter incoming... He threatened you, and challenged your authority TO YOUR FACE...and you just said that was a "dangerous statement" to make?! That's it. I'm done pretending I still have hope we were being pulled back from the brink a year ago. I was led on like a dog on a leash, and I thought it was different because it was red white and blue, and gilded with gold. I'm done. permalink award report block reply
SimaYi 1 points 6 days ago Trump will bitch out. permalink award report block reply
InJailOutSoon 0 points 6 days ago Im looking forward to this.. Trump loves NY. He's going to go scorched Earth permalink award report block reply donteatthat 5 points 6 days ago Bullshit permalink parent award report block reply
donteatthat 5 points 6 days ago Bullshit permalink parent award report block reply