653 Fuck this new pope posted 6 days ago by FuckAllDemocrats 138 comments award share report block MJTruthUltra @MJTruthUltra • 7d Womp womp womp… 🚨 Pope Leo says America needs deep reflection on how Illegal aliens are treated in the US — “You’re supposed to receive and welcome the foreigner.” Sorry Mr. Pope… you’re wrong. Scripture commands submission to LAWFUL authority (Rom 13:1–7). Illegal entry
138 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Comanche_Moon 66 points 6 days ago So says the man who lives behind a wall. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 44 points 6 days ago And has armed security permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 32 points 6 days ago And the strictest immigration policy on the planet permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 19 points 6 days ago And zero transparency. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 6 days ago Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago As with my other friend, if you're being targeted on the account that you accused the Pope of something about pedophilia.  You're wrong.  There's no evidence right now that Pope Leo is a pedophile.  However, he does enable it to some degree. Pope Leo praised and called Don Lorenzo Milani a prophet and Don Lorenzo Milani was an active pedophile and encouraged other priests to be so.    So in that sense yes, Leo is enabling pedophilia. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Protonboy -3 points 6 days ago And, there aren't H1B people taking his job from him. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 10 points 6 days ago a huge wall permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago A wall that's huge because of muslim invasion, they had a fifty foot one first and it wasn't enough. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 6 points 6 days ago I am so sick of these fucking Popes. Easily the most useless figureheads on the planet. Every one of them is a fraud. PS. Fuck this guy in particular. Supposed to receive and welcome freeloaders? NO, you go ahead and receive and welcome them as they completely drain the savings of your Vatican City within one year, then you start racking up debt for your kids and grand kids as more and more keep coming in expecting YOU to give them your money to survive. I suppose it's no coincidence that a person who believes magic in the sky makes everything happen just expects everything to magically be OK when you let anyone and everyone into your country.. he's never even realized that all of the money has to come from a REAL source, that being the legal citizens who live in said country being invaded. If he has realized that then he's far to flippant in telling other people how charitable they must be when he himself gives none and is basically a charity case surviving on donations. permalink parent award report block reply wilburh09 -4 points 6 days ago Typical democrat mentality. “ Help all illegals from random 3rd world countries that hate your society and want to kill you and rape your wife and live off your taxpayer money”. How about go kill yourself pope? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 0 points 6 days ago The Pope wants whites to kill themselves because Pope Leo probably got some antiwhite opinions while working in Central America, along with his commie opinions.  Like Francis, they want Catholics to be dirt poor, uneducated and just obey government no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader -3 points 6 days ago So says the man who blessed a block of ice at a globalist climate event while the cultists performed some pagan ritual. I genuinely feel bad for Catholics having this guy as their Pope.. permalink parent award report block reply DiamondDroid 27 points 6 days ago Vatican City first you blasphemous spawn of satan. permalink award report block reply monkadelic -2 points 6 days ago Well, no. That would be dangerous to just allow anyone in. permalink parent award report block reply jtowers2255 -3 points 6 days ago Nice. permalink parent award report block reply Steve56775 15 points 6 days ago Selected by the WEF. permalink award report block reply Deplorable_Yankee 9 points 6 days ago I don’t know how many times I have to say this but the Pope is a NOBODY. You don’t need the pope to accept Jesus Christ into your heart and repent. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 5 points 6 days ago We are commanded to submit to right authority, which Jesus set up through the first Pope, Peter. The Pope is the Vicar of Christ. If you want to obey God, you have to submit to this office in the Catholic Church. Thems the rules. That doesn't mean you have to do whatever the Pope says, because they must be a RIGHT authority. Popes rarely speak with infallibility, and may only do so on matters that are critical to the faith. That's a whole formal process. When the Pope is just out there in the world talking to reporters and shit, he's just any other clergyman in terms of the import of what he says. Whenever you hear "You don't HAVE to do/believe/say such and such to be saved", think about the line of thinking behind that. That line of thinking is rooted in arrogance, that you are sufficiently capable of interpreting and discerning well enough to earn Heaven. That is inherently false and heretical. Submission to God's will means following ALL of his commands, in the way that He set up for us. That means the one true Church, flawed as it may be. permalink parent award report block reply Reefay 3 points 6 days ago Say Nope to Pope permalink parent award report block reply superwookee -2 points 6 days ago If marketing agencies existed during the reformation lol permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 6 days ago How do you think they got people to believe Martin Luther actually nailed his blasphemous papers to the church door when that never actually happened? permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -2 points 6 days ago There is no pope in scripture and neither the pope or Catholic priests meet the biblical requirements of a pastor or elders. It must be a married man with obedient children. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 9 points 6 days ago I'm Catholic and I disagree.  The papacy is in scripture.  You just don't understand scripture well enough to see it. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Sorry bro, but you're wrong. Here's someone smarter than both of us breaking it down in several ways: https://youtu.be/2SzRhqbVPes https://youtu.be/1rp6jpW1cQI https://youtu.be/ckZ6dQJHkB0 https://youtu.be/GT4Mc59Cmy4 permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I'll give you a debate between two much smarter men than that youngster. https://youtu.be/MjmKsB0XpE4?si=QcnJ306Ewkqtekzo Dr James White has more qualifications, degrees, and books written than that kid has ever attended. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago lol, the guy I linked to owns the shit out of White. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... superwookee -6 points 6 days ago Biblical proof of what your saying? Because requiring marriage and children for a servant of God is as heretical as the papist celibacy requirement. There's a ditch on either side of the road: you are in one and the papist are in the other. permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I didn't say "servant of God" I said pastor or elder. And that's easy. Is 2 enough or do you need more? Two primary passages set the standard for pastors (also called elders or overseers) to be married men with children: 1 Timothy 3:1–5 “If a man desires the office of a bishop, he desires a good work. A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach… one that rules well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity. For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?” Titus 1:5–6 “For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city… If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.” These passages don’t mean a man must be married to be a Christian, but they do mean that the pattern for pastoral and elder leadership is a man proven in household governance—faithful to one wife and competent in raising disciplined, believing children. If he can’t shepherd a home, he’s unfit to shepherd a flock. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Who decides who qualifies as a pastor or elder? By what authority? The Popes, bishops, and priests all trace their lineage and thus authority back to Peter, who was given it by Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments... Savage_Patriot_1776 9 points 6 days ago Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 8 points 6 days ago Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka You need to reevaluate your news sources. He has repeatedly condemned it. Pope Leo XIV offered prayers for the victims of a devastating massacre in Benue State, N----ia, where approximately 200 people—mostly internally displaced persons sheltering at a local Catholic mission—were brutally killed in a midnight attack between the 13 and 14 June. The Pope spoke out about the killings during his Sunday Angelus prayer, last Sunday. An editorial for the N----ian Catholic Network, written by Church authorities at the Catholic Secretariat of N----ia, Abuja, has commended Pope Leo XIV for his prompt message, “condemning the evil visited on the people and praying for their souls.” According to the editorial, the N----ian Church appreciates the Pope’s closeness to N----ia over the killings in Benue State. They, however, sharply criticised the silence, inaction, and how N----ian authorities often handle these matters. permalink parent award report block reply OneMoreHome 8 points 6 days ago He only answered reporters’ questions. You should ask the reporters why they didn’t ask the pope about it. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Oh the Catholic Curio studiously avoids any mention of Catholics and Christians being kidnapped and murdered anywhere on Earth.  They're just trying to reach out to other "faith traditions" that do the kidnapping and murdering. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList -1 points 6 days ago That's not okay to say for the PC Pope. permalink parent award report block reply overblod 6 points 6 days ago Another pedo from the underbelly of Chicago raising his fangs. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 5 points 6 days ago Taking all of these foreigners and migrants will bankrupt this country. It already is a drain on our finances and harming our ability to protect vulnerable US citizens. While Jesus has the ability to save everyone, us mere mortals must contend with the fact that we cannot. permalink award report block reply Nothing007 2 points 6 days ago If you haven't seen this video with the marbles, it's worth a watch.  Makes your point VERY soundly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iatxAIQTij4 EDIT: Very interesting the downvotes. For those who haven't seen or won't watch, this video very clear shows why we should NEVER EVER attempt to allow immigration into the US like we've been doing.  It will DESTROY us beyond any repair.  I suppose those downvotes are the lurkers on this board that desire the destruction of the United States.  That's quite literally the only interpretation, especially with a very simple video. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 2 points 6 days ago I love that video, it's excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago That's the plan, Cloward-Piven. permalink parent award report block reply rezimx 1 points 6 days ago I do receive and welcome them...legally.  Come for a visit!  Ill show you around town and give you some dinner. What i dont do is allow people to come here under the cover of night, lie, steal and manipulate.  I'm kind, but im not a sucker. permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 8 points 6 days ago I do receive and welcome them...legally. Right, and that is Catholic teaching: CCC 2241 Immigrants are obliged to respect with gratitude the material and spiritual heritage of the country that receives them, to obey its laws and to assist in carrying civic burdens. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago I don't want tax dodging illegals that only take and don't give their fair share. "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." permalink parent award report block reply asiatrails 1 points 6 days ago We are only supposed to welcome the ones who apply and are accepted by us.  We do not accept the midnight burglars who eat the dog, empty the refrigerator, and claim they are part of the family permalink award report block reply TheSwampThang 1 points 6 days ago Yes we can be welcoming. The issue is the deep state creates artificial crisis and facilitates the migration way more than a country can naturally handle.  If the deep state didn't cause havoc in Latin America and if there weren't a system that bribes people to migrate here, our immigration would be way more natural and manageable.  Mexico,  Columbia,  Honduras...etc should all be very strong middle class countries.   The deep state does everything they can to mess things up. permalink award report block reply 5DchessWatch 1 points 6 days ago The little barky dog in the background was the highlight of this video permalink award report block reply RagnarD 1 points 6 days ago Not when that foreigner is part of an invading army. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Given that a lot of these "foreigners" are Catholics from South of the Border, I hope Pope Leo can explain why there aren't chapels at the centers to hold Mass or regular confessions being heard?  OH yeah, it's because Catholic Charities and LGBTQ+ Bishops in Democrat cities wouldn't get checks from the Federal Government.   Ya see, Government programs don't donate to charitable programs if priests and pastors promote Christianity. Also, I really wonder why it is that Pope Leo and so many Catholic prelates feel free to lecture us about "welcoming the foreigner" but aren't lecturing the foreigner to obey our laws, enter legally, don't join Satanic gangs, stop raping, stop buying and selling drugs, learn the language, don't lie, don't set up international theft ringss and don't defraud programs.  Oh yeah, it's because they're trying to encourage the illegal aliens to invade because they get money. For those who want to pick on Catholics here, It ain't just us.  It's Lutherans, Episcopalians, Methodists, Jews and almost all mainline religions.  Even Evangelicals adopt kids from Mission trips and encourage families to come to America.  Even our U.S. Soldiers in the Global War on Terror were encouraging Muslims to emigrate to the U.S. permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 7 points 6 days ago aren't lecturing the foreigner to obey our laws, enter legally, don't join Satanic gangs, stop raping, stop buying and selling drugs, learn the language, don't lie, don't set up international theft ringss and don't defraud programs. Yes, CCC 2241. I'd like to see this mentioned more often, too! permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Bingo. Not all are strangers that are referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21, Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7.  They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Why the heck are you being downvoted?  I didn't downvote you.  I pretty much agree with everything you said.  Do you have a troll following you around? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Naw take a look at the other comments in this thread, many people daring to speak against the popes narrative are being downvoted. Even no brainers like the comment by Savage_Patriot "Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka" 12 upvotes 5 downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Savage Patriot was downvoted because Pope Bob pretended to care about the Christians being killed in Africa and someone then quoted Pope Bob's scuttlebutt whimsy of virtue signaling. Also, just as you wouldn't like it Catholics or Protestants attacked the literal patriarchy or the Divine liturgy, Catholics don't like it when the institution of the papacy is attacked.  You'll have much better luck just attacking Pope Bob directly.  Like I said, FtR Prevost. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments... rangooooo 0 points 6 days ago Tear down those Vacitan walls and lead by example permalink award report block reply hairless_ap3 0 points 6 days ago Yeah when is the Vatican going to open their fucking borders to the brown invasion permalink award report block reply greatpumpkin -1 points 5 days ago Why do you think Francis II was ‘approved’ so quickly? permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 -1 points 6 days ago Shit like this is why church attendance is falling off a cliff. Religiosity already pre disposes people to be right wing, why are you spitting on your base permalink award report block reply Kiwipede22 -2 points 6 days ago Send all illegal aliens to the Vatican.  They have lots of money stacked in their vaults… let them house and feed the illegal masses. permalink award report block reply South_Florida_Guy -2 points 6 days ago Send them all to the Vatican then permalink award report block reply Dev404 -2 points 6 days ago These pedos can shut their woke faggot mouths and go live among the muslims and third worlders they claim we all need to embrace while these fucks live behind secure walls and first world luxuries. Go to prison and then back to hell, demon in robes. permalink award report block reply Mestroisfils -2 points 6 days ago As a catholic,  I say to him 'You First'. permalink award report block reply Retardloserimsogay -2 points 6 days ago Satan worshipping faggot pope permalink award report block reply Winter_Is_Coming2020 -2 points 6 days ago Maybe they should all be flown/imported to Rome - on the church’s dime of course. permalink award report block reply cuhboose -2 points 6 days ago Should open the Vatican up first supreme faggotus permalink award report block reply KennyKetchem -2 points 6 days ago In 2025 the pope is about as relevant as a hollywood actor. Vicar of bullshit permalink award report block reply hoaxproof -2 points 6 days ago Catholicism is the whore of revelation. permalink award report block reply KarenLukasik -2 points 6 days ago Dear Pope,we can figure it out without your help.Sincerely,The USA. permalink award report block reply Tired-Trucker -2 points 6 days ago Fuck all the popes. They are not following Christ teachings. permalink award report block reply FrankDuncan -2 points 6 days ago He's specifically talking about the Latinos who are good Catholics and would tithe money to the Catholic Church.. aka him permalink award report block reply cbonez416 -2 points 6 days ago He is totally wrong and I have 3 crusades in history to prove this!! permalink award report block reply DestroyerofCobwebs -2 points 6 days ago People traveling to an entirely different hemisphere just to plop themselves down and start making babies while they consume all available assistance programs has nothing to do with the charitable spirit discussed in the Bible. It's economic warfare.  They should be grateful we're not mowing them down with machine guns. permalink award report block reply MR__K -2 points 6 days ago This Americans shouldn't be forced to give charity based on the color of a foreigners skin. Charity is given willing from well off people. And america is not currently well off. permalink parent award report block reply Beelzy -2 points 6 days ago I don't see that jerk taking any in.
But then again he did go down on the muzzie cock. permalink award report block reply ahamrbond -2 points 6 days ago Just fuck the catholic church in general one of the greatest mass murderers in history they've been pushing this open borders shit. catholic charities were the main ones helping illegals. I think the Vatican needs to be investigated - the Vatican Bank is very secretive. permalink award report block reply RandyQuaidsBeard -2 points 6 days ago So, its not enough that I give them bread from my table, I must give them my childrens and grandchildren future? Fuck you fraud pope. permalink award report block reply PearlyGaits57 -2 points 6 days ago The Vatican. One of the trifecta of EVIL in the world. The Vatican, DC, and London. EVIL! permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 6 days ago The Vatican. One of the trifecta of EVIL in the world. The Vatican, DC, and London. EVIL! Islam gets a pass? Interesting. permalink parent award report block reply ThouShallNotSteal -3 points 6 days ago Rich hypocracy. permalink award report block reply Maganifice7 -3 points 6 days ago Catholics need to thing real hard about this retarded version of Christianity they are following permalink award report block reply rkwittem -3 points 6 days ago He spent way too much time in the 3rd world and now thinks like them permalink award report block reply Yamel13 -3 points 6 days ago Screw all of them. They don’t speak for God. Christ is KING! permalink award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago oh, this is why you have been downvoted.  Well, I'm not a Pope worshipper or an easter worshipper for that matter.  I'm a Catholic and I love being a Catholic.  It's true that this sort of things doesn't happen in Orthodoxy but that's because no patriarch is powerful enough to speak for the whole Orthodox constellation of ethnicities, nationalities etc.  However, history is full of patriarchs who have used and abused their positions to enrich themselves, play politics and crush dissent.    I'm not saying this isn't true of the Catholic Church too, it is, but don't argue that the Orthodox don't have the same thing going on.   The Russian Patriarch is tied at the hip to Putin and he's playing politics. We have some bad popes right now.  We've had bad popes before and we'll probably more bad popes.  I don't know why God puts up with bad clerics.  I think it's so we don't put our faith in human beings but rather in the Sacraments, where both of us believe Jesus is truly found and we are truly saved. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Not the reason all my other posts were downvoted, this post and the second sentence in this post particularly were made as a reaction to all the reasonable folks being downvoted. I did not mean Catholics as a whole, just the ones in this thread that take the Popes word as inarguable gospel and refuse to hear other scripture but the one brought up by this globalist. Tho I did write this out of anger at some of the Catholics in this thread, that is true. But I in no way think Catholics are not welcome in the Kingdom of God. Both of our Churches came from the one original Church. I need to pick my words more carefully and not speak out of pride. I apologize. And you're right. The Russian Patriarch can go fuck himself too. Along with all corrupt Popes and Patriarchs throughout history. Again I spoke out of anger, I'm sorry for acting like I was superior. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago No problem.  I am a devout Catholic and I believe everything the Catholic Church teaches about the papacy.  However, I have zero respect for Pope Bob or Anti-Pope Frank.  These are not men of God.  They are men of the world and they're leading the faithful into perdition.   For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank.  They just aren't screaming it from the rooftops and those who make their living off Catholic books, stores, trade etc have been warned by bishops to back off criticism.  They're not fooling anyone though.   Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout.  They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. There is no shortage of criticism about Pope Bob from Catholics.   The nomenculture Catholics use to describe is FtR Prevost...Prevost  is Pope Bob's real last name and FtR stands for "Fuck the Rules".  FtR allowed a bunch of flaming gay faggots doing public displays of homoeroticism with in St.Peter's at the Vatican and they openly had shorts on and FtR displayed prominently on rainbow striped shirts, backpacks etc.   So, now, if you want to let Catholics know how you feel and lend support to those of us fighting this, just call Bob FtR Prevost.  We'll get it. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank. I'm very thankful to hear that. Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout. They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. Seeing the latter liberal type of Catholics somehow being on patriots.win threw me for a loop. Thank you for the education on based Catholics. I was not sure how many of them were like me willing to reject corrupt Church leaders. This was eye opening. Thanks, and screw FtR. ✞🤝☦ permalink parent award report block reply LiteraIIyHitIer -3 points 6 days ago Open borders for the Vatican and Israel! Diversity is your strength! permalink award report block reply ramennov -3 points 6 days ago Fuck the Vatican.  Anyone they select as Pope will be shit. permalink award report block reply DanofMan -3 points 6 days ago So welcome the foreigner = illegal immigration? One law for you and those who sojourn among you. permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago So welcome the foreigner = illegal immigration? No. Who is the stranger in Matthew 25? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21,Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7. They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Your passage doesn't mean EVERYONE is allowed in freely. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35 The pope framed his comments with Matthew 25, although I think most people missed that since they couldn't be bothered to actually to watch the video. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: FrenFinder -1 points 1 hour ago
You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Of course the pope only talked about the one passage that is convenient for a globalist puppet and ignored all other passages that would destroy his pro open borders arguments. You ignoring the rest of my cited scripture means you only want to hang on to that one passage and ignore all others on this topic that would broaden the conversion, like your pope. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: Yes the comment is regarding blind Pope worshipers that hang onto his every word like gospel, not Catholics in totality. Keep ignoring every other piece of scripture that is inconvenient to your lord Pope. Good day. permalink parent award report block reply NYRepublican72 -3 points 6 days ago Pope Leo, tear down the Vatican City wall. permalink award report block reply DictatorHasNoClothes -3 points 6 days ago And gets taxpayer money to facilitate the invasion. permalink award report block reply chickeninoven -3 points 6 days ago Meet the new Poop, just like the old Poop. permalink award report block reply Frenchie619 -3 points 6 days ago The Bible clearly stays to treat others as you would like to be treated.  Another way to look at that is that everyone had to follow the same laws.  Illegals didn't and they have to go. Pope needs to do some homework. permalink award report block reply FrankDuncan -3 points 6 days ago I'll do just that, as soon as the Vatican demolishes it's walls and let's everyone inside. permalink award report block reply Saltyminer11 -3 points 6 days ago He said YOU are. Not him, you. permalink award report block reply MemeLawd -3 points 6 days ago The catholic church is controlled by jews. permalink award report block reply RyanKeyOh -3 points 6 days ago You first permalink award report block reply GhostOfTheRepublic -3 points 6 days ago Why do you care?  RCC is blaspheme. permalink award report block reply Goozmania -4 points 6 days ago Catholicism = communism. There are 1.5 billion Catholics in this world and the majority come from communist countries. The whole religion, for better or worse, is about mercy, which is why the majority of Catholics are leftists. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago How do you get that the majority come from communist countries?   The most Catholic countries in the world are in Central America, South America and a few places in Asia.  Historically, it's been Italy, France, Portugal and Spain.  None of which are communist. The former Soviet block countries were not majority Catholic, except for Poland and Hungary.  They were Eastern Orthodox.   Lithuania is also an exception as it was majority Lutheran. permalink parent award report block reply Antemalagon -4 points 6 days ago Completely against scripture. Scripture says aliens should submit to the laws of the land, one being dont fucking enter illegally. permalink award report block reply Brownwaterboys -4 points 6 days ago Ok mr pope.. how many immigrants can we put you down for. I mean you do have billions to pay for all of them. How about we start you off with 10k for the vatican. See how you like that permalink award report block reply rootGoose -4 points 6 days ago Pope Bob permalink award report block reply patrioticwinning3 -4 points 6 days ago Ok Pope, lead by example!  TEAR DOWN THE VATICAN WALLS AND WELCOME THE FOREIGNERS!  Don't be rude, be sure and share all of your gold and art with them, gotta "welcome" them after all :p permalink award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally -4 points 6 days ago I warned people, but they kept insisting I was wrong. Schadenfreude. permalink award report block reply SCHULTZ 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
Comanche_Moon 66 points 6 days ago So says the man who lives behind a wall. permalink award report block reply henri_derelicte 44 points 6 days ago And has armed security permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 32 points 6 days ago And the strictest immigration policy on the planet permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 19 points 6 days ago And zero transparency. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 6 days ago Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago As with my other friend, if you're being targeted on the account that you accused the Pope of something about pedophilia.  You're wrong.  There's no evidence right now that Pope Leo is a pedophile.  However, he does enable it to some degree. Pope Leo praised and called Don Lorenzo Milani a prophet and Don Lorenzo Milani was an active pedophile and encouraged other priests to be so.    So in that sense yes, Leo is enabling pedophilia. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Protonboy -3 points 6 days ago And, there aren't H1B people taking his job from him. permalink parent award report block reply suckmycorona 10 points 6 days ago a huge wall permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago A wall that's huge because of muslim invasion, they had a fifty foot one first and it wasn't enough. permalink parent award report block reply BlackPilledMAGA 6 points 6 days ago I am so sick of these fucking Popes. Easily the most useless figureheads on the planet. Every one of them is a fraud. PS. Fuck this guy in particular. Supposed to receive and welcome freeloaders? NO, you go ahead and receive and welcome them as they completely drain the savings of your Vatican City within one year, then you start racking up debt for your kids and grand kids as more and more keep coming in expecting YOU to give them your money to survive. I suppose it's no coincidence that a person who believes magic in the sky makes everything happen just expects everything to magically be OK when you let anyone and everyone into your country.. he's never even realized that all of the money has to come from a REAL source, that being the legal citizens who live in said country being invaded. If he has realized that then he's far to flippant in telling other people how charitable they must be when he himself gives none and is basically a charity case surviving on donations. permalink parent award report block reply wilburh09 -4 points 6 days ago Typical democrat mentality. “ Help all illegals from random 3rd world countries that hate your society and want to kill you and rape your wife and live off your taxpayer money”. How about go kill yourself pope? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 0 points 6 days ago The Pope wants whites to kill themselves because Pope Leo probably got some antiwhite opinions while working in Central America, along with his commie opinions.  Like Francis, they want Catholics to be dirt poor, uneducated and just obey government no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply TD_Covfefe_Crusader -3 points 6 days ago So says the man who blessed a block of ice at a globalist climate event while the cultists performed some pagan ritual. I genuinely feel bad for Catholics having this guy as their Pope.. permalink parent award report block reply
henri_derelicte 44 points 6 days ago And has armed security permalink parent award report block reply South_Florida_Guy 32 points 6 days ago And the strictest immigration policy on the planet permalink parent award report block reply CovfefeVideo 19 points 6 days ago And zero transparency. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 6 days ago Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago As with my other friend, if you're being targeted on the account that you accused the Pope of something about pedophilia.  You're wrong.  There's no evidence right now that Pope Leo is a pedophile.  However, he does enable it to some degree. Pope Leo praised and called Don Lorenzo Milani a prophet and Don Lorenzo Milani was an active pedophile and encouraged other priests to be so.    So in that sense yes, Leo is enabling pedophilia. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Protonboy -3 points 6 days ago And, there aren't H1B people taking his job from him. permalink parent award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy 32 points 6 days ago And the strictest immigration policy on the planet permalink parent award report block reply
CovfefeVideo 19 points 6 days ago And zero transparency. permalink parent award report block reply deleted 1 points 6 days ago Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago As with my other friend, if you're being targeted on the account that you accused the Pope of something about pedophilia.  You're wrong.  There's no evidence right now that Pope Leo is a pedophile.  However, he does enable it to some degree. Pope Leo praised and called Don Lorenzo Milani a prophet and Don Lorenzo Milani was an active pedophile and encouraged other priests to be so.    So in that sense yes, Leo is enabling pedophilia. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... Protonboy -3 points 6 days ago And, there aren't H1B people taking his job from him. permalink parent award report block reply
deleted 1 points 6 days ago Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago As with my other friend, if you're being targeted on the account that you accused the Pope of something about pedophilia.  You're wrong.  There's no evidence right now that Pope Leo is a pedophile.  However, he does enable it to some degree. Pope Leo praised and called Don Lorenzo Milani a prophet and Don Lorenzo Milani was an active pedophile and encouraged other priests to be so.    So in that sense yes, Leo is enabling pedophilia. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago As with my other friend, if you're being targeted on the account that you accused the Pope of something about pedophilia.  You're wrong.  There's no evidence right now that Pope Leo is a pedophile.  However, he does enable it to some degree. Pope Leo praised and called Don Lorenzo Milani a prophet and Don Lorenzo Milani was an active pedophile and encouraged other priests to be so.    So in that sense yes, Leo is enabling pedophilia. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
Protonboy -3 points 6 days ago And, there aren't H1B people taking his job from him. permalink parent award report block reply
suckmycorona 10 points 6 days ago a huge wall permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago A wall that's huge because of muslim invasion, they had a fifty foot one first and it wasn't enough. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago A wall that's huge because of muslim invasion, they had a fifty foot one first and it wasn't enough. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackPilledMAGA 6 points 6 days ago I am so sick of these fucking Popes. Easily the most useless figureheads on the planet. Every one of them is a fraud. PS. Fuck this guy in particular. Supposed to receive and welcome freeloaders? NO, you go ahead and receive and welcome them as they completely drain the savings of your Vatican City within one year, then you start racking up debt for your kids and grand kids as more and more keep coming in expecting YOU to give them your money to survive. I suppose it's no coincidence that a person who believes magic in the sky makes everything happen just expects everything to magically be OK when you let anyone and everyone into your country.. he's never even realized that all of the money has to come from a REAL source, that being the legal citizens who live in said country being invaded. If he has realized that then he's far to flippant in telling other people how charitable they must be when he himself gives none and is basically a charity case surviving on donations. permalink parent award report block reply wilburh09 -4 points 6 days ago Typical democrat mentality. “ Help all illegals from random 3rd world countries that hate your society and want to kill you and rape your wife and live off your taxpayer money”. How about go kill yourself pope? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 0 points 6 days ago The Pope wants whites to kill themselves because Pope Leo probably got some antiwhite opinions while working in Central America, along with his commie opinions.  Like Francis, they want Catholics to be dirt poor, uneducated and just obey government no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply
wilburh09 -4 points 6 days ago Typical democrat mentality. “ Help all illegals from random 3rd world countries that hate your society and want to kill you and rape your wife and live off your taxpayer money”. How about go kill yourself pope? permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 0 points 6 days ago The Pope wants whites to kill themselves because Pope Leo probably got some antiwhite opinions while working in Central America, along with his commie opinions.  Like Francis, they want Catholics to be dirt poor, uneducated and just obey government no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 0 points 6 days ago The Pope wants whites to kill themselves because Pope Leo probably got some antiwhite opinions while working in Central America, along with his commie opinions.  Like Francis, they want Catholics to be dirt poor, uneducated and just obey government no matter what. permalink parent award report block reply
TD_Covfefe_Crusader -3 points 6 days ago So says the man who blessed a block of ice at a globalist climate event while the cultists performed some pagan ritual. I genuinely feel bad for Catholics having this guy as their Pope.. permalink parent award report block reply
DiamondDroid 27 points 6 days ago Vatican City first you blasphemous spawn of satan. permalink award report block reply monkadelic -2 points 6 days ago Well, no. That would be dangerous to just allow anyone in. permalink parent award report block reply jtowers2255 -3 points 6 days ago Nice. permalink parent award report block reply
monkadelic -2 points 6 days ago Well, no. That would be dangerous to just allow anyone in. permalink parent award report block reply jtowers2255 -3 points 6 days ago Nice. permalink parent award report block reply
jtowers2255 -3 points 6 days ago Nice. permalink parent award report block reply
Steve56775 15 points 6 days ago Selected by the WEF. permalink award report block reply
Deplorable_Yankee 9 points 6 days ago I don’t know how many times I have to say this but the Pope is a NOBODY. You don’t need the pope to accept Jesus Christ into your heart and repent. permalink award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 5 points 6 days ago We are commanded to submit to right authority, which Jesus set up through the first Pope, Peter. The Pope is the Vicar of Christ. If you want to obey God, you have to submit to this office in the Catholic Church. Thems the rules. That doesn't mean you have to do whatever the Pope says, because they must be a RIGHT authority. Popes rarely speak with infallibility, and may only do so on matters that are critical to the faith. That's a whole formal process. When the Pope is just out there in the world talking to reporters and shit, he's just any other clergyman in terms of the import of what he says. Whenever you hear "You don't HAVE to do/believe/say such and such to be saved", think about the line of thinking behind that. That line of thinking is rooted in arrogance, that you are sufficiently capable of interpreting and discerning well enough to earn Heaven. That is inherently false and heretical. Submission to God's will means following ALL of his commands, in the way that He set up for us. That means the one true Church, flawed as it may be. permalink parent award report block reply Reefay 3 points 6 days ago Say Nope to Pope permalink parent award report block reply superwookee -2 points 6 days ago If marketing agencies existed during the reformation lol permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 6 days ago How do you think they got people to believe Martin Luther actually nailed his blasphemous papers to the church door when that never actually happened? permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -2 points 6 days ago There is no pope in scripture and neither the pope or Catholic priests meet the biblical requirements of a pastor or elders. It must be a married man with obedient children. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 9 points 6 days ago I'm Catholic and I disagree.  The papacy is in scripture.  You just don't understand scripture well enough to see it. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Sorry bro, but you're wrong. Here's someone smarter than both of us breaking it down in several ways: https://youtu.be/2SzRhqbVPes https://youtu.be/1rp6jpW1cQI https://youtu.be/ckZ6dQJHkB0 https://youtu.be/GT4Mc59Cmy4 permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I'll give you a debate between two much smarter men than that youngster. https://youtu.be/MjmKsB0XpE4?si=QcnJ306Ewkqtekzo Dr James White has more qualifications, degrees, and books written than that kid has ever attended. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago lol, the guy I linked to owns the shit out of White. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... superwookee -6 points 6 days ago Biblical proof of what your saying? Because requiring marriage and children for a servant of God is as heretical as the papist celibacy requirement. There's a ditch on either side of the road: you are in one and the papist are in the other. permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I didn't say "servant of God" I said pastor or elder. And that's easy. Is 2 enough or do you need more? Two primary passages set the standard for pastors (also called elders or overseers) to be married men with children: 1 Timothy 3:1–5 “If a man desires the office of a bishop, he desires a good work. A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach… one that rules well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity. For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?” Titus 1:5–6 “For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city… If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.” These passages don’t mean a man must be married to be a Christian, but they do mean that the pattern for pastoral and elder leadership is a man proven in household governance—faithful to one wife and competent in raising disciplined, believing children. If he can’t shepherd a home, he’s unfit to shepherd a flock. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Who decides who qualifies as a pastor or elder? By what authority? The Popes, bishops, and priests all trace their lineage and thus authority back to Peter, who was given it by Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
NoticesBugleOWO 5 points 6 days ago We are commanded to submit to right authority, which Jesus set up through the first Pope, Peter. The Pope is the Vicar of Christ. If you want to obey God, you have to submit to this office in the Catholic Church. Thems the rules. That doesn't mean you have to do whatever the Pope says, because they must be a RIGHT authority. Popes rarely speak with infallibility, and may only do so on matters that are critical to the faith. That's a whole formal process. When the Pope is just out there in the world talking to reporters and shit, he's just any other clergyman in terms of the import of what he says. Whenever you hear "You don't HAVE to do/believe/say such and such to be saved", think about the line of thinking behind that. That line of thinking is rooted in arrogance, that you are sufficiently capable of interpreting and discerning well enough to earn Heaven. That is inherently false and heretical. Submission to God's will means following ALL of his commands, in the way that He set up for us. That means the one true Church, flawed as it may be. permalink parent award report block reply
Reefay 3 points 6 days ago Say Nope to Pope permalink parent award report block reply superwookee -2 points 6 days ago If marketing agencies existed during the reformation lol permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 6 days ago How do you think they got people to believe Martin Luther actually nailed his blasphemous papers to the church door when that never actually happened? permalink parent award report block reply
superwookee -2 points 6 days ago If marketing agencies existed during the reformation lol permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 6 days ago How do you think they got people to believe Martin Luther actually nailed his blasphemous papers to the church door when that never actually happened? permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 3 points 6 days ago How do you think they got people to believe Martin Luther actually nailed his blasphemous papers to the church door when that never actually happened? permalink parent award report block reply
DemPanicAtTheDisco -2 points 6 days ago There is no pope in scripture and neither the pope or Catholic priests meet the biblical requirements of a pastor or elders. It must be a married man with obedient children. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 9 points 6 days ago I'm Catholic and I disagree.  The papacy is in scripture.  You just don't understand scripture well enough to see it. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Sorry bro, but you're wrong. Here's someone smarter than both of us breaking it down in several ways: https://youtu.be/2SzRhqbVPes https://youtu.be/1rp6jpW1cQI https://youtu.be/ckZ6dQJHkB0 https://youtu.be/GT4Mc59Cmy4 permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I'll give you a debate between two much smarter men than that youngster. https://youtu.be/MjmKsB0XpE4?si=QcnJ306Ewkqtekzo Dr James White has more qualifications, degrees, and books written than that kid has ever attended. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago lol, the guy I linked to owns the shit out of White. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments... superwookee -6 points 6 days ago Biblical proof of what your saying? Because requiring marriage and children for a servant of God is as heretical as the papist celibacy requirement. There's a ditch on either side of the road: you are in one and the papist are in the other. permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I didn't say "servant of God" I said pastor or elder. And that's easy. Is 2 enough or do you need more? Two primary passages set the standard for pastors (also called elders or overseers) to be married men with children: 1 Timothy 3:1–5 “If a man desires the office of a bishop, he desires a good work. A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach… one that rules well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity. For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?” Titus 1:5–6 “For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city… If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.” These passages don’t mean a man must be married to be a Christian, but they do mean that the pattern for pastoral and elder leadership is a man proven in household governance—faithful to one wife and competent in raising disciplined, believing children. If he can’t shepherd a home, he’s unfit to shepherd a flock. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Who decides who qualifies as a pastor or elder? By what authority? The Popes, bishops, and priests all trace their lineage and thus authority back to Peter, who was given it by Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Smurfection 9 points 6 days ago I'm Catholic and I disagree.  The papacy is in scripture.  You just don't understand scripture well enough to see it. permalink parent award report block reply
NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Sorry bro, but you're wrong. Here's someone smarter than both of us breaking it down in several ways: https://youtu.be/2SzRhqbVPes https://youtu.be/1rp6jpW1cQI https://youtu.be/ckZ6dQJHkB0 https://youtu.be/GT4Mc59Cmy4 permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I'll give you a debate between two much smarter men than that youngster. https://youtu.be/MjmKsB0XpE4?si=QcnJ306Ewkqtekzo Dr James White has more qualifications, degrees, and books written than that kid has ever attended. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago lol, the guy I linked to owns the shit out of White. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I'll give you a debate between two much smarter men than that youngster. https://youtu.be/MjmKsB0XpE4?si=QcnJ306Ewkqtekzo Dr James White has more qualifications, degrees, and books written than that kid has ever attended. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago lol, the guy I linked to owns the shit out of White. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago lol, the guy I linked to owns the shit out of White. permalink parent award report block reply view 2 more comments...
superwookee -6 points 6 days ago Biblical proof of what your saying? Because requiring marriage and children for a servant of God is as heretical as the papist celibacy requirement. There's a ditch on either side of the road: you are in one and the papist are in the other. permalink parent award report block reply DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I didn't say "servant of God" I said pastor or elder. And that's easy. Is 2 enough or do you need more? Two primary passages set the standard for pastors (also called elders or overseers) to be married men with children: 1 Timothy 3:1–5 “If a man desires the office of a bishop, he desires a good work. A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach… one that rules well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity. For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?” Titus 1:5–6 “For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city… If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.” These passages don’t mean a man must be married to be a Christian, but they do mean that the pattern for pastoral and elder leadership is a man proven in household governance—faithful to one wife and competent in raising disciplined, believing children. If he can’t shepherd a home, he’s unfit to shepherd a flock. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Who decides who qualifies as a pastor or elder? By what authority? The Popes, bishops, and priests all trace their lineage and thus authority back to Peter, who was given it by Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
DemPanicAtTheDisco -3 points 6 days ago I didn't say "servant of God" I said pastor or elder. And that's easy. Is 2 enough or do you need more? Two primary passages set the standard for pastors (also called elders or overseers) to be married men with children: 1 Timothy 3:1–5 “If a man desires the office of a bishop, he desires a good work. A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach… one that rules well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity. For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?” Titus 1:5–6 “For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city… If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.” These passages don’t mean a man must be married to be a Christian, but they do mean that the pattern for pastoral and elder leadership is a man proven in household governance—faithful to one wife and competent in raising disciplined, believing children. If he can’t shepherd a home, he’s unfit to shepherd a flock. permalink parent award report block reply NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Who decides who qualifies as a pastor or elder? By what authority? The Popes, bishops, and priests all trace their lineage and thus authority back to Peter, who was given it by Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
NoticesBugleOWO 4 points 6 days ago Who decides who qualifies as a pastor or elder? By what authority? The Popes, bishops, and priests all trace their lineage and thus authority back to Peter, who was given it by Jesus. permalink parent award report block reply view 4 more comments...
Savage_Patriot_1776 9 points 6 days ago Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 8 points 6 days ago Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka You need to reevaluate your news sources. He has repeatedly condemned it. Pope Leo XIV offered prayers for the victims of a devastating massacre in Benue State, N----ia, where approximately 200 people—mostly internally displaced persons sheltering at a local Catholic mission—were brutally killed in a midnight attack between the 13 and 14 June. The Pope spoke out about the killings during his Sunday Angelus prayer, last Sunday. An editorial for the N----ian Catholic Network, written by Church authorities at the Catholic Secretariat of N----ia, Abuja, has commended Pope Leo XIV for his prompt message, “condemning the evil visited on the people and praying for their souls.” According to the editorial, the N----ian Church appreciates the Pope’s closeness to N----ia over the killings in Benue State. They, however, sharply criticised the silence, inaction, and how N----ian authorities often handle these matters. permalink parent award report block reply OneMoreHome 8 points 6 days ago He only answered reporters’ questions. You should ask the reporters why they didn’t ask the pope about it. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Oh the Catholic Curio studiously avoids any mention of Catholics and Christians being kidnapped and murdered anywhere on Earth.  They're just trying to reach out to other "faith traditions" that do the kidnapping and murdering. permalink parent award report block reply ReleasetheList -1 points 6 days ago That's not okay to say for the PC Pope. permalink parent award report block reply
MaybeKari 8 points 6 days ago Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka You need to reevaluate your news sources. He has repeatedly condemned it. Pope Leo XIV offered prayers for the victims of a devastating massacre in Benue State, N----ia, where approximately 200 people—mostly internally displaced persons sheltering at a local Catholic mission—were brutally killed in a midnight attack between the 13 and 14 June. The Pope spoke out about the killings during his Sunday Angelus prayer, last Sunday. An editorial for the N----ian Catholic Network, written by Church authorities at the Catholic Secretariat of N----ia, Abuja, has commended Pope Leo XIV for his prompt message, “condemning the evil visited on the people and praying for their souls.” According to the editorial, the N----ian Church appreciates the Pope’s closeness to N----ia over the killings in Benue State. They, however, sharply criticised the silence, inaction, and how N----ian authorities often handle these matters. permalink parent award report block reply
OneMoreHome 8 points 6 days ago He only answered reporters’ questions. You should ask the reporters why they didn’t ask the pope about it. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Oh the Catholic Curio studiously avoids any mention of Catholics and Christians being kidnapped and murdered anywhere on Earth.  They're just trying to reach out to other "faith traditions" that do the kidnapping and murdering. permalink parent award report block reply
ReleasetheList -1 points 6 days ago That's not okay to say for the PC Pope. permalink parent award report block reply
overblod 6 points 6 days ago Another pedo from the underbelly of Chicago raising his fangs. permalink award report block reply
henri_derelicte 5 points 6 days ago Taking all of these foreigners and migrants will bankrupt this country. It already is a drain on our finances and harming our ability to protect vulnerable US citizens. While Jesus has the ability to save everyone, us mere mortals must contend with the fact that we cannot. permalink award report block reply Nothing007 2 points 6 days ago If you haven't seen this video with the marbles, it's worth a watch.  Makes your point VERY soundly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iatxAIQTij4 EDIT: Very interesting the downvotes. For those who haven't seen or won't watch, this video very clear shows why we should NEVER EVER attempt to allow immigration into the US like we've been doing.  It will DESTROY us beyond any repair.  I suppose those downvotes are the lurkers on this board that desire the destruction of the United States.  That's quite literally the only interpretation, especially with a very simple video. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 2 points 6 days ago I love that video, it's excellent. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago That's the plan, Cloward-Piven. permalink parent award report block reply
Nothing007 2 points 6 days ago If you haven't seen this video with the marbles, it's worth a watch.  Makes your point VERY soundly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iatxAIQTij4 EDIT: Very interesting the downvotes. For those who haven't seen or won't watch, this video very clear shows why we should NEVER EVER attempt to allow immigration into the US like we've been doing.  It will DESTROY us beyond any repair.  I suppose those downvotes are the lurkers on this board that desire the destruction of the United States.  That's quite literally the only interpretation, especially with a very simple video. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 2 points 6 days ago I love that video, it's excellent. permalink parent award report block reply
MaybeKari 2 points 6 days ago I love that video, it's excellent. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 6 days ago That's the plan, Cloward-Piven. permalink parent award report block reply
rezimx 1 points 6 days ago I do receive and welcome them...legally.  Come for a visit!  Ill show you around town and give you some dinner. What i dont do is allow people to come here under the cover of night, lie, steal and manipulate.  I'm kind, but im not a sucker. permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 8 points 6 days ago I do receive and welcome them...legally. Right, and that is Catholic teaching: CCC 2241 Immigrants are obliged to respect with gratitude the material and spiritual heritage of the country that receives them, to obey its laws and to assist in carrying civic burdens. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago I don't want tax dodging illegals that only take and don't give their fair share. "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." permalink parent award report block reply
MaybeKari 8 points 6 days ago I do receive and welcome them...legally. Right, and that is Catholic teaching: CCC 2241 Immigrants are obliged to respect with gratitude the material and spiritual heritage of the country that receives them, to obey its laws and to assist in carrying civic burdens. permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago I don't want tax dodging illegals that only take and don't give their fair share. "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." permalink parent award report block reply
asiatrails 1 points 6 days ago We are only supposed to welcome the ones who apply and are accepted by us.  We do not accept the midnight burglars who eat the dog, empty the refrigerator, and claim they are part of the family permalink award report block reply
TheSwampThang 1 points 6 days ago Yes we can be welcoming. The issue is the deep state creates artificial crisis and facilitates the migration way more than a country can naturally handle.  If the deep state didn't cause havoc in Latin America and if there weren't a system that bribes people to migrate here, our immigration would be way more natural and manageable.  Mexico,  Columbia,  Honduras...etc should all be very strong middle class countries.   The deep state does everything they can to mess things up. permalink award report block reply
5DchessWatch 1 points 6 days ago The little barky dog in the background was the highlight of this video permalink award report block reply
RagnarD 1 points 6 days ago Not when that foreigner is part of an invading army. permalink award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Given that a lot of these "foreigners" are Catholics from South of the Border, I hope Pope Leo can explain why there aren't chapels at the centers to hold Mass or regular confessions being heard?  OH yeah, it's because Catholic Charities and LGBTQ+ Bishops in Democrat cities wouldn't get checks from the Federal Government.   Ya see, Government programs don't donate to charitable programs if priests and pastors promote Christianity. Also, I really wonder why it is that Pope Leo and so many Catholic prelates feel free to lecture us about "welcoming the foreigner" but aren't lecturing the foreigner to obey our laws, enter legally, don't join Satanic gangs, stop raping, stop buying and selling drugs, learn the language, don't lie, don't set up international theft ringss and don't defraud programs.  Oh yeah, it's because they're trying to encourage the illegal aliens to invade because they get money. For those who want to pick on Catholics here, It ain't just us.  It's Lutherans, Episcopalians, Methodists, Jews and almost all mainline religions.  Even Evangelicals adopt kids from Mission trips and encourage families to come to America.  Even our U.S. Soldiers in the Global War on Terror were encouraging Muslims to emigrate to the U.S. permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 7 points 6 days ago aren't lecturing the foreigner to obey our laws, enter legally, don't join Satanic gangs, stop raping, stop buying and selling drugs, learn the language, don't lie, don't set up international theft ringss and don't defraud programs. Yes, CCC 2241. I'd like to see this mentioned more often, too! permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Bingo. Not all are strangers that are referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21, Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7.  They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Why the heck are you being downvoted?  I didn't downvote you.  I pretty much agree with everything you said.  Do you have a troll following you around? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Naw take a look at the other comments in this thread, many people daring to speak against the popes narrative are being downvoted. Even no brainers like the comment by Savage_Patriot "Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka" 12 upvotes 5 downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Savage Patriot was downvoted because Pope Bob pretended to care about the Christians being killed in Africa and someone then quoted Pope Bob's scuttlebutt whimsy of virtue signaling. Also, just as you wouldn't like it Catholics or Protestants attacked the literal patriarchy or the Divine liturgy, Catholics don't like it when the institution of the papacy is attacked.  You'll have much better luck just attacking Pope Bob directly.  Like I said, FtR Prevost. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
MaybeKari 7 points 6 days ago aren't lecturing the foreigner to obey our laws, enter legally, don't join Satanic gangs, stop raping, stop buying and selling drugs, learn the language, don't lie, don't set up international theft ringss and don't defraud programs. Yes, CCC 2241. I'd like to see this mentioned more often, too! permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Bingo. Not all are strangers that are referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21, Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7.  They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Why the heck are you being downvoted?  I didn't downvote you.  I pretty much agree with everything you said.  Do you have a troll following you around? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Naw take a look at the other comments in this thread, many people daring to speak against the popes narrative are being downvoted. Even no brainers like the comment by Savage_Patriot "Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka" 12 upvotes 5 downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Savage Patriot was downvoted because Pope Bob pretended to care about the Christians being killed in Africa and someone then quoted Pope Bob's scuttlebutt whimsy of virtue signaling. Also, just as you wouldn't like it Catholics or Protestants attacked the literal patriarchy or the Divine liturgy, Catholics don't like it when the institution of the papacy is attacked.  You'll have much better luck just attacking Pope Bob directly.  Like I said, FtR Prevost. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Why the heck are you being downvoted?  I didn't downvote you.  I pretty much agree with everything you said.  Do you have a troll following you around? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Naw take a look at the other comments in this thread, many people daring to speak against the popes narrative are being downvoted. Even no brainers like the comment by Savage_Patriot "Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka" 12 upvotes 5 downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Savage Patriot was downvoted because Pope Bob pretended to care about the Christians being killed in Africa and someone then quoted Pope Bob's scuttlebutt whimsy of virtue signaling. Also, just as you wouldn't like it Catholics or Protestants attacked the literal patriarchy or the Divine liturgy, Catholics don't like it when the institution of the papacy is attacked.  You'll have much better luck just attacking Pope Bob directly.  Like I said, FtR Prevost. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Naw take a look at the other comments in this thread, many people daring to speak against the popes narrative are being downvoted. Even no brainers like the comment by Savage_Patriot "Nothing on Christians being killed in Afrikkka" 12 upvotes 5 downvotes. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Savage Patriot was downvoted because Pope Bob pretended to care about the Christians being killed in Africa and someone then quoted Pope Bob's scuttlebutt whimsy of virtue signaling. Also, just as you wouldn't like it Catholics or Protestants attacked the literal patriarchy or the Divine liturgy, Catholics don't like it when the institution of the papacy is attacked.  You'll have much better luck just attacking Pope Bob directly.  Like I said, FtR Prevost. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago Savage Patriot was downvoted because Pope Bob pretended to care about the Christians being killed in Africa and someone then quoted Pope Bob's scuttlebutt whimsy of virtue signaling. Also, just as you wouldn't like it Catholics or Protestants attacked the literal patriarchy or the Divine liturgy, Catholics don't like it when the institution of the papacy is attacked.  You'll have much better luck just attacking Pope Bob directly.  Like I said, FtR Prevost. permalink parent award report block reply view 7 more comments...
rangooooo 0 points 6 days ago Tear down those Vacitan walls and lead by example permalink award report block reply
hairless_ap3 0 points 6 days ago Yeah when is the Vatican going to open their fucking borders to the brown invasion permalink award report block reply
greatpumpkin -1 points 5 days ago Why do you think Francis II was ‘approved’ so quickly? permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 -1 points 6 days ago Shit like this is why church attendance is falling off a cliff. Religiosity already pre disposes people to be right wing, why are you spitting on your base permalink award report block reply
Kiwipede22 -2 points 6 days ago Send all illegal aliens to the Vatican.  They have lots of money stacked in their vaults… let them house and feed the illegal masses. permalink award report block reply
South_Florida_Guy -2 points 6 days ago Send them all to the Vatican then permalink award report block reply
Dev404 -2 points 6 days ago These pedos can shut their woke faggot mouths and go live among the muslims and third worlders they claim we all need to embrace while these fucks live behind secure walls and first world luxuries. Go to prison and then back to hell, demon in robes. permalink award report block reply
Mestroisfils -2 points 6 days ago As a catholic,  I say to him 'You First'. permalink award report block reply
Retardloserimsogay -2 points 6 days ago Satan worshipping faggot pope permalink award report block reply
Winter_Is_Coming2020 -2 points 6 days ago Maybe they should all be flown/imported to Rome - on the church’s dime of course. permalink award report block reply
cuhboose -2 points 6 days ago Should open the Vatican up first supreme faggotus permalink award report block reply
KennyKetchem -2 points 6 days ago In 2025 the pope is about as relevant as a hollywood actor. Vicar of bullshit permalink award report block reply
hoaxproof -2 points 6 days ago Catholicism is the whore of revelation. permalink award report block reply
KarenLukasik -2 points 6 days ago Dear Pope,we can figure it out without your help.Sincerely,The USA. permalink award report block reply
Tired-Trucker -2 points 6 days ago Fuck all the popes. They are not following Christ teachings. permalink award report block reply
FrankDuncan -2 points 6 days ago He's specifically talking about the Latinos who are good Catholics and would tithe money to the Catholic Church.. aka him permalink award report block reply
cbonez416 -2 points 6 days ago He is totally wrong and I have 3 crusades in history to prove this!! permalink award report block reply
DestroyerofCobwebs -2 points 6 days ago People traveling to an entirely different hemisphere just to plop themselves down and start making babies while they consume all available assistance programs has nothing to do with the charitable spirit discussed in the Bible. It's economic warfare.  They should be grateful we're not mowing them down with machine guns. permalink award report block reply MR__K -2 points 6 days ago This Americans shouldn't be forced to give charity based on the color of a foreigners skin. Charity is given willing from well off people. And america is not currently well off. permalink parent award report block reply
MR__K -2 points 6 days ago This Americans shouldn't be forced to give charity based on the color of a foreigners skin. Charity is given willing from well off people. And america is not currently well off. permalink parent award report block reply
Beelzy -2 points 6 days ago I don't see that jerk taking any in.
But then again he did go down on the muzzie cock. permalink award report block reply
ahamrbond -2 points 6 days ago Just fuck the catholic church in general one of the greatest mass murderers in history they've been pushing this open borders shit. catholic charities were the main ones helping illegals. I think the Vatican needs to be investigated - the Vatican Bank is very secretive. permalink award report block reply
RandyQuaidsBeard -2 points 6 days ago So, its not enough that I give them bread from my table, I must give them my childrens and grandchildren future? Fuck you fraud pope. permalink award report block reply
PearlyGaits57 -2 points 6 days ago The Vatican. One of the trifecta of EVIL in the world. The Vatican, DC, and London. EVIL! permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 6 days ago The Vatican. One of the trifecta of EVIL in the world. The Vatican, DC, and London. EVIL! Islam gets a pass? Interesting. permalink parent award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 5 points 6 days ago The Vatican. One of the trifecta of EVIL in the world. The Vatican, DC, and London. EVIL! Islam gets a pass? Interesting. permalink parent award report block reply
ThouShallNotSteal -3 points 6 days ago Rich hypocracy. permalink award report block reply
Maganifice7 -3 points 6 days ago Catholics need to thing real hard about this retarded version of Christianity they are following permalink award report block reply
rkwittem -3 points 6 days ago He spent way too much time in the 3rd world and now thinks like them permalink award report block reply
Yamel13 -3 points 6 days ago Screw all of them. They don’t speak for God. Christ is KING! permalink award report block reply
FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago oh, this is why you have been downvoted.  Well, I'm not a Pope worshipper or an easter worshipper for that matter.  I'm a Catholic and I love being a Catholic.  It's true that this sort of things doesn't happen in Orthodoxy but that's because no patriarch is powerful enough to speak for the whole Orthodox constellation of ethnicities, nationalities etc.  However, history is full of patriarchs who have used and abused their positions to enrich themselves, play politics and crush dissent.    I'm not saying this isn't true of the Catholic Church too, it is, but don't argue that the Orthodox don't have the same thing going on.   The Russian Patriarch is tied at the hip to Putin and he's playing politics. We have some bad popes right now.  We've had bad popes before and we'll probably more bad popes.  I don't know why God puts up with bad clerics.  I think it's so we don't put our faith in human beings but rather in the Sacraments, where both of us believe Jesus is truly found and we are truly saved. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Not the reason all my other posts were downvoted, this post and the second sentence in this post particularly were made as a reaction to all the reasonable folks being downvoted. I did not mean Catholics as a whole, just the ones in this thread that take the Popes word as inarguable gospel and refuse to hear other scripture but the one brought up by this globalist. Tho I did write this out of anger at some of the Catholics in this thread, that is true. But I in no way think Catholics are not welcome in the Kingdom of God. Both of our Churches came from the one original Church. I need to pick my words more carefully and not speak out of pride. I apologize. And you're right. The Russian Patriarch can go fuck himself too. Along with all corrupt Popes and Patriarchs throughout history. Again I spoke out of anger, I'm sorry for acting like I was superior. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago No problem.  I am a devout Catholic and I believe everything the Catholic Church teaches about the papacy.  However, I have zero respect for Pope Bob or Anti-Pope Frank.  These are not men of God.  They are men of the world and they're leading the faithful into perdition.   For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank.  They just aren't screaming it from the rooftops and those who make their living off Catholic books, stores, trade etc have been warned by bishops to back off criticism.  They're not fooling anyone though.   Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout.  They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. There is no shortage of criticism about Pope Bob from Catholics.   The nomenculture Catholics use to describe is FtR Prevost...Prevost  is Pope Bob's real last name and FtR stands for "Fuck the Rules".  FtR allowed a bunch of flaming gay faggots doing public displays of homoeroticism with in St.Peter's at the Vatican and they openly had shorts on and FtR displayed prominently on rainbow striped shirts, backpacks etc.   So, now, if you want to let Catholics know how you feel and lend support to those of us fighting this, just call Bob FtR Prevost.  We'll get it. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank. I'm very thankful to hear that. Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout. They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. Seeing the latter liberal type of Catholics somehow being on patriots.win threw me for a loop. Thank you for the education on based Catholics. I was not sure how many of them were like me willing to reject corrupt Church leaders. This was eye opening. Thanks, and screw FtR. ✞🤝☦ permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago oh, this is why you have been downvoted.  Well, I'm not a Pope worshipper or an easter worshipper for that matter.  I'm a Catholic and I love being a Catholic.  It's true that this sort of things doesn't happen in Orthodoxy but that's because no patriarch is powerful enough to speak for the whole Orthodox constellation of ethnicities, nationalities etc.  However, history is full of patriarchs who have used and abused their positions to enrich themselves, play politics and crush dissent.    I'm not saying this isn't true of the Catholic Church too, it is, but don't argue that the Orthodox don't have the same thing going on.   The Russian Patriarch is tied at the hip to Putin and he's playing politics. We have some bad popes right now.  We've had bad popes before and we'll probably more bad popes.  I don't know why God puts up with bad clerics.  I think it's so we don't put our faith in human beings but rather in the Sacraments, where both of us believe Jesus is truly found and we are truly saved. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Not the reason all my other posts were downvoted, this post and the second sentence in this post particularly were made as a reaction to all the reasonable folks being downvoted. I did not mean Catholics as a whole, just the ones in this thread that take the Popes word as inarguable gospel and refuse to hear other scripture but the one brought up by this globalist. Tho I did write this out of anger at some of the Catholics in this thread, that is true. But I in no way think Catholics are not welcome in the Kingdom of God. Both of our Churches came from the one original Church. I need to pick my words more carefully and not speak out of pride. I apologize. And you're right. The Russian Patriarch can go fuck himself too. Along with all corrupt Popes and Patriarchs throughout history. Again I spoke out of anger, I'm sorry for acting like I was superior. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago No problem.  I am a devout Catholic and I believe everything the Catholic Church teaches about the papacy.  However, I have zero respect for Pope Bob or Anti-Pope Frank.  These are not men of God.  They are men of the world and they're leading the faithful into perdition.   For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank.  They just aren't screaming it from the rooftops and those who make their living off Catholic books, stores, trade etc have been warned by bishops to back off criticism.  They're not fooling anyone though.   Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout.  They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. There is no shortage of criticism about Pope Bob from Catholics.   The nomenculture Catholics use to describe is FtR Prevost...Prevost  is Pope Bob's real last name and FtR stands for "Fuck the Rules".  FtR allowed a bunch of flaming gay faggots doing public displays of homoeroticism with in St.Peter's at the Vatican and they openly had shorts on and FtR displayed prominently on rainbow striped shirts, backpacks etc.   So, now, if you want to let Catholics know how you feel and lend support to those of us fighting this, just call Bob FtR Prevost.  We'll get it. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank. I'm very thankful to hear that. Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout. They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. Seeing the latter liberal type of Catholics somehow being on patriots.win threw me for a loop. Thank you for the education on based Catholics. I was not sure how many of them were like me willing to reject corrupt Church leaders. This was eye opening. Thanks, and screw FtR. ✞🤝☦ permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago Not the reason all my other posts were downvoted, this post and the second sentence in this post particularly were made as a reaction to all the reasonable folks being downvoted. I did not mean Catholics as a whole, just the ones in this thread that take the Popes word as inarguable gospel and refuse to hear other scripture but the one brought up by this globalist. Tho I did write this out of anger at some of the Catholics in this thread, that is true. But I in no way think Catholics are not welcome in the Kingdom of God. Both of our Churches came from the one original Church. I need to pick my words more carefully and not speak out of pride. I apologize. And you're right. The Russian Patriarch can go fuck himself too. Along with all corrupt Popes and Patriarchs throughout history. Again I spoke out of anger, I'm sorry for acting like I was superior. permalink parent award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago No problem.  I am a devout Catholic and I believe everything the Catholic Church teaches about the papacy.  However, I have zero respect for Pope Bob or Anti-Pope Frank.  These are not men of God.  They are men of the world and they're leading the faithful into perdition.   For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank.  They just aren't screaming it from the rooftops and those who make their living off Catholic books, stores, trade etc have been warned by bishops to back off criticism.  They're not fooling anyone though.   Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout.  They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. There is no shortage of criticism about Pope Bob from Catholics.   The nomenculture Catholics use to describe is FtR Prevost...Prevost  is Pope Bob's real last name and FtR stands for "Fuck the Rules".  FtR allowed a bunch of flaming gay faggots doing public displays of homoeroticism with in St.Peter's at the Vatican and they openly had shorts on and FtR displayed prominently on rainbow striped shirts, backpacks etc.   So, now, if you want to let Catholics know how you feel and lend support to those of us fighting this, just call Bob FtR Prevost.  We'll get it. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank. I'm very thankful to hear that. Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout. They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. Seeing the latter liberal type of Catholics somehow being on patriots.win threw me for a loop. Thank you for the education on based Catholics. I was not sure how many of them were like me willing to reject corrupt Church leaders. This was eye opening. Thanks, and screw FtR. ✞🤝☦ permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago No problem.  I am a devout Catholic and I believe everything the Catholic Church teaches about the papacy.  However, I have zero respect for Pope Bob or Anti-Pope Frank.  These are not men of God.  They are men of the world and they're leading the faithful into perdition.   For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank.  They just aren't screaming it from the rooftops and those who make their living off Catholic books, stores, trade etc have been warned by bishops to back off criticism.  They're not fooling anyone though.   Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout.  They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. There is no shortage of criticism about Pope Bob from Catholics.   The nomenculture Catholics use to describe is FtR Prevost...Prevost  is Pope Bob's real last name and FtR stands for "Fuck the Rules".  FtR allowed a bunch of flaming gay faggots doing public displays of homoeroticism with in St.Peter's at the Vatican and they openly had shorts on and FtR displayed prominently on rainbow striped shirts, backpacks etc.   So, now, if you want to let Catholics know how you feel and lend support to those of us fighting this, just call Bob FtR Prevost.  We'll get it. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank. I'm very thankful to hear that. Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout. They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. Seeing the latter liberal type of Catholics somehow being on patriots.win threw me for a loop. Thank you for the education on based Catholics. I was not sure how many of them were like me willing to reject corrupt Church leaders. This was eye opening. Thanks, and screw FtR. ✞🤝☦ permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder -3 points 6 days ago For the record, the vast majority of practicing Catholics don't have anything good to say about Bob or Frank. I'm very thankful to hear that. Frank and Bob are despised by Catholics who are faithful and devout. They're loved by commie, socialist and left wing Catholics who haven't seen the inside of a Church in years and the lesbians that go to Fr. faggot's Church, they love Bob and Frank too. Seeing the latter liberal type of Catholics somehow being on patriots.win threw me for a loop. Thank you for the education on based Catholics. I was not sure how many of them were like me willing to reject corrupt Church leaders. This was eye opening. Thanks, and screw FtR. ✞🤝☦ permalink parent award report block reply
LiteraIIyHitIer -3 points 6 days ago Open borders for the Vatican and Israel! Diversity is your strength! permalink award report block reply
ramennov -3 points 6 days ago Fuck the Vatican.  Anyone they select as Pope will be shit. permalink award report block reply
DanofMan -3 points 6 days ago So welcome the foreigner = illegal immigration? One law for you and those who sojourn among you. permalink award report block reply MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago So welcome the foreigner = illegal immigration? No. Who is the stranger in Matthew 25? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21,Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7. They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Your passage doesn't mean EVERYONE is allowed in freely. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35 The pope framed his comments with Matthew 25, although I think most people missed that since they couldn't be bothered to actually to watch the video. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: FrenFinder -1 points 1 hour ago
You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Of course the pope only talked about the one passage that is convenient for a globalist puppet and ignored all other passages that would destroy his pro open borders arguments. You ignoring the rest of my cited scripture means you only want to hang on to that one passage and ignore all others on this topic that would broaden the conversion, like your pope. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: Yes the comment is regarding blind Pope worshipers that hang onto his every word like gospel, not Catholics in totality. Keep ignoring every other piece of scripture that is inconvenient to your lord Pope. Good day. permalink parent award report block reply
MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago So welcome the foreigner = illegal immigration? No. Who is the stranger in Matthew 25? permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21,Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7. They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Your passage doesn't mean EVERYONE is allowed in freely. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35 The pope framed his comments with Matthew 25, although I think most people missed that since they couldn't be bothered to actually to watch the video. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: FrenFinder -1 points 1 hour ago
You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Of course the pope only talked about the one passage that is convenient for a globalist puppet and ignored all other passages that would destroy his pro open borders arguments. You ignoring the rest of my cited scripture means you only want to hang on to that one passage and ignore all others on this topic that would broaden the conversion, like your pope. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: Yes the comment is regarding blind Pope worshipers that hang onto his every word like gospel, not Catholics in totality. Keep ignoring every other piece of scripture that is inconvenient to your lord Pope. Good day. permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35. Look also at Matthew 22:21,Peter 2:13-16, Romans 13:1-7. They aren't all "marginalized" and most don't follow in accordance with many other scriptures that emphasize respecting the nations that foreigners come into. If they are willing to be civilized members of society and willing to be follow the nations laws, they are welcome. Your passage doesn't mean EVERYONE is allowed in freely. Scriptures are not insulated from other scriptures, they work together. permalink parent award report block reply MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35 The pope framed his comments with Matthew 25, although I think most people missed that since they couldn't be bothered to actually to watch the video. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: FrenFinder -1 points 1 hour ago
You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Of course the pope only talked about the one passage that is convenient for a globalist puppet and ignored all other passages that would destroy his pro open borders arguments. You ignoring the rest of my cited scripture means you only want to hang on to that one passage and ignore all others on this topic that would broaden the conversion, like your pope. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: Yes the comment is regarding blind Pope worshipers that hang onto his every word like gospel, not Catholics in totality. Keep ignoring every other piece of scripture that is inconvenient to your lord Pope. Good day. permalink parent award report block reply
MaybeKari 4 points 6 days ago Not all are strangers referenced in Matthew 25:35 The pope framed his comments with Matthew 25, although I think most people missed that since they couldn't be bothered to actually to watch the video. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: FrenFinder -1 points 1 hour ago
You don't get this kind of shit in Orthodoxy. ☦️ Butthurt pope worshippers in this thread can bite me. permalink parent award report block reply FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Of course the pope only talked about the one passage that is convenient for a globalist puppet and ignored all other passages that would destroy his pro open borders arguments. You ignoring the rest of my cited scripture means you only want to hang on to that one passage and ignore all others on this topic that would broaden the conversion, like your pope. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: Yes the comment is regarding blind Pope worshipers that hang onto his every word like gospel, not Catholics in totality. Keep ignoring every other piece of scripture that is inconvenient to your lord Pope. Good day. permalink parent award report block reply
FrenFinder -4 points 6 days ago Of course the pope only talked about the one passage that is convenient for a globalist puppet and ignored all other passages that would destroy his pro open borders arguments. You ignoring the rest of my cited scripture means you only want to hang on to that one passage and ignore all others on this topic that would broaden the conversion, like your pope. Given your other comments you're clearly not interested in a genuine discussion, anyway: Yes the comment is regarding blind Pope worshipers that hang onto his every word like gospel, not Catholics in totality. Keep ignoring every other piece of scripture that is inconvenient to your lord Pope. Good day. permalink parent award report block reply
NYRepublican72 -3 points 6 days ago Pope Leo, tear down the Vatican City wall. permalink award report block reply
DictatorHasNoClothes -3 points 6 days ago And gets taxpayer money to facilitate the invasion. permalink award report block reply
chickeninoven -3 points 6 days ago Meet the new Poop, just like the old Poop. permalink award report block reply
Frenchie619 -3 points 6 days ago The Bible clearly stays to treat others as you would like to be treated.  Another way to look at that is that everyone had to follow the same laws.  Illegals didn't and they have to go. Pope needs to do some homework. permalink award report block reply
FrankDuncan -3 points 6 days ago I'll do just that, as soon as the Vatican demolishes it's walls and let's everyone inside. permalink award report block reply
Saltyminer11 -3 points 6 days ago He said YOU are. Not him, you. permalink award report block reply
MemeLawd -3 points 6 days ago The catholic church is controlled by jews. permalink award report block reply
RyanKeyOh -3 points 6 days ago You first permalink award report block reply
GhostOfTheRepublic -3 points 6 days ago Why do you care?  RCC is blaspheme. permalink award report block reply
Goozmania -4 points 6 days ago Catholicism = communism. There are 1.5 billion Catholics in this world and the majority come from communist countries. The whole religion, for better or worse, is about mercy, which is why the majority of Catholics are leftists. permalink award report block reply Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago How do you get that the majority come from communist countries?   The most Catholic countries in the world are in Central America, South America and a few places in Asia.  Historically, it's been Italy, France, Portugal and Spain.  None of which are communist. The former Soviet block countries were not majority Catholic, except for Poland and Hungary.  They were Eastern Orthodox.   Lithuania is also an exception as it was majority Lutheran. permalink parent award report block reply
Smurfection 1 points 6 days ago How do you get that the majority come from communist countries?   The most Catholic countries in the world are in Central America, South America and a few places in Asia.  Historically, it's been Italy, France, Portugal and Spain.  None of which are communist. The former Soviet block countries were not majority Catholic, except for Poland and Hungary.  They were Eastern Orthodox.   Lithuania is also an exception as it was majority Lutheran. permalink parent award report block reply
Antemalagon -4 points 6 days ago Completely against scripture. Scripture says aliens should submit to the laws of the land, one being dont fucking enter illegally. permalink award report block reply
Brownwaterboys -4 points 6 days ago Ok mr pope.. how many immigrants can we put you down for. I mean you do have billions to pay for all of them. How about we start you off with 10k for the vatican. See how you like that permalink award report block reply
rootGoose -4 points 6 days ago Pope Bob permalink award report block reply
patrioticwinning3 -4 points 6 days ago Ok Pope, lead by example!  TEAR DOWN THE VATICAN WALLS AND WELCOME THE FOREIGNERS!  Don't be rude, be sure and share all of your gold and art with them, gotta "welcome" them after all :p permalink award report block reply
Wtf_socialismreally -4 points 6 days ago I warned people, but they kept insisting I was wrong. Schadenfreude. permalink award report block reply
SCHULTZ 1 points 6 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply