390 Trump pardons Giuliani, Powell, Chesebro and dozens more involved in 2020 ‘fake electors’ case (nypost.com) posted 2 days ago by rdvs34283 5 comments award share report block Trump pardons Giuliani, Powell, Chesebro and dozens more involved in 2020 ‘fake electors’ case President Trump granted pardons for 77 individuals tied to a plot to overturn the 2020 presidential election – including Rudy Giuliani, Sidney Powell, and Kenneth Chesebro, the White House announce… nypost.com
5 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style PleaseHonk 7 points 2 days ago Alternate Electors. “Fake electors ” was  a word  branded by MSDNC permalink award report block reply PikachuJohnson 3 points 2 days ago Yep. No one seems to realize that there have been several disputed elections in American history where states sent alternate electors. Probably the most notable of which was the 1876 election between Republican Rutherford B. Hayes and Democrat Samuel J. Tilden. There was massive fraud across numerous states, and it took a commission set up just a few weeks before Inauguration Day (then March 4, almost half a year after the election) to determine how to count the disputed electoral votes. An agreement was reached where Democrats would give Hayes the presidency in exchange for the end of the military occupation of the South and Reconstruction. Tilden won the popular vote by the widest margin of any candidate who lost the electoral college (the only one to win a majority). It was also the closest election in the electoral college, with Hayes winning 185–184, the bare minimum number of votes needed to win at that time. permalink parent award report block reply Bohemyth_2 4 points 2 days ago The kraken is released permalink award report block reply prayinpede 2 points 2 days ago There's a guy named chesebro? That's awesome permalink award report block reply FUCK_TYLER 1 points 2 days ago what about Tina Peteres? permalink award report block reply
PleaseHonk 7 points 2 days ago Alternate Electors. “Fake electors ” was  a word  branded by MSDNC permalink award report block reply PikachuJohnson 3 points 2 days ago Yep. No one seems to realize that there have been several disputed elections in American history where states sent alternate electors. Probably the most notable of which was the 1876 election between Republican Rutherford B. Hayes and Democrat Samuel J. Tilden. There was massive fraud across numerous states, and it took a commission set up just a few weeks before Inauguration Day (then March 4, almost half a year after the election) to determine how to count the disputed electoral votes. An agreement was reached where Democrats would give Hayes the presidency in exchange for the end of the military occupation of the South and Reconstruction. Tilden won the popular vote by the widest margin of any candidate who lost the electoral college (the only one to win a majority). It was also the closest election in the electoral college, with Hayes winning 185–184, the bare minimum number of votes needed to win at that time. permalink parent award report block reply
PikachuJohnson 3 points 2 days ago Yep. No one seems to realize that there have been several disputed elections in American history where states sent alternate electors. Probably the most notable of which was the 1876 election between Republican Rutherford B. Hayes and Democrat Samuel J. Tilden. There was massive fraud across numerous states, and it took a commission set up just a few weeks before Inauguration Day (then March 4, almost half a year after the election) to determine how to count the disputed electoral votes. An agreement was reached where Democrats would give Hayes the presidency in exchange for the end of the military occupation of the South and Reconstruction. Tilden won the popular vote by the widest margin of any candidate who lost the electoral college (the only one to win a majority). It was also the closest election in the electoral college, with Hayes winning 185–184, the bare minimum number of votes needed to win at that time. permalink parent award report block reply
Bohemyth_2 4 points 2 days ago The kraken is released permalink award report block reply
prayinpede 2 points 2 days ago There's a guy named chesebro? That's awesome permalink award report block reply
FUCK_TYLER 1 points 2 days ago what about Tina Peteres? permalink award report block reply