2011 Two months ago, we lost one of our best ally in the fight against evil. RIP Charlie Kirk. ✝️   UNDER GOD   ✝️ posted 2 days ago by uxername27 200 comments award share download report block
200 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save CleanUpPhillyTrump24 113 points 2 days ago It really is still very hard to take it in. permalink award report block reply uxername27 OP 65 points 2 days ago I have a hard time to accept as well. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 45 points 2 days ago Of all people in the world, Charlie was the last person I expected to be assassinated. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 28 points 2 days ago Just think, if they’ll do that to someone like Charlie, imagine what they’ll do to you or me. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma 10 points 2 days ago I hate these posts where they Photoshop his face to be slightly smaller. Fuckin disrespectful. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Thermopylae_MMXX 4 points 2 days ago first the jews murdered Jesus and now they murdered Charlie maybe its destiny for something greater permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago They killed several Trump supporters in 2020. Aaron Danielson in Portland, Bernell Trammell in Milwaukee, and Lee Keltner in Denver are the ones I remember. I'm sure there's more that didn't make the news. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 15 points 2 days ago There was no chance he wouldn't have become President.  That's why they had to do it. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Absolutely. 😪 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 2 days ago The Christian right will just use Vance. Start digging friends. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... fightfightfightx 8 points 2 days ago he had power, and questioned Israel was inevitable :( permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 7 points 2 days ago He was a future 2 term President. So it made perfect sense. Not only that, but he was winning over so many hearts and minds. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 6 points 2 days ago Absolutely no doubt about it.  You're right. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 2 days ago He had huge influence and hired many military members who saw that and wanted it. Many of his military employees aren’t pro life at all permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 4 points 2 days ago Ballot Chase: [ https://www.tpaction.com/ ] [ https://earlyvoteaction.com/ ] permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Are you with TPAction? permalink parent award report block reply Rumpleshitskin 4 points 2 days ago The saddest part for me is that he was only trying to lead our youth to more fulfilling lives. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Charlie was a truly good man. I didn't agree with him on everything, but he loved God and bravely shared the truth. permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer -1 points 2 days ago VANCE-KIRK 2028 J.D. + ERIKA 💕 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago No to woman VP. Women have a nasty track record. Miller-Vance instead. permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 3 points 2 days ago JD can’t rub his buttock…🍑 👋 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 69 points 2 days ago They killed our friend. He didn't know me from Adam but I would have loved to have spoken with him. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 55 points 2 days ago Had the honor of meeting him personally at a hotel back in 2018. No lefties, no protestors. Just a small crowd of patriots at an event. this was back when him and Erika were going out He knew about us. The second I asked him if he knew about the_donald he took his phone out and it was already pulled up on his browser. permalink parent award report block reply 1st_Covfefe 31 points 2 days ago So  cool. Imagining him laughing at one of my memes makes me smile. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 2 days ago Jesus: So Charlie, what is a woman? permalink parent award report block reply Magaproudil 5 points 2 days ago And now I'm bawling again. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 19 points 2 days ago Amazing! Thanks for sharing this memory of him. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 17 points 2 days ago The_donald was great times. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 13 points 2 days ago Reddit was so pissed 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago Don't worry, their outrage never ends whether we are there or not. They invent enemies to offend them. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... uxername27 OP 17 points 2 days ago When you think that on campuses, it was mostly leftists who had the privilege to talk to him. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 29 points 2 days ago His assassination showed people the true depravity of the left, it is now on them to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 11 points 2 days ago Its already forgotten by anyone but us permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 8 points 2 days ago Welp time to get a Charlie Kirk shirt. Hope they have one that says "I was murdered by cowards for Free Speech." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... FKH2 16 points 2 days ago Who is they, Kash and that gay Utah governor has assured us Tyler Robinson acted alone permalink parent award report block reply YT45 17 points 2 days ago No way in hell that tranny-fucking faggot acted alone. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 12 points 2 days ago But didn't you read his totally natural confession which perfectly tied up any loose ends? It's an open and shut case goddammit. Now shaddap soldier. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 1 day ago Are you still talking about Tyler Robinson, that furry fucker? Unbelievable. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Kash and Bondi shutdown Joe Kent and Tulsi investigating if a foreign government was involved with Charlie assassination.  That right there should should be a red flag with Kash and Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago The commies that have been egging on their useful idiot cultists to murder us every day for years. permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 51 points 2 days ago And Trump capitalized on zero percent of it. When is Antifa going down? permalink award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 22 points 2 days ago All the evidence I've seen points to CIA/FBI op. Makes you wonder. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 2 days ago I have a theory most here wont like it. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Out with it... Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Go on. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 1 day ago Kirk had a huge skeleton in his past. Big enough to bring TPUSA down with him. Too much power and money is involved. Hes blackmailed into leaving, he refuses. So they remove him permanently. I'd say by summer you will see a permanent replacement who will pick up the baton and its back to business as usual. Its still at its heart a business. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago Take your own advice permalink parent award report block reply deleted -3 points 2 days ago gustodog 21 points 2 days ago There's a lot of people who have noticed how odd many of the circumstances are. Not just Candace. How Kash has been behaving is very characteristic of a coverup. https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/alarmed-what-happened-between-kash-patel-and-tulsi-gabbard-over-charlie-kirk-investigation/articleshow/125204303.cms permalink parent award report block reply deleted -11 points 2 days ago view 10 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 2 days ago what information makes you say this? permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 3 points 2 days ago How did he maximize in the event? Conservative Unity was at an all time high permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 2 days ago When is his assassin getting prosecuted? permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago Whenever we find the real shooter I hope. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 42 points 2 days ago The celebrations over his assassination were and will always be fucking disgusting and it's shown that there is something seriously wrong with society. I do not have even a shred of sympathy for the ghouls that got fired from their jobs over it, in fact I believe they 100% deserved it. permalink award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 27 points 2 days ago It flipped the light switch on the room full of roaches that is the American Left. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -16 points 2 days ago If Obama had been assassinated we’d have been no different, if not worse. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 10 points 2 days ago u/-f-b-i- this guy is a faggot all day long every day. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago It's all he does. He's a leftist. All he does is side with the left. On every point I see from him. When someone never agrees with you on literally any point whatsoever, they are not one of you. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 2 days ago I want these traitors tried for treason not executed like some third world commie shithole. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago I hate that it’s true, but not so many people would have, and never as vile. Or so I hope. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago You know it is. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 15 points 2 days ago Then they voted for Jay Jones.  There is a civil war happening right now. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 14 points 2 days ago At this point I'm convinced they'd vote for Joseph Stalin or Pol Pot if they were alive today, ran for offices in this country, and ran as Democrats. I'm also convinced they'd vote for someone that's literally a convicted pedophile if they ran for office as a Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 6 points 2 days ago demographic replacement. Half of NoVA prob needs to be deported no joke. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago wrong with society Which would be lack of Christianity. Visit https://answersinGenesis.org and https://Creation.com and read a bunch to learn more. permalink parent award report block reply mikejones 3 points 2 days ago "something seriously wrong with society" I mean you were probably raised a certain way and reinforced what you learned along the way. This is the same with the other side. Raised by some dumbshit parents. Sent to school to be raised by the Internet and TV. Reinforce what you learned via certain websites and chats. Then one side attacks the other for being wrong in their eyes. permalink parent award report block reply NoMoreShinesBilly 25 points 2 days ago God bless Charlie and his family. permalink award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 2 days ago Amen! permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 1 points 2 days ago And awomen permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Isn't that disrespectful? permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 2 points 1 day ago https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/amen-and-awomen permalink parent award report block reply SigSauer1776 20 points 2 days ago This is what happens when you know too much. They Seth Rich you. permalink award report block reply Belleoffreedom 23 points 2 days ago There's another motive:  He was good at persuading kids to vote. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago More importantly he was good at persuading young men to be strong Christian men. They can out-cheat votes but if we rebuild a moral Christian society led by strong men, the left is totally fucked. permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards 7 points 2 days ago 🎯 permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago This, so much, this. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 13 points 2 days ago Not just to vote but to think for themselves and not just follow whatever garbage professors and MSM spout permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 19 points 2 days ago We miss you dearly, Charlie. Keep watching over those babies, they need you. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago How do I upgrade to pro? I want to support this site. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 4 points 2 days ago https://scored.co/ in the right column. Upgrade to Pro Subscribing to Pro is the best way to directly support the platform. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago Thank you! permalink parent award report block reply TarHeelMAGA 2 points 2 days ago What benefits do you get? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago https://help.scored.co/knowledge-base/about-scored-pro/ permalink parent award report block reply DeaduponArousal 18 points 2 days ago Anyone else see a massive shift in the zeitgeist after they murdered Charlie? I had written him off because of our greatest ally issue, so I had no idea he had recently come around. What’s disturbing is how his ascent in popularity was immediately snuffed within weeks of him starting to question. If you can’t be bought, or brainwashed against your own people, they’ll just outright murder you. permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 12 points 2 days ago But Satanyahoo immediately denied do it. permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Who will murder you? permalink parent award report block reply SubmarineGuy 16 points 2 days ago Long after we are all gone his name will be remembered, like Martin Luther King or Socrates. Those who are martyred for their beliefs hold a special place in history.  I regret not paying much attention to Charlie Kirk while he was still alive . permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Damn bro same here, I took him for granted. Like I never in my life thought "OH I gotta save this Charlie Kirk short" because they'd blow his neck out. It's up to us to keep his name alive. Let's not fuck that up. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Fortunately, there is a LOT of videos of Charlie speaking. Definitely worth watching clips. permalink parent award report block reply realJohnGalt 15 points 2 days ago Tragic, absolutely Tragic. permalink award report block reply SqRt7744 14 points 2 days ago So sad. Luckily the Lord took him into his loving arms just before he turned into Hitler by rejecting MIGA publicly. Because that would have been bad, m'kay? Can't be just going around upsetting Netanyahu like that, there would have had to be consequences. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 6 points 2 days ago Netanyahu actually yelled at Tucker Carlson and lately Alex Jones warned them what would happen if anything happens to him. The theory is since they're basically the most unpopular country in the world now they'll have to do major false flag attacks to get victim status again. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 2 days ago I don't think they're going into victim status ever again but they need to make it past 80 yrs as a nation state. That's why the rhetoric is so high against Israel currently. No Jewish run state in the Middle East went past the 80 yr mark and if they make it past 2028, they're gonna celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply FirstOrLast 14 points 2 days ago Feels like a year...I'm really missing his takes on things already permalink award report block reply Choppermagic 13 points 2 days ago Im still mad as hell permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 9 points 2 days ago Me too permalink parent award report block reply LaptopDied 12 points 2 days ago Wonderful man. permalink award report block reply SavingPrivateGrace 11 points 2 days ago Protect, support and nurture what he left behind in his legacy. permalink award report block reply DeplorableUSA24 10 points 2 days ago When will the real assassin be identified 🤬 permalink award report block reply StaticNoise2 10 points 2 days ago And in a lot of ways the enemy created more allies than ever. Just like in Acts, whenever they'd try to stamp out the gospel, it would spread even more. They made a ridiculous error by killing Charlie Kirk. Huge swaths of Conservatives realized that it isn't the "extreme, far right" that they want dead. It's even the gentle kind Conservative with logical, moderate views and a kind way of engaging with people. That made Conservatives realize there is no compromise with the leftists; just as there is no compromise with Islam. The left just revealed that key part of their game to millions of Americans who would have thought otherwise. They inadvertently dealt a humongous blow to their side. It's sort of like Stephen who was stoned to death in Acts. In the moment the adversaries were probably celebrating their victory of killing a guy who was speaking the truth, and yet the record of Stephen's faith as he's dying has been something that has strengthened believers and encouraged them for close to 2000 years now. The demonic and satanic influence behind murder and all other chaos can only steal, kill and destroy; and yet God can turn it around and turn beauty from ashes. I have little doubt that Kirk's death hasn't created many more Christians who passed from the kingdom of darkness to the kingdom of light. Churches were packed to over capacity across the nation after that. If even a fraction of those church attenders were saved, that's incredible. One single soul that can say "Once I was lost, but now I have been found" causes the angels to rejoice in heaven. I believe there has been an increase in rejoicing in heaven from all the souls that got saved after that event as an unintended result (by the enemy, not by God; God is sovereign and all-knowing) of Kirk's murder. permalink award report block reply dtrap 10 points 2 days ago We didn't "lose" him. He was murdered by operatives. Who is going to have the guts to get justice for his children? permalink award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 1 points 1 day ago QAnon crazies are alive and well. They just found some shiney new toys. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 3 points 1 day ago "Crazies"? Right. That is why they confiscated all of the video. Gotta love "classic" rifles with polymer stocks, ignored searches, cameras that only see post action, suspects that appear across town eating chicken nuggets, and human necks that can stop 30.06 within 200 yds. We see you. permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 0 points 11 hours ago Oh boy! Say no to meth and Candance Owen's videos, folks. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 1 points 4 hours ago We see you. permalink parent award report block reply Aggrieved03 9 points 2 days ago Somehow we don’t have any accomplices held accountable or even the parents who let the gun be taken. Happens in other cases all the time. What about those fake ass texts? Then again we know nothing about the Vegas shooting or Trumps shooter either. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 10 points 2 days ago When Kash gets back from China he’ll probably start looking into it. Oh no that’s right, he told Tulsi to shut up about it. permalink parent award report block reply LostElf 9 points 2 days ago God will bring good forth from evil. Sooner or later. Democrats, struggling for wins, are no doubt counting on another shooter to pop up. Since there's been no significant pushback from the administration, and elections following the event were Democrat gains, assassination has to be considered one of their remaining tools. That's amazingly sad. permalink award report block reply FauciOuchi 9 points 2 days ago At least turning point is now Israel First. I was worried there for a bit permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago When did that happen? permalink parent award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago After that Mk262 round went through his neck. Pay attention. permalink parent award report block reply Zippythekid 8 points 2 days ago I’ll never forget this. permalink award report block reply Tacticalsmoke420 8 points 2 days ago It was an inside job and cover up. We can’t vote our way out of this permalink award report block reply DCPower 7 points 2 days ago Is there a replacement for the site that was listing all the people celebrating his death? This one is down: https://www.charliesmurderers.com/ permalink award report block reply uxername27 OP 7 points 2 days ago https://patriots.win/p/1AR0GjsfjA/charlie-kirk-shot/c permalink award report block reply DCPower 3 points 2 days ago Wait the original video is down! Or at least the one on this post. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Don't worry, history being erased as usual. permalink parent award report block reply IncensedThurible 6 points 2 days ago He died, my friend, but he wasn't lost. He was better than most of us. God bless. permalink award report block reply 26magarat 6 points 2 days ago More private homes/businesses honored him by putting their flags at half mast after his death where I live than they did Cheney. And I live in a blue state. permalink award report block reply RiffFantastic 6 points 2 days ago I'm on my way to see Rob Schneider with Turning Point at UC Berkeley right now.  Leaving in 5 minutes!  It's under statement to say, Charlie should be there. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 3 points 2 days ago I’m hoping that you and everyone else there tonight are safe!! Prayers! permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 2 days ago It was mostly peaceful! We did get funneled out behind riot police where the mob was waiting for us. I thought about shooting video of it, but I just wanted to leave without getting into any trouble. It was kind of tense, but much better managed than when Milo was supposed to speak sometime around the 2016 election. I’ll post more about it tomorrow, but it was a great tribute to Charlie and an enjoyable evening. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago Thanks! permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 1 points 2 days ago Enjoy your time there! Send us pics! permalink parent award report block reply TheRPatriot 6 points 2 days ago What?! It’s already been 2 months?! permalink award report block reply deleted 6 points 2 days ago TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Being an agent provocateur is hard work, poor thing. Democrats always want someone else to do violence for them. permalink parent award report block reply ThreeTimeTrumper 5 points 2 days ago Charlie was only a year and a half older than me. Tragic. A wonderful life cut short. permalink award report block reply StaticNoise2 11 points 2 days ago He was younger than me. I'm 33. That was bizarre when I found that out. You reach an age where you don't expect people to be younger than you. It's like when you watch a movie where a character and actor seems so much more "grown up" and having more "gravitas" than you and always has, and your brain still processes them the way you've always processed them, and then you realize they were 31, and you're 33 and you start feeling like a real loser. Similar with Charlie Kirk. I'm like, "he was younger than me?!" permalink parent award report block reply Bbme19 4 points 2 days ago Just one month older than me. 😥 I'll be 32 on the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply LogicCircuits 5 points 2 days ago it's really been 2 months already? permalink award report block reply Kolob64 4 points 2 days ago I was shocked at how many people had no idea who he was until he was assassinated.  He has far more influence now. permalink award report block reply cannonfodder 4 points 2 days ago I  would have thought a top priority for Charlie's security team would have been securing the high places with lines of sight to the stage.  This particularly since Trump nearly lost his life due to the same type of security failure. permalink award report block reply mikejones 4 points 2 days ago Dude had like 10 security people 30 feet from him. But at colleges you are left with numerous high places. I doubt he wants 10 snipers looking down all around him when he talks. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago They talked about the many suspicious things around the assassination and security team on the Alex Jones show. Security didn't have blood on them from trying to save him, they acted strangely as if it were scripted, one took a photo of him with his glasses, etc. permalink parent award report block reply stillbringingitback 4 points 2 days ago His name was Charlie Kirk. permalink award report block reply EdBuck 4 points 2 days ago I'm still shocked he's gone and what happened in the aftermath it's a 9/11 moment permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago 9/10 permalink parent award report block reply OldGloryUnfurled 4 points 2 days ago They'd cheer the same fate for any one of us as our families watched on. Do not forget this if you ever feel like mercy is an option. permalink award report block reply Citizen_Bob 4 points 2 days ago A lot of "influencers" on X are pretending this didn't happen all of a sudden. A lot of clingers, grifters, and adversarial larps. permalink award report block reply LastconservativeNY2 4 points 2 days ago I followed him for years and had no doubt he would one day be president. I'm not sure TPUSA will survive without his leadership. I heard, but do not know, that they did take the pro-isreal funding that Charlie rejected. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 4 points 2 days ago They canceled the DOGE audit he ordered. permalink parent award report block reply DITTOPatriot 4 points 2 days ago I think this backfired on them. So many are wide awake now that the genie isn't going back in the bottle, no matter how many shekels they throw at it. Get ready for cancel culture to go to level 10, and AI is going to turbocharge it. permalink award report block reply Getelectedordietryin 3 points 2 days ago I’ll never let this go or ever forget permalink award report block reply lispboy 3 points 2 days ago Still pissed about it. I'll never not wonder why his shirt popped, there no reason why a bullet to the neck would do that, and that the bullet did not pierce through his body... So many questions. permalink award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago Fabric is light and a projectile moving 2800-3200fps has to disperse a lot of air to get where it's going. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 1 points 1 day ago From the chamber, maybe, but in this case it would have broken the laws of physics. A bullet is very small and displaces a tiny amount of air relative to its speed, especially not enough air to make it do what happened to Charlie. The only two explanations would if the bullet ricocheted off an object on his person (Charlie was not wearing a vest), or a projectile was elected from inside his shirt. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Becase his mic contained the killing mechanism. The VERY MOMENT he puts it down, BANG. Always have a team inspect your mic and area. Charlie relaxed and got killed for relaxing. permalink parent award report block reply thp2034 3 points 2 days ago Rest easy good and faithful servant... permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 3 points 2 days ago I've been so sad since he was murdered... .. especially when I see his face permalink award report block reply Herpawinski 2 points 1 day ago They only succeeded in creating ten thousand Charlies. permalink award report block reply SuperHonkey 2 points 2 days ago F permalink award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 2 days ago They took out Kirk and now Fuentes is the leader permalink award report block reply NotMyGovernor 2 points 2 days ago “Israel blesses those who bless Israel” - Ted Cruz permalink award report block reply gezadreamsheets2 2 points 2 days ago It’s still hard to believe. permalink award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 2 days ago We still have Nick Fuentes. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 0 points 2 days ago Nope. He’s filth. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 2 days ago you're jewish permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago You’re trollish. permalink parent award report block reply SoldierOnFire 2 points 2 days ago I just received my Charlie Kirk print from Sam Ryan, it’s amazing! permalink award report block reply DoMagnum 2 points 1 day ago He was NOT lost, he was taken from us. There is a difference. permalink award report block reply So_Much_Happening 2 points 2 days ago Erika mourns in a unique fashion permalink award report block reply ReallyGayMods 2 points 2 days ago Its unlikely we will recover from this before the end of the decade, tbh. We are in for a lot of hurt without him. Thats why they did it. permalink award report block reply linthat22 2 points 1 day ago Looks like a Vivek and Newscum Ai generated image. permalink award report block reply Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 2 days ago R. I.P friend permalink award report block reply Goozmania 1 points 1 day ago And it resulted in literally no action from the right. Not even slightly. permalink award report block reply ZohanDvir 0 points 2 days ago I took his death very hard. I still think of him and thank for all the good he has done. What is sad are the retarded groypers, Candace, and Tucker fans trying to co-opt his movement. Especially when Candace and the gay Mexican attacked him nonstop and tried to destroy what he built. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago What was said? How were they "attacking" him? Do you know? Inform us plz permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir 2 points 2 days ago Just check how they would harass him in his speeches. https://www.msn.com/en-in/news/world/dinesh-dsouza-shares-texts-from-charlie-kirk-ripping-him-for-debating-vermin-nick-fuentes-the-damage-you-did/ar-AA1Po2A8 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago thank you. u/pdwbot quad brick permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir -1 points 2 days ago I took his death very hard. I still think of him and thank for all the good he has done. What is sad are the retarded groypers, Candace, and Tucker fans trying to co-opt his movement. Especially when Candace and the gay Mexican attacked him nonstop and tried to destroy what he built. permalink award report block reply Bounce2013 -1 points 1 day ago if you really believe Charlie Kirk was assassinated and this is not a huge psyop on patriots, then i got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you. DM me for pricing. permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago I’m looking at setting up tollbooths. What are you offering? Are you suggesting he’s not dead? A man like Charlie would NOT go along with a psyop. That’s a silly conclusion. permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 -2 points 2 days ago Karma farmers permalink award report block reply StaticNoise2 6 points 2 days ago This aint Reddit. "Karma" points means nothing here, nobody cares about the points, or even checks what it is on other people's profile and doesn't even care what it looks like on their own. This post is about having a memorial and honoring a person. Something people have been doing from the beginning of creation. Don't let retarded Reddit abnormality make you cynical on everything. Reddit's not real life. In real life, we honor great people. Nobody here cares about people's points. A new user could have zero points and they make a great post and get pinned because it's a great post. That's how it works here. That's not how it works on Reddit. They actually care about the loser points crap on Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 2 points 2 days ago Ok, thanks for the explanation.  Glad you actually care. Sorry! permalink parent award report block reply StaticNoise2 3 points 2 days ago For sure, it's all good brother! permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago "FORGET ABOUT CHARLIE KIRK. THE LEFT WANTS YOU TO, AND SO DO I!!!!" permalink parent award report block reply EyesSewnShut 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply unotrumpcard 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply LolOkFBI 6 points 2 days ago You’re a fucking lunatic permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 113 points 2 days ago It really is still very hard to take it in. permalink award report block reply uxername27 OP 65 points 2 days ago I have a hard time to accept as well. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 45 points 2 days ago Of all people in the world, Charlie was the last person I expected to be assassinated. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 28 points 2 days ago Just think, if they’ll do that to someone like Charlie, imagine what they’ll do to you or me. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma 10 points 2 days ago I hate these posts where they Photoshop his face to be slightly smaller. Fuckin disrespectful. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Thermopylae_MMXX 4 points 2 days ago first the jews murdered Jesus and now they murdered Charlie maybe its destiny for something greater permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago They killed several Trump supporters in 2020. Aaron Danielson in Portland, Bernell Trammell in Milwaukee, and Lee Keltner in Denver are the ones I remember. I'm sure there's more that didn't make the news. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 15 points 2 days ago There was no chance he wouldn't have become President.  That's why they had to do it. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Absolutely. 😪 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 2 days ago The Christian right will just use Vance. Start digging friends. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... fightfightfightx 8 points 2 days ago he had power, and questioned Israel was inevitable :( permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 7 points 2 days ago He was a future 2 term President. So it made perfect sense. Not only that, but he was winning over so many hearts and minds. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 6 points 2 days ago Absolutely no doubt about it.  You're right. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 2 days ago He had huge influence and hired many military members who saw that and wanted it. Many of his military employees aren’t pro life at all permalink parent award report block reply tpactionchasethevote 4 points 2 days ago Ballot Chase: [ https://www.tpaction.com/ ] [ https://earlyvoteaction.com/ ] permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Are you with TPAction? permalink parent award report block reply Rumpleshitskin 4 points 2 days ago The saddest part for me is that he was only trying to lead our youth to more fulfilling lives. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Charlie was a truly good man. I didn't agree with him on everything, but he loved God and bravely shared the truth. permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer -1 points 2 days ago VANCE-KIRK 2028 J.D. + ERIKA 💕 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago No to woman VP. Women have a nasty track record. Miller-Vance instead. permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 3 points 2 days ago JD can’t rub his buttock…🍑 👋 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP 65 points 2 days ago I have a hard time to accept as well. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 45 points 2 days ago Of all people in the world, Charlie was the last person I expected to be assassinated. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 28 points 2 days ago Just think, if they’ll do that to someone like Charlie, imagine what they’ll do to you or me. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma 10 points 2 days ago I hate these posts where they Photoshop his face to be slightly smaller. Fuckin disrespectful. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Thermopylae_MMXX 4 points 2 days ago first the jews murdered Jesus and now they murdered Charlie maybe its destiny for something greater permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago They killed several Trump supporters in 2020. Aaron Danielson in Portland, Bernell Trammell in Milwaukee, and Lee Keltner in Denver are the ones I remember. I'm sure there's more that didn't make the news. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 15 points 2 days ago There was no chance he wouldn't have become President.  That's why they had to do it. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Absolutely. 😪 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 2 days ago The Christian right will just use Vance. Start digging friends. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... fightfightfightx 8 points 2 days ago he had power, and questioned Israel was inevitable :( permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 7 points 2 days ago He was a future 2 term President. So it made perfect sense. Not only that, but he was winning over so many hearts and minds. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 6 points 2 days ago Absolutely no doubt about it.  You're right. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 2 days ago He had huge influence and hired many military members who saw that and wanted it. Many of his military employees aren’t pro life at all permalink parent award report block reply
Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 45 points 2 days ago Of all people in the world, Charlie was the last person I expected to be assassinated. permalink parent award report block reply ChrisSuperDude 28 points 2 days ago Just think, if they’ll do that to someone like Charlie, imagine what they’ll do to you or me. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma 10 points 2 days ago I hate these posts where they Photoshop his face to be slightly smaller. Fuckin disrespectful. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Thermopylae_MMXX 4 points 2 days ago first the jews murdered Jesus and now they murdered Charlie maybe its destiny for something greater permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago They killed several Trump supporters in 2020. Aaron Danielson in Portland, Bernell Trammell in Milwaukee, and Lee Keltner in Denver are the ones I remember. I'm sure there's more that didn't make the news. permalink parent award report block reply Electricutie 15 points 2 days ago There was no chance he wouldn't have become President.  That's why they had to do it. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Absolutely. 😪 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 2 days ago The Christian right will just use Vance. Start digging friends. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... fightfightfightx 8 points 2 days ago he had power, and questioned Israel was inevitable :( permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 7 points 2 days ago He was a future 2 term President. So it made perfect sense. Not only that, but he was winning over so many hearts and minds. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 6 points 2 days ago Absolutely no doubt about it.  You're right. permalink parent award report block reply snoopy3210 4 points 2 days ago He had huge influence and hired many military members who saw that and wanted it. Many of his military employees aren’t pro life at all permalink parent award report block reply
ChrisSuperDude 28 points 2 days ago Just think, if they’ll do that to someone like Charlie, imagine what they’ll do to you or me. permalink parent award report block reply MarALigma 10 points 2 days ago I hate these posts where they Photoshop his face to be slightly smaller. Fuckin disrespectful. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... Thermopylae_MMXX 4 points 2 days ago first the jews murdered Jesus and now they murdered Charlie maybe its destiny for something greater permalink parent award report block reply anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago They killed several Trump supporters in 2020. Aaron Danielson in Portland, Bernell Trammell in Milwaukee, and Lee Keltner in Denver are the ones I remember. I'm sure there's more that didn't make the news. permalink parent award report block reply
MarALigma 10 points 2 days ago I hate these posts where they Photoshop his face to be slightly smaller. Fuckin disrespectful. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Thermopylae_MMXX 4 points 2 days ago first the jews murdered Jesus and now they murdered Charlie maybe its destiny for something greater permalink parent award report block reply
anotherthing 3 points 1 day ago They killed several Trump supporters in 2020. Aaron Danielson in Portland, Bernell Trammell in Milwaukee, and Lee Keltner in Denver are the ones I remember. I'm sure there's more that didn't make the news. permalink parent award report block reply
Electricutie 15 points 2 days ago There was no chance he wouldn't have become President.  That's why they had to do it. permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Absolutely. 😪 permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 2 days ago The Christian right will just use Vance. Start digging friends. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Absolutely. 😪 permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 2 days ago The Christian right will just use Vance. Start digging friends. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
fightfightfightx 8 points 2 days ago he had power, and questioned Israel was inevitable :( permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 7 points 2 days ago He was a future 2 term President. So it made perfect sense. Not only that, but he was winning over so many hearts and minds. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 6 points 2 days ago Absolutely no doubt about it.  You're right. permalink parent award report block reply
Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 6 points 2 days ago Absolutely no doubt about it.  You're right. permalink parent award report block reply
snoopy3210 4 points 2 days ago He had huge influence and hired many military members who saw that and wanted it. Many of his military employees aren’t pro life at all permalink parent award report block reply
tpactionchasethevote 4 points 2 days ago Ballot Chase: [ https://www.tpaction.com/ ] [ https://earlyvoteaction.com/ ] permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Are you with TPAction? permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Are you with TPAction? permalink parent award report block reply
Rumpleshitskin 4 points 2 days ago The saddest part for me is that he was only trying to lead our youth to more fulfilling lives. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Charlie was a truly good man. I didn't agree with him on everything, but he loved God and bravely shared the truth. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Charlie was a truly good man. I didn't agree with him on everything, but he loved God and bravely shared the truth. permalink parent award report block reply
AfrikaanerBoer -1 points 2 days ago VANCE-KIRK 2028 J.D. + ERIKA 💕 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago No to woman VP. Women have a nasty track record. Miller-Vance instead. permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 3 points 2 days ago JD can’t rub his buttock…🍑 👋 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago No to woman VP. Women have a nasty track record. Miller-Vance instead. permalink parent award report block reply AfrikaanerBoer 3 points 2 days ago JD can’t rub his buttock…🍑 👋 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
AfrikaanerBoer 3 points 2 days ago JD can’t rub his buttock…🍑 👋 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago What is your point? permalink parent award report block reply
shadypollster 69 points 2 days ago They killed our friend. He didn't know me from Adam but I would have loved to have spoken with him. permalink award report block reply MedicallyReddit 55 points 2 days ago Had the honor of meeting him personally at a hotel back in 2018. No lefties, no protestors. Just a small crowd of patriots at an event. this was back when him and Erika were going out He knew about us. The second I asked him if he knew about the_donald he took his phone out and it was already pulled up on his browser. permalink parent award report block reply 1st_Covfefe 31 points 2 days ago So  cool. Imagining him laughing at one of my memes makes me smile. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 2 days ago Jesus: So Charlie, what is a woman? permalink parent award report block reply Magaproudil 5 points 2 days ago And now I'm bawling again. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 19 points 2 days ago Amazing! Thanks for sharing this memory of him. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 17 points 2 days ago The_donald was great times. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 13 points 2 days ago Reddit was so pissed 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago Don't worry, their outrage never ends whether we are there or not. They invent enemies to offend them. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... uxername27 OP 17 points 2 days ago When you think that on campuses, it was mostly leftists who had the privilege to talk to him. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 29 points 2 days ago His assassination showed people the true depravity of the left, it is now on them to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 11 points 2 days ago Its already forgotten by anyone but us permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 8 points 2 days ago Welp time to get a Charlie Kirk shirt. Hope they have one that says "I was murdered by cowards for Free Speech." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... FKH2 16 points 2 days ago Who is they, Kash and that gay Utah governor has assured us Tyler Robinson acted alone permalink parent award report block reply YT45 17 points 2 days ago No way in hell that tranny-fucking faggot acted alone. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 12 points 2 days ago But didn't you read his totally natural confession which perfectly tied up any loose ends? It's an open and shut case goddammit. Now shaddap soldier. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 1 day ago Are you still talking about Tyler Robinson, that furry fucker? Unbelievable. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Kash and Bondi shutdown Joe Kent and Tulsi investigating if a foreign government was involved with Charlie assassination.  That right there should should be a red flag with Kash and Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago The commies that have been egging on their useful idiot cultists to murder us every day for years. permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 55 points 2 days ago Had the honor of meeting him personally at a hotel back in 2018. No lefties, no protestors. Just a small crowd of patriots at an event. this was back when him and Erika were going out He knew about us. The second I asked him if he knew about the_donald he took his phone out and it was already pulled up on his browser. permalink parent award report block reply 1st_Covfefe 31 points 2 days ago So  cool. Imagining him laughing at one of my memes makes me smile. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 2 days ago Jesus: So Charlie, what is a woman? permalink parent award report block reply Magaproudil 5 points 2 days ago And now I'm bawling again. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 19 points 2 days ago Amazing! Thanks for sharing this memory of him. permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 17 points 2 days ago The_donald was great times. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 13 points 2 days ago Reddit was so pissed 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago Don't worry, their outrage never ends whether we are there or not. They invent enemies to offend them. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
1st_Covfefe 31 points 2 days ago So  cool. Imagining him laughing at one of my memes makes me smile. permalink parent award report block reply texas4ever 6 points 2 days ago Jesus: So Charlie, what is a woman? permalink parent award report block reply Magaproudil 5 points 2 days ago And now I'm bawling again. permalink parent award report block reply
texas4ever 6 points 2 days ago Jesus: So Charlie, what is a woman? permalink parent award report block reply
Magaproudil 5 points 2 days ago And now I'm bawling again. permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP 19 points 2 days ago Amazing! Thanks for sharing this memory of him. permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 17 points 2 days ago The_donald was great times. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 13 points 2 days ago Reddit was so pissed 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago Don't worry, their outrage never ends whether we are there or not. They invent enemies to offend them. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
shadypollster 13 points 2 days ago Reddit was so pissed 🤣 permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago Don't worry, their outrage never ends whether we are there or not. They invent enemies to offend them. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago Don't worry, their outrage never ends whether we are there or not. They invent enemies to offend them. permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
uxername27 OP 17 points 2 days ago When you think that on campuses, it was mostly leftists who had the privilege to talk to him. permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 29 points 2 days ago His assassination showed people the true depravity of the left, it is now on them to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 11 points 2 days ago Its already forgotten by anyone but us permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 8 points 2 days ago Welp time to get a Charlie Kirk shirt. Hope they have one that says "I was murdered by cowards for Free Speech." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
shadypollster 29 points 2 days ago His assassination showed people the true depravity of the left, it is now on them to wake up. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 11 points 2 days ago Its already forgotten by anyone but us permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 8 points 2 days ago Welp time to get a Charlie Kirk shirt. Hope they have one that says "I was murdered by cowards for Free Speech." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
KernalMustard 11 points 2 days ago Its already forgotten by anyone but us permalink parent award report block reply shadypollster 8 points 2 days ago Welp time to get a Charlie Kirk shirt. Hope they have one that says "I was murdered by cowards for Free Speech." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
shadypollster 8 points 2 days ago Welp time to get a Charlie Kirk shirt. Hope they have one that says "I was murdered by cowards for Free Speech." permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
FKH2 16 points 2 days ago Who is they, Kash and that gay Utah governor has assured us Tyler Robinson acted alone permalink parent award report block reply YT45 17 points 2 days ago No way in hell that tranny-fucking faggot acted alone. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 12 points 2 days ago But didn't you read his totally natural confession which perfectly tied up any loose ends? It's an open and shut case goddammit. Now shaddap soldier. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 1 day ago Are you still talking about Tyler Robinson, that furry fucker? Unbelievable. permalink parent award report block reply Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Kash and Bondi shutdown Joe Kent and Tulsi investigating if a foreign government was involved with Charlie assassination.  That right there should should be a red flag with Kash and Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago The commies that have been egging on their useful idiot cultists to murder us every day for years. permalink parent award report block reply
YT45 17 points 2 days ago No way in hell that tranny-fucking faggot acted alone. permalink parent award report block reply SqRt7744 12 points 2 days ago But didn't you read his totally natural confession which perfectly tied up any loose ends? It's an open and shut case goddammit. Now shaddap soldier. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 1 day ago Are you still talking about Tyler Robinson, that furry fucker? Unbelievable. permalink parent award report block reply
SqRt7744 12 points 2 days ago But didn't you read his totally natural confession which perfectly tied up any loose ends? It's an open and shut case goddammit. Now shaddap soldier. permalink parent award report block reply chickeninoven 3 points 1 day ago Are you still talking about Tyler Robinson, that furry fucker? Unbelievable. permalink parent award report block reply
chickeninoven 3 points 1 day ago Are you still talking about Tyler Robinson, that furry fucker? Unbelievable. permalink parent award report block reply
Rosebud4Jesus 7 points 2 days ago Kash and Bondi shutdown Joe Kent and Tulsi investigating if a foreign government was involved with Charlie assassination.  That right there should should be a red flag with Kash and Bondi. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago The commies that have been egging on their useful idiot cultists to murder us every day for years. permalink parent award report block reply
UndercoverSpez 51 points 2 days ago And Trump capitalized on zero percent of it. When is Antifa going down? permalink award report block reply DontBeAFaggot 22 points 2 days ago All the evidence I've seen points to CIA/FBI op. Makes you wonder. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 2 days ago I have a theory most here wont like it. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Out with it... Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Go on. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 1 day ago Kirk had a huge skeleton in his past. Big enough to bring TPUSA down with him. Too much power and money is involved. Hes blackmailed into leaving, he refuses. So they remove him permanently. I'd say by summer you will see a permanent replacement who will pick up the baton and its back to business as usual. Its still at its heart a business. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago Take your own advice permalink parent award report block reply deleted -3 points 2 days ago gustodog 21 points 2 days ago There's a lot of people who have noticed how odd many of the circumstances are. Not just Candace. How Kash has been behaving is very characteristic of a coverup. https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/alarmed-what-happened-between-kash-patel-and-tulsi-gabbard-over-charlie-kirk-investigation/articleshow/125204303.cms permalink parent award report block reply deleted -11 points 2 days ago view 10 more comments... KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 2 days ago what information makes you say this? permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 3 points 2 days ago How did he maximize in the event? Conservative Unity was at an all time high permalink parent award report block reply DeportThemAllForever 1 points 2 days ago When is his assassin getting prosecuted? permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago Whenever we find the real shooter I hope. permalink parent award report block reply
DontBeAFaggot 22 points 2 days ago All the evidence I've seen points to CIA/FBI op. Makes you wonder. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 8 points 2 days ago I have a theory most here wont like it. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Out with it... Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Go on. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 1 day ago Kirk had a huge skeleton in his past. Big enough to bring TPUSA down with him. Too much power and money is involved. Hes blackmailed into leaving, he refuses. So they remove him permanently. I'd say by summer you will see a permanent replacement who will pick up the baton and its back to business as usual. Its still at its heart a business. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago Take your own advice permalink parent award report block reply deleted -3 points 2 days ago gustodog 21 points 2 days ago There's a lot of people who have noticed how odd many of the circumstances are. Not just Candace. How Kash has been behaving is very characteristic of a coverup. https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/alarmed-what-happened-between-kash-patel-and-tulsi-gabbard-over-charlie-kirk-investigation/articleshow/125204303.cms permalink parent award report block reply deleted -11 points 2 days ago view 10 more comments...
KernalMustard 8 points 2 days ago I have a theory most here wont like it. permalink parent award report block reply BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Out with it... Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Go on. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 1 day ago Kirk had a huge skeleton in his past. Big enough to bring TPUSA down with him. Too much power and money is involved. Hes blackmailed into leaving, he refuses. So they remove him permanently. I'd say by summer you will see a permanent replacement who will pick up the baton and its back to business as usual. Its still at its heart a business. permalink parent award report block reply
BlackToof_Grin 3 points 2 days ago Out with it... Best, Toofy - 🐸 permalink parent award report block reply
AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Go on. permalink parent award report block reply KernalMustard 2 points 1 day ago Kirk had a huge skeleton in his past. Big enough to bring TPUSA down with him. Too much power and money is involved. Hes blackmailed into leaving, he refuses. So they remove him permanently. I'd say by summer you will see a permanent replacement who will pick up the baton and its back to business as usual. Its still at its heart a business. permalink parent award report block reply
KernalMustard 2 points 1 day ago Kirk had a huge skeleton in his past. Big enough to bring TPUSA down with him. Too much power and money is involved. Hes blackmailed into leaving, he refuses. So they remove him permanently. I'd say by summer you will see a permanent replacement who will pick up the baton and its back to business as usual. Its still at its heart a business. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 2 points 2 days ago Take your own advice permalink parent award report block reply
deleted -3 points 2 days ago gustodog 21 points 2 days ago There's a lot of people who have noticed how odd many of the circumstances are. Not just Candace. How Kash has been behaving is very characteristic of a coverup. https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/alarmed-what-happened-between-kash-patel-and-tulsi-gabbard-over-charlie-kirk-investigation/articleshow/125204303.cms permalink parent award report block reply deleted -11 points 2 days ago view 10 more comments...
gustodog 21 points 2 days ago There's a lot of people who have noticed how odd many of the circumstances are. Not just Candace. How Kash has been behaving is very characteristic of a coverup. https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/alarmed-what-happened-between-kash-patel-and-tulsi-gabbard-over-charlie-kirk-investigation/articleshow/125204303.cms permalink parent award report block reply deleted -11 points 2 days ago view 10 more comments...
deleted -11 points 2 days ago view 10 more comments...
KekistaniMemeLord 2 points 2 days ago what information makes you say this? permalink parent award report block reply UndercoverSpez 3 points 2 days ago How did he maximize in the event? Conservative Unity was at an all time high permalink parent award report block reply
UndercoverSpez 3 points 2 days ago How did he maximize in the event? Conservative Unity was at an all time high permalink parent award report block reply
DeportThemAllForever 1 points 2 days ago When is his assassin getting prosecuted? permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago Whenever we find the real shooter I hope. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago Whenever we find the real shooter I hope. permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 42 points 2 days ago The celebrations over his assassination were and will always be fucking disgusting and it's shown that there is something seriously wrong with society. I do not have even a shred of sympathy for the ghouls that got fired from their jobs over it, in fact I believe they 100% deserved it. permalink award report block reply Trumpchoochoo 27 points 2 days ago It flipped the light switch on the room full of roaches that is the American Left. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -16 points 2 days ago If Obama had been assassinated we’d have been no different, if not worse. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 10 points 2 days ago u/-f-b-i- this guy is a faggot all day long every day. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago It's all he does. He's a leftist. All he does is side with the left. On every point I see from him. When someone never agrees with you on literally any point whatsoever, they are not one of you. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 2 days ago I want these traitors tried for treason not executed like some third world commie shithole. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago I hate that it’s true, but not so many people would have, and never as vile. Or so I hope. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago You know it is. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 15 points 2 days ago Then they voted for Jay Jones.  There is a civil war happening right now. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 14 points 2 days ago At this point I'm convinced they'd vote for Joseph Stalin or Pol Pot if they were alive today, ran for offices in this country, and ran as Democrats. I'm also convinced they'd vote for someone that's literally a convicted pedophile if they ran for office as a Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 6 points 2 days ago demographic replacement. Half of NoVA prob needs to be deported no joke. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago wrong with society Which would be lack of Christianity. Visit https://answersinGenesis.org and https://Creation.com and read a bunch to learn more. permalink parent award report block reply mikejones 3 points 2 days ago "something seriously wrong with society" I mean you were probably raised a certain way and reinforced what you learned along the way. This is the same with the other side. Raised by some dumbshit parents. Sent to school to be raised by the Internet and TV. Reinforce what you learned via certain websites and chats. Then one side attacks the other for being wrong in their eyes. permalink parent award report block reply
Trumpchoochoo 27 points 2 days ago It flipped the light switch on the room full of roaches that is the American Left. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -16 points 2 days ago If Obama had been assassinated we’d have been no different, if not worse. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 10 points 2 days ago u/-f-b-i- this guy is a faggot all day long every day. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago It's all he does. He's a leftist. All he does is side with the left. On every point I see from him. When someone never agrees with you on literally any point whatsoever, they are not one of you. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 2 days ago I want these traitors tried for treason not executed like some third world commie shithole. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago I hate that it’s true, but not so many people would have, and never as vile. Or so I hope. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago You know it is. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -16 points 2 days ago If Obama had been assassinated we’d have been no different, if not worse. permalink parent award report block reply Prandogolio 10 points 2 days ago u/-f-b-i- this guy is a faggot all day long every day. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago It's all he does. He's a leftist. All he does is side with the left. On every point I see from him. When someone never agrees with you on literally any point whatsoever, they are not one of you. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments... JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 2 days ago I want these traitors tried for treason not executed like some third world commie shithole. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago I hate that it’s true, but not so many people would have, and never as vile. Or so I hope. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago You know it is. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 10 points 2 days ago u/-f-b-i- this guy is a faggot all day long every day. permalink parent award report block reply Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago It's all he does. He's a leftist. All he does is side with the left. On every point I see from him. When someone never agrees with you on literally any point whatsoever, they are not one of you. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
Wtf_socialismreally 11 points 2 days ago It's all he does. He's a leftist. All he does is side with the left. On every point I see from him. When someone never agrees with you on literally any point whatsoever, they are not one of you. permalink parent award report block reply view 5 more comments...
JoeMcCarthyWasRight 3 points 2 days ago I want these traitors tried for treason not executed like some third world commie shithole. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 2 days ago I hate that it’s true, but not so many people would have, and never as vile. Or so I hope. permalink parent award report block reply HoganT -3 points 2 days ago You know it is. permalink parent award report block reply
HoganT -3 points 2 days ago You know it is. permalink parent award report block reply
Prandogolio 15 points 2 days ago Then they voted for Jay Jones.  There is a civil war happening right now. permalink parent award report block reply TheJakeFroggy 14 points 2 days ago At this point I'm convinced they'd vote for Joseph Stalin or Pol Pot if they were alive today, ran for offices in this country, and ran as Democrats. I'm also convinced they'd vote for someone that's literally a convicted pedophile if they ran for office as a Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply KekistaniMemeLord 6 points 2 days ago demographic replacement. Half of NoVA prob needs to be deported no joke. permalink parent award report block reply
TheJakeFroggy 14 points 2 days ago At this point I'm convinced they'd vote for Joseph Stalin or Pol Pot if they were alive today, ran for offices in this country, and ran as Democrats. I'm also convinced they'd vote for someone that's literally a convicted pedophile if they ran for office as a Democrat. permalink parent award report block reply
KekistaniMemeLord 6 points 2 days ago demographic replacement. Half of NoVA prob needs to be deported no joke. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 7 points 2 days ago wrong with society Which would be lack of Christianity. Visit https://answersinGenesis.org and https://Creation.com and read a bunch to learn more. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 3 points 2 days ago "something seriously wrong with society" I mean you were probably raised a certain way and reinforced what you learned along the way. This is the same with the other side. Raised by some dumbshit parents. Sent to school to be raised by the Internet and TV. Reinforce what you learned via certain websites and chats. Then one side attacks the other for being wrong in their eyes. permalink parent award report block reply
NoMoreShinesBilly 25 points 2 days ago God bless Charlie and his family. permalink award report block reply PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 2 days ago Amen! permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 1 points 2 days ago And awomen permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Isn't that disrespectful? permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 2 points 1 day ago https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/amen-and-awomen permalink parent award report block reply
PROCIsAsshoe 4 points 2 days ago Amen! permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 1 points 2 days ago And awomen permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Isn't that disrespectful? permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 2 points 1 day ago https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/amen-and-awomen permalink parent award report block reply
anti_masker 1 points 2 days ago And awomen permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Isn't that disrespectful? permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 2 points 1 day ago https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/amen-and-awomen permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago Isn't that disrespectful? permalink parent award report block reply anti_masker 2 points 1 day ago https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/amen-and-awomen permalink parent award report block reply
anti_masker 2 points 1 day ago https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/amen-and-awomen permalink parent award report block reply
SigSauer1776 20 points 2 days ago This is what happens when you know too much. They Seth Rich you. permalink award report block reply Belleoffreedom 23 points 2 days ago There's another motive:  He was good at persuading kids to vote. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago More importantly he was good at persuading young men to be strong Christian men. They can out-cheat votes but if we rebuild a moral Christian society led by strong men, the left is totally fucked. permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards 7 points 2 days ago 🎯 permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago This, so much, this. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 13 points 2 days ago Not just to vote but to think for themselves and not just follow whatever garbage professors and MSM spout permalink parent award report block reply
Belleoffreedom 23 points 2 days ago There's another motive:  He was good at persuading kids to vote. permalink parent award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago More importantly he was good at persuading young men to be strong Christian men. They can out-cheat votes but if we rebuild a moral Christian society led by strong men, the left is totally fucked. permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards 7 points 2 days ago 🎯 permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago This, so much, this. permalink parent award report block reply MedicallyReddit 13 points 2 days ago Not just to vote but to think for themselves and not just follow whatever garbage professors and MSM spout permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 14 points 2 days ago More importantly he was good at persuading young men to be strong Christian men. They can out-cheat votes but if we rebuild a moral Christian society led by strong men, the left is totally fucked. permalink parent award report block reply LibsRTards 7 points 2 days ago 🎯 permalink parent award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago This, so much, this. permalink parent award report block reply
LibsRTards 7 points 2 days ago 🎯 permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago This, so much, this. permalink parent award report block reply
MedicallyReddit 13 points 2 days ago Not just to vote but to think for themselves and not just follow whatever garbage professors and MSM spout permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 19 points 2 days ago We miss you dearly, Charlie. Keep watching over those babies, they need you. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago How do I upgrade to pro? I want to support this site. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 4 points 2 days ago https://scored.co/ in the right column. Upgrade to Pro Subscribing to Pro is the best way to directly support the platform. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago Thank you! permalink parent award report block reply TarHeelMAGA 2 points 2 days ago What benefits do you get? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago https://help.scored.co/knowledge-base/about-scored-pro/ permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago How do I upgrade to pro? I want to support this site. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 4 points 2 days ago https://scored.co/ in the right column. Upgrade to Pro Subscribing to Pro is the best way to directly support the platform. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago Thank you! permalink parent award report block reply TarHeelMAGA 2 points 2 days ago What benefits do you get? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago https://help.scored.co/knowledge-base/about-scored-pro/ permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP 4 points 2 days ago https://scored.co/ in the right column. Upgrade to Pro Subscribing to Pro is the best way to directly support the platform. permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago Thank you! permalink parent award report block reply TarHeelMAGA 2 points 2 days ago What benefits do you get? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago https://help.scored.co/knowledge-base/about-scored-pro/ permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago Thank you! permalink parent award report block reply
TarHeelMAGA 2 points 2 days ago What benefits do you get? permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago https://help.scored.co/knowledge-base/about-scored-pro/ permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago https://help.scored.co/knowledge-base/about-scored-pro/ permalink parent award report block reply
DeaduponArousal 18 points 2 days ago Anyone else see a massive shift in the zeitgeist after they murdered Charlie? I had written him off because of our greatest ally issue, so I had no idea he had recently come around. What’s disturbing is how his ascent in popularity was immediately snuffed within weeks of him starting to question. If you can’t be bought, or brainwashed against your own people, they’ll just outright murder you. permalink award report block reply SenorTrumper 12 points 2 days ago But Satanyahoo immediately denied do it. permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Who will murder you? permalink parent award report block reply
SenorTrumper 12 points 2 days ago But Satanyahoo immediately denied do it. permalink parent award report block reply
AndJusticeForSome 2 points 1 day ago Who will murder you? permalink parent award report block reply
SubmarineGuy 16 points 2 days ago Long after we are all gone his name will be remembered, like Martin Luther King or Socrates. Those who are martyred for their beliefs hold a special place in history.  I regret not paying much attention to Charlie Kirk while he was still alive . permalink award report block reply RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Damn bro same here, I took him for granted. Like I never in my life thought "OH I gotta save this Charlie Kirk short" because they'd blow his neck out. It's up to us to keep his name alive. Let's not fuck that up. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Fortunately, there is a LOT of videos of Charlie speaking. Definitely worth watching clips. permalink parent award report block reply
RuleoVicus 4 points 2 days ago Damn bro same here, I took him for granted. Like I never in my life thought "OH I gotta save this Charlie Kirk short" because they'd blow his neck out. It's up to us to keep his name alive. Let's not fuck that up. permalink parent award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Fortunately, there is a LOT of videos of Charlie speaking. Definitely worth watching clips. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago Fortunately, there is a LOT of videos of Charlie speaking. Definitely worth watching clips. permalink parent award report block reply
realJohnGalt 15 points 2 days ago Tragic, absolutely Tragic. permalink award report block reply
SqRt7744 14 points 2 days ago So sad. Luckily the Lord took him into his loving arms just before he turned into Hitler by rejecting MIGA publicly. Because that would have been bad, m'kay? Can't be just going around upsetting Netanyahu like that, there would have had to be consequences. permalink award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 6 points 2 days ago Netanyahu actually yelled at Tucker Carlson and lately Alex Jones warned them what would happen if anything happens to him. The theory is since they're basically the most unpopular country in the world now they'll have to do major false flag attacks to get victim status again. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 2 days ago I don't think they're going into victim status ever again but they need to make it past 80 yrs as a nation state. That's why the rhetoric is so high against Israel currently. No Jewish run state in the Middle East went past the 80 yr mark and if they make it past 2028, they're gonna celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 6 points 2 days ago Netanyahu actually yelled at Tucker Carlson and lately Alex Jones warned them what would happen if anything happens to him. The theory is since they're basically the most unpopular country in the world now they'll have to do major false flag attacks to get victim status again. permalink parent award report block reply MediaBro 2 points 2 days ago I don't think they're going into victim status ever again but they need to make it past 80 yrs as a nation state. That's why the rhetoric is so high against Israel currently. No Jewish run state in the Middle East went past the 80 yr mark and if they make it past 2028, they're gonna celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply
MediaBro 2 points 2 days ago I don't think they're going into victim status ever again but they need to make it past 80 yrs as a nation state. That's why the rhetoric is so high against Israel currently. No Jewish run state in the Middle East went past the 80 yr mark and if they make it past 2028, they're gonna celebrate. permalink parent award report block reply
FirstOrLast 14 points 2 days ago Feels like a year...I'm really missing his takes on things already permalink award report block reply
Choppermagic 13 points 2 days ago Im still mad as hell permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 9 points 2 days ago Me too permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 9 points 2 days ago Me too permalink parent award report block reply
LaptopDied 12 points 2 days ago Wonderful man. permalink award report block reply
SavingPrivateGrace 11 points 2 days ago Protect, support and nurture what he left behind in his legacy. permalink award report block reply
DeplorableUSA24 10 points 2 days ago When will the real assassin be identified 🤬 permalink award report block reply
StaticNoise2 10 points 2 days ago And in a lot of ways the enemy created more allies than ever. Just like in Acts, whenever they'd try to stamp out the gospel, it would spread even more. They made a ridiculous error by killing Charlie Kirk. Huge swaths of Conservatives realized that it isn't the "extreme, far right" that they want dead. It's even the gentle kind Conservative with logical, moderate views and a kind way of engaging with people. That made Conservatives realize there is no compromise with the leftists; just as there is no compromise with Islam. The left just revealed that key part of their game to millions of Americans who would have thought otherwise. They inadvertently dealt a humongous blow to their side. It's sort of like Stephen who was stoned to death in Acts. In the moment the adversaries were probably celebrating their victory of killing a guy who was speaking the truth, and yet the record of Stephen's faith as he's dying has been something that has strengthened believers and encouraged them for close to 2000 years now. The demonic and satanic influence behind murder and all other chaos can only steal, kill and destroy; and yet God can turn it around and turn beauty from ashes. I have little doubt that Kirk's death hasn't created many more Christians who passed from the kingdom of darkness to the kingdom of light. Churches were packed to over capacity across the nation after that. If even a fraction of those church attenders were saved, that's incredible. One single soul that can say "Once I was lost, but now I have been found" causes the angels to rejoice in heaven. I believe there has been an increase in rejoicing in heaven from all the souls that got saved after that event as an unintended result (by the enemy, not by God; God is sovereign and all-knowing) of Kirk's murder. permalink award report block reply
dtrap 10 points 2 days ago We didn't "lose" him. He was murdered by operatives. Who is going to have the guts to get justice for his children? permalink award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 1 points 1 day ago QAnon crazies are alive and well. They just found some shiney new toys. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 3 points 1 day ago "Crazies"? Right. That is why they confiscated all of the video. Gotta love "classic" rifles with polymer stocks, ignored searches, cameras that only see post action, suspects that appear across town eating chicken nuggets, and human necks that can stop 30.06 within 200 yds. We see you. permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 0 points 11 hours ago Oh boy! Say no to meth and Candance Owen's videos, folks. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 1 points 4 hours ago We see you. permalink parent award report block reply
AndJusticeForSome 1 points 1 day ago QAnon crazies are alive and well. They just found some shiney new toys. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 3 points 1 day ago "Crazies"? Right. That is why they confiscated all of the video. Gotta love "classic" rifles with polymer stocks, ignored searches, cameras that only see post action, suspects that appear across town eating chicken nuggets, and human necks that can stop 30.06 within 200 yds. We see you. permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 0 points 11 hours ago Oh boy! Say no to meth and Candance Owen's videos, folks. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 1 points 4 hours ago We see you. permalink parent award report block reply
dtrap 3 points 1 day ago "Crazies"? Right. That is why they confiscated all of the video. Gotta love "classic" rifles with polymer stocks, ignored searches, cameras that only see post action, suspects that appear across town eating chicken nuggets, and human necks that can stop 30.06 within 200 yds. We see you. permalink parent award report block reply AndJusticeForSome 0 points 11 hours ago Oh boy! Say no to meth and Candance Owen's videos, folks. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 1 points 4 hours ago We see you. permalink parent award report block reply
AndJusticeForSome 0 points 11 hours ago Oh boy! Say no to meth and Candance Owen's videos, folks. permalink parent award report block reply dtrap 1 points 4 hours ago We see you. permalink parent award report block reply
dtrap 1 points 4 hours ago We see you. permalink parent award report block reply
Aggrieved03 9 points 2 days ago Somehow we don’t have any accomplices held accountable or even the parents who let the gun be taken. Happens in other cases all the time. What about those fake ass texts? Then again we know nothing about the Vegas shooting or Trumps shooter either. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 10 points 2 days ago When Kash gets back from China he’ll probably start looking into it. Oh no that’s right, he told Tulsi to shut up about it. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 10 points 2 days ago When Kash gets back from China he’ll probably start looking into it. Oh no that’s right, he told Tulsi to shut up about it. permalink parent award report block reply
LostElf 9 points 2 days ago God will bring good forth from evil. Sooner or later. Democrats, struggling for wins, are no doubt counting on another shooter to pop up. Since there's been no significant pushback from the administration, and elections following the event were Democrat gains, assassination has to be considered one of their remaining tools. That's amazingly sad. permalink award report block reply
FauciOuchi 9 points 2 days ago At least turning point is now Israel First. I was worried there for a bit permalink award report block reply Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago When did that happen? permalink parent award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago After that Mk262 round went through his neck. Pay attention. permalink parent award report block reply
Metal4Freedom 2 points 2 days ago When did that happen? permalink parent award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago After that Mk262 round went through his neck. Pay attention. permalink parent award report block reply
SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago After that Mk262 round went through his neck. Pay attention. permalink parent award report block reply
Zippythekid 8 points 2 days ago I’ll never forget this. permalink award report block reply
Tacticalsmoke420 8 points 2 days ago It was an inside job and cover up. We can’t vote our way out of this permalink award report block reply
DCPower 7 points 2 days ago Is there a replacement for the site that was listing all the people celebrating his death? This one is down: https://www.charliesmurderers.com/ permalink award report block reply
uxername27 OP 7 points 2 days ago https://patriots.win/p/1AR0GjsfjA/charlie-kirk-shot/c permalink award report block reply DCPower 3 points 2 days ago Wait the original video is down! Or at least the one on this post. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Don't worry, history being erased as usual. permalink parent award report block reply
DCPower 3 points 2 days ago Wait the original video is down! Or at least the one on this post. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Don't worry, history being erased as usual. permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP 2 points 2 days ago Don't worry, history being erased as usual. permalink parent award report block reply
IncensedThurible 6 points 2 days ago He died, my friend, but he wasn't lost. He was better than most of us. God bless. permalink award report block reply
26magarat 6 points 2 days ago More private homes/businesses honored him by putting their flags at half mast after his death where I live than they did Cheney. And I live in a blue state. permalink award report block reply
RiffFantastic 6 points 2 days ago I'm on my way to see Rob Schneider with Turning Point at UC Berkeley right now.  Leaving in 5 minutes!  It's under statement to say, Charlie should be there. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 3 points 2 days ago I’m hoping that you and everyone else there tonight are safe!! Prayers! permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 2 days ago It was mostly peaceful! We did get funneled out behind riot police where the mob was waiting for us. I thought about shooting video of it, but I just wanted to leave without getting into any trouble. It was kind of tense, but much better managed than when Milo was supposed to speak sometime around the 2016 election. I’ll post more about it tomorrow, but it was a great tribute to Charlie and an enjoyable evening. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago Thanks! permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP 1 points 2 days ago Enjoy your time there! Send us pics! permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 3 points 2 days ago I’m hoping that you and everyone else there tonight are safe!! Prayers! permalink parent award report block reply RiffFantastic 5 points 2 days ago It was mostly peaceful! We did get funneled out behind riot police where the mob was waiting for us. I thought about shooting video of it, but I just wanted to leave without getting into any trouble. It was kind of tense, but much better managed than when Milo was supposed to speak sometime around the 2016 election. I’ll post more about it tomorrow, but it was a great tribute to Charlie and an enjoyable evening. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago Thanks! permalink parent award report block reply
RiffFantastic 5 points 2 days ago It was mostly peaceful! We did get funneled out behind riot police where the mob was waiting for us. I thought about shooting video of it, but I just wanted to leave without getting into any trouble. It was kind of tense, but much better managed than when Milo was supposed to speak sometime around the 2016 election. I’ll post more about it tomorrow, but it was a great tribute to Charlie and an enjoyable evening. permalink parent award report block reply uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago Thanks! permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP -1 points 2 days ago Thanks! permalink parent award report block reply
uxername27 OP 1 points 2 days ago Enjoy your time there! Send us pics! permalink parent award report block reply
TheRPatriot 6 points 2 days ago What?! It’s already been 2 months?! permalink award report block reply
deleted 6 points 2 days ago TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Being an agent provocateur is hard work, poor thing. Democrats always want someone else to do violence for them. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago Being an agent provocateur is hard work, poor thing. Democrats always want someone else to do violence for them. permalink parent award report block reply
ThreeTimeTrumper 5 points 2 days ago Charlie was only a year and a half older than me. Tragic. A wonderful life cut short. permalink award report block reply StaticNoise2 11 points 2 days ago He was younger than me. I'm 33. That was bizarre when I found that out. You reach an age where you don't expect people to be younger than you. It's like when you watch a movie where a character and actor seems so much more "grown up" and having more "gravitas" than you and always has, and your brain still processes them the way you've always processed them, and then you realize they were 31, and you're 33 and you start feeling like a real loser. Similar with Charlie Kirk. I'm like, "he was younger than me?!" permalink parent award report block reply Bbme19 4 points 2 days ago Just one month older than me. 😥 I'll be 32 on the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply
StaticNoise2 11 points 2 days ago He was younger than me. I'm 33. That was bizarre when I found that out. You reach an age where you don't expect people to be younger than you. It's like when you watch a movie where a character and actor seems so much more "grown up" and having more "gravitas" than you and always has, and your brain still processes them the way you've always processed them, and then you realize they were 31, and you're 33 and you start feeling like a real loser. Similar with Charlie Kirk. I'm like, "he was younger than me?!" permalink parent award report block reply
Bbme19 4 points 2 days ago Just one month older than me. 😥 I'll be 32 on the 19th. permalink parent award report block reply
LogicCircuits 5 points 2 days ago it's really been 2 months already? permalink award report block reply
Kolob64 4 points 2 days ago I was shocked at how many people had no idea who he was until he was assassinated.  He has far more influence now. permalink award report block reply
cannonfodder 4 points 2 days ago I  would have thought a top priority for Charlie's security team would have been securing the high places with lines of sight to the stage.  This particularly since Trump nearly lost his life due to the same type of security failure. permalink award report block reply mikejones 4 points 2 days ago Dude had like 10 security people 30 feet from him. But at colleges you are left with numerous high places. I doubt he wants 10 snipers looking down all around him when he talks. permalink parent award report block reply TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago They talked about the many suspicious things around the assassination and security team on the Alex Jones show. Security didn't have blood on them from trying to save him, they acted strangely as if it were scripted, one took a photo of him with his glasses, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 4 points 2 days ago Dude had like 10 security people 30 feet from him. But at colleges you are left with numerous high places. I doubt he wants 10 snipers looking down all around him when he talks. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpAndGodWin 1 points 2 days ago They talked about the many suspicious things around the assassination and security team on the Alex Jones show. Security didn't have blood on them from trying to save him, they acted strangely as if it were scripted, one took a photo of him with his glasses, etc. permalink parent award report block reply
stillbringingitback 4 points 2 days ago His name was Charlie Kirk. permalink award report block reply
EdBuck 4 points 2 days ago I'm still shocked he's gone and what happened in the aftermath it's a 9/11 moment permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago 9/10 permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago 9/10 permalink parent award report block reply
OldGloryUnfurled 4 points 2 days ago They'd cheer the same fate for any one of us as our families watched on. Do not forget this if you ever feel like mercy is an option. permalink award report block reply
Citizen_Bob 4 points 2 days ago A lot of "influencers" on X are pretending this didn't happen all of a sudden. A lot of clingers, grifters, and adversarial larps. permalink award report block reply
LastconservativeNY2 4 points 2 days ago I followed him for years and had no doubt he would one day be president. I'm not sure TPUSA will survive without his leadership. I heard, but do not know, that they did take the pro-isreal funding that Charlie rejected. permalink award report block reply TheTelltaleFly 4 points 2 days ago They canceled the DOGE audit he ordered. permalink parent award report block reply
TheTelltaleFly 4 points 2 days ago They canceled the DOGE audit he ordered. permalink parent award report block reply
DITTOPatriot 4 points 2 days ago I think this backfired on them. So many are wide awake now that the genie isn't going back in the bottle, no matter how many shekels they throw at it. Get ready for cancel culture to go to level 10, and AI is going to turbocharge it. permalink award report block reply
Getelectedordietryin 3 points 2 days ago I’ll never let this go or ever forget permalink award report block reply
lispboy 3 points 2 days ago Still pissed about it. I'll never not wonder why his shirt popped, there no reason why a bullet to the neck would do that, and that the bullet did not pierce through his body... So many questions. permalink award report block reply SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago Fabric is light and a projectile moving 2800-3200fps has to disperse a lot of air to get where it's going. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 1 points 1 day ago From the chamber, maybe, but in this case it would have broken the laws of physics. A bullet is very small and displaces a tiny amount of air relative to its speed, especially not enough air to make it do what happened to Charlie. The only two explanations would if the bullet ricocheted off an object on his person (Charlie was not wearing a vest), or a projectile was elected from inside his shirt. permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Becase his mic contained the killing mechanism. The VERY MOMENT he puts it down, BANG. Always have a team inspect your mic and area. Charlie relaxed and got killed for relaxing. permalink parent award report block reply
SwedishChainsaw2 2 points 1 day ago Fabric is light and a projectile moving 2800-3200fps has to disperse a lot of air to get where it's going. permalink parent award report block reply lispboy 1 points 1 day ago From the chamber, maybe, but in this case it would have broken the laws of physics. A bullet is very small and displaces a tiny amount of air relative to its speed, especially not enough air to make it do what happened to Charlie. The only two explanations would if the bullet ricocheted off an object on his person (Charlie was not wearing a vest), or a projectile was elected from inside his shirt. permalink parent award report block reply
lispboy 1 points 1 day ago From the chamber, maybe, but in this case it would have broken the laws of physics. A bullet is very small and displaces a tiny amount of air relative to its speed, especially not enough air to make it do what happened to Charlie. The only two explanations would if the bullet ricocheted off an object on his person (Charlie was not wearing a vest), or a projectile was elected from inside his shirt. permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 1 points 2 days ago Becase his mic contained the killing mechanism. The VERY MOMENT he puts it down, BANG. Always have a team inspect your mic and area. Charlie relaxed and got killed for relaxing. permalink parent award report block reply
thp2034 3 points 2 days ago Rest easy good and faithful servant... permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 3 points 2 days ago I've been so sad since he was murdered... .. especially when I see his face permalink award report block reply
Herpawinski 2 points 1 day ago They only succeeded in creating ten thousand Charlies. permalink award report block reply
SuperHonkey 2 points 2 days ago F permalink award report block reply
MediaBro 2 points 2 days ago They took out Kirk and now Fuentes is the leader permalink award report block reply
NotMyGovernor 2 points 2 days ago “Israel blesses those who bless Israel” - Ted Cruz permalink award report block reply
gezadreamsheets2 2 points 2 days ago It’s still hard to believe. permalink award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 2 points 2 days ago We still have Nick Fuentes. permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 0 points 2 days ago Nope. He’s filth. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 2 days ago you're jewish permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago You’re trollish. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 0 points 2 days ago Nope. He’s filth. permalink parent award report block reply RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 2 days ago you're jewish permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago You’re trollish. permalink parent award report block reply
RhodesianRidgeback 1 points 2 days ago you're jewish permalink parent award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago You’re trollish. permalink parent award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 5 points 2 days ago You’re trollish. permalink parent award report block reply
SoldierOnFire 2 points 2 days ago I just received my Charlie Kirk print from Sam Ryan, it’s amazing! permalink award report block reply
DoMagnum 2 points 1 day ago He was NOT lost, he was taken from us. There is a difference. permalink award report block reply
So_Much_Happening 2 points 2 days ago Erika mourns in a unique fashion permalink award report block reply
ReallyGayMods 2 points 2 days ago Its unlikely we will recover from this before the end of the decade, tbh. We are in for a lot of hurt without him. Thats why they did it. permalink award report block reply
linthat22 2 points 1 day ago Looks like a Vivek and Newscum Ai generated image. permalink award report block reply
Live_free_or_die_55 2 points 2 days ago R. I.P friend permalink award report block reply
Goozmania 1 points 1 day ago And it resulted in literally no action from the right. Not even slightly. permalink award report block reply
ZohanDvir 0 points 2 days ago I took his death very hard. I still think of him and thank for all the good he has done. What is sad are the retarded groypers, Candace, and Tucker fans trying to co-opt his movement. Especially when Candace and the gay Mexican attacked him nonstop and tried to destroy what he built. permalink award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago What was said? How were they "attacking" him? Do you know? Inform us plz permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir 2 points 2 days ago Just check how they would harass him in his speeches. https://www.msn.com/en-in/news/world/dinesh-dsouza-shares-texts-from-charlie-kirk-ripping-him-for-debating-vermin-nick-fuentes-the-damage-you-did/ar-AA1Po2A8 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago thank you. u/pdwbot quad brick permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 3 points 2 days ago What was said? How were they "attacking" him? Do you know? Inform us plz permalink parent award report block reply ZohanDvir 2 points 2 days ago Just check how they would harass him in his speeches. https://www.msn.com/en-in/news/world/dinesh-dsouza-shares-texts-from-charlie-kirk-ripping-him-for-debating-vermin-nick-fuentes-the-damage-you-did/ar-AA1Po2A8 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago thank you. u/pdwbot quad brick permalink parent award report block reply
ZohanDvir 2 points 2 days ago Just check how they would harass him in his speeches. https://www.msn.com/en-in/news/world/dinesh-dsouza-shares-texts-from-charlie-kirk-ripping-him-for-debating-vermin-nick-fuentes-the-damage-you-did/ar-AA1Po2A8 permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago thank you. u/pdwbot quad brick permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago thank you. u/pdwbot quad brick permalink parent award report block reply
ZohanDvir -1 points 2 days ago I took his death very hard. I still think of him and thank for all the good he has done. What is sad are the retarded groypers, Candace, and Tucker fans trying to co-opt his movement. Especially when Candace and the gay Mexican attacked him nonstop and tried to destroy what he built. permalink award report block reply
Bounce2013 -1 points 1 day ago if you really believe Charlie Kirk was assassinated and this is not a huge psyop on patriots, then i got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you. DM me for pricing. permalink award report block reply Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago I’m looking at setting up tollbooths. What are you offering? Are you suggesting he’s not dead? A man like Charlie would NOT go along with a psyop. That’s a silly conclusion. permalink parent award report block reply
Atruckdriver 2 points 1 day ago I’m looking at setting up tollbooths. What are you offering? Are you suggesting he’s not dead? A man like Charlie would NOT go along with a psyop. That’s a silly conclusion. permalink parent award report block reply
Peekov3 -2 points 2 days ago Karma farmers permalink award report block reply StaticNoise2 6 points 2 days ago This aint Reddit. "Karma" points means nothing here, nobody cares about the points, or even checks what it is on other people's profile and doesn't even care what it looks like on their own. This post is about having a memorial and honoring a person. Something people have been doing from the beginning of creation. Don't let retarded Reddit abnormality make you cynical on everything. Reddit's not real life. In real life, we honor great people. Nobody here cares about people's points. A new user could have zero points and they make a great post and get pinned because it's a great post. That's how it works here. That's not how it works on Reddit. They actually care about the loser points crap on Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 2 points 2 days ago Ok, thanks for the explanation.  Glad you actually care. Sorry! permalink parent award report block reply StaticNoise2 3 points 2 days ago For sure, it's all good brother! permalink parent award report block reply guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago "FORGET ABOUT CHARLIE KIRK. THE LEFT WANTS YOU TO, AND SO DO I!!!!" permalink parent award report block reply
StaticNoise2 6 points 2 days ago This aint Reddit. "Karma" points means nothing here, nobody cares about the points, or even checks what it is on other people's profile and doesn't even care what it looks like on their own. This post is about having a memorial and honoring a person. Something people have been doing from the beginning of creation. Don't let retarded Reddit abnormality make you cynical on everything. Reddit's not real life. In real life, we honor great people. Nobody here cares about people's points. A new user could have zero points and they make a great post and get pinned because it's a great post. That's how it works here. That's not how it works on Reddit. They actually care about the loser points crap on Reddit. permalink parent award report block reply Peekov3 2 points 2 days ago Ok, thanks for the explanation.  Glad you actually care. Sorry! permalink parent award report block reply StaticNoise2 3 points 2 days ago For sure, it's all good brother! permalink parent award report block reply
Peekov3 2 points 2 days ago Ok, thanks for the explanation.  Glad you actually care. Sorry! permalink parent award report block reply StaticNoise2 3 points 2 days ago For sure, it's all good brother! permalink parent award report block reply
StaticNoise2 3 points 2 days ago For sure, it's all good brother! permalink parent award report block reply
guywholikesDjtof2024 2 points 2 days ago "FORGET ABOUT CHARLIE KIRK. THE LEFT WANTS YOU TO, AND SO DO I!!!!" permalink parent award report block reply
EyesSewnShut 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
unotrumpcard 0 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply LolOkFBI 6 points 2 days ago You’re a fucking lunatic permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
LolOkFBI 6 points 2 days ago You’re a fucking lunatic permalink parent award report block reply unotrumpcard 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
unotrumpcard 1 points 2 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply