450 San Diego hires inspectors to snoop in residents' garbage cans to make sure they're recycling properly posted 2 hours ago by CounterStrike 98 comments award share download report block
98 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Apersonofinterest 70 points 1 hour ago You go through the effort of sorting your trash and then they pick it up and throw it all in one dump. This is just another way to shake the taxpayers down. I bet they don't do these inspections in the ghettos and barrios. They're going where the money is. permalink award report block reply Danofdestiny 33 points 1 hour ago The police don't cite or arrest homeless people for most crimes where I live, they reserve that privilege for the people who have something to lose. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 17 points 1 hour ago The homeless literally poisoned the water table with their toxic campsites, and yet you know who the city inspectors go after? The guy with his shrubs 1 inch over the city sidewalk... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 27 minutes ago Wait until that 'city sidewalk' in front of your house has weeds growing out of the cracks or is tilted from a tree root - then the city will cite you for not fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply least_counties_ever 24 points 1 hour ago Performative “recycling” is to satisfy California Karens. This added inspection is just more environmental theater to shore up their base. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 10 points 1 hour ago They do recycling bins everywhere, not just California, but recycling is a scam, anybody who even knows what happens to the recycling after it's picked up will know that you feel like you're saving the planet while you spent so much time for stuff to end up on the same landfill as the regular stuff... permalink parent award report block reply SneakyWino 3 points 58 minutes ago True.  The only thing worth maybe recycling is glass but you would have to sort it by color. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 41 minutes ago Let's not forget that the plastic bag ban lead to 100,000 more tons of plastic in CA landfills. I kept telling people that's what will happen and you'll just lose money for no reason. Nope, they care only about the theater. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 5 points 1 hour ago Are there going to be fines associated with these inspections? permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 4 points 1 hour ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply shadowbanana 3 points 1 hour ago So it's a tax for non-compliance. permalink parent award report block reply HRpumpanddump 3 points 35 minutes ago Karens = Borderline Personality Disorder. permalink parent award report block reply Rudy_DankMemer 8 points 58 minutes ago You go through the effort of sorting your trash and then they pick it up and throw it all in one dump. This is exactly how it really is. This is just another way to shake the taxpayers down. Seattle suburbs were inspecting trash in the 90's after they made recycling mandatory... fines started at $125 in Bellevue. One of my PT employees worked full time at Waste fucking Management - he told everyone he knew that it was all bullshit. I bet they don't do these inspections in the ghettos and barrios. Recycling is only racist, when white people DON'T do it. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 24 minutes ago Decades ago when mandatory recycling had only been around a short time, the NYT Sunday magazine had a long article detailing how retarded it was, factoring in a second set of trucks, separate sets of cans, sorting and there being no viable market to actually re use the materials.  They've known it's stupid since the beginning. permalink parent award report block reply PhilipeNegro 6 points 1 hour ago They’ve been doing this in Philadelphia for decades. The fine structure was passed before any plan was made to properly sort recyclables (still hasn’t), and they’ll happily slip a ticket through your mail slot for violating. To add, it used to cost $35 for a brittle plastic bin, which was always too small, had to be purchased in-person waaaay out in an area filled with junkyards (and dead bodies, too), and the lovely trash men would just chuck it over the row of parked cars onto the sidewalk. I think the longest one ever lasted was 8 months. Now we’re out in the boonies, and the recycling crew is three guys that sort your bin right in your driveway. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 5 points 58 minutes ago Yup, I watch the recycling guys yeet the blue bin 10 feet every week until it’s completely cracked and useless. I shred everything including junk mail so that nothing with my name or address on it ends up in the trash whole. If I ever get that fine I’ll demand they prove it was my trash, which they can’t. Anyone can put trash in any curb. I doubt it’d repeal the ticket but always fight every ticket from the nanny state. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 3 points 59 minutes ago Do they steal the aluminum cans? That was the first thing I wondered about when I saw that there are people scrounging around in people's trash! Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago The precious BIPOCs or whatever they're called this week probably won't be bothered. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments... SickIcarus 25 points 1 hour ago Recycling is such a scam - just a bunch of virtue-signaling feel-good bullshit: “I’m doing my part!” It all goes to the same landfill. Recycleable materials used to be sold to China, then they decided they didn’t want them because it didn’t make financial sense. Want to really make recycling work? Have garbage sorted at the transfer station! They’re already set up for it, already staffed for it, and it would actually be effective. Did you know you can’t recycle pizza boxes? The cardboard is “contaminated” by the food waste stuck to the inside of the box. When I lived in California, they were talking about starting to fine you something like $5 for sorting and recycling “improperly.” Ok then, if tomato paste contaminates recyclables, then I put everything in the garbage can and poured a 25-cent can of tomato soup over the top - cheaper than the fine and they can’t complain. Fuck em. permalink award report block reply Suckitreddit 8 points 1 hour ago I like your problem solving style, pede. I like it! permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 4 points 57 minutes ago Modern problems. Modern solutions! permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 5 points 53 minutes ago I like that idea; pour cheap icky stuff on the top so they can't go through it. permalink parent award report block reply XlDEN 4 points 48 minutes ago Yes. Go to any big company and they’ll have separate bins for garbage and recycling. Ask janitors at any of these companies and they will tell you it all goes into the same dumpster. The recycling is just to make the employees happy. It’s the same at any resort as well. It’s just to make the guests feel good and that their recycling has somehow environmentally balanced out whatever they did for entertainment. A lot of communities actually pay companies to haul away their recyclables. These companies then pay other companies to take it from them. It goes down the line like that until it winds up in places like Africa and India where it just gets dumped into the ocean. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 34 minutes ago There is actual money in some recycling but it's as you say done be a line of brokers essentially. They then store just aluminum, for instance, until the price is right and someone can process it at a profit. It's so inconsistent that it's nearly never worth it. permalink parent award report block reply SickIcarus 1 points 39 minutes ago My favorite is when the trash can has openings for trash and recycling, but only one garbage bag. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 29 minutes ago It all goes to the same landfill. Recycleable materials used to be sold to China, then they decided they didn’t want them because it didn’t make financial sense. I read an article on this a while back (don't have it available right now): China used to take the recycling for 'free' (there were empty shipping containers coming back anyhow, so it just went in them.) They eventually started charging the US for them to take it. Once they had a 'supply' line of their own built up of cardboard/plastic/glass/etc, then they said, "no thanks, we don't want it." permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 47 minutes ago Public trash cans are never sorted for recyclables. Straight to the dump for everything. These 'lid lifter' faggots should be fining themselves. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments... TheMustacheBandit 12 points 1 hour ago I don't even bother sorting. Everything goes into trash until its full, then the rest will go into recycle.  It all goes to same place, they can sort it themselves if they want to. permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 28 minutes ago I sort it, only because I can get rid of it for free. I live in the country, so I don't get 'free' trash service....I bag up my trash and toss it into a local store's can. permalink parent award report block reply TheGunFairy 11 points 1 hour ago Jokes on them hobos already dig for cans because CA pays for them. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 6 points 1 hour ago Our trash cans get sweeped at least 3 times a day. The early bums get the cans. permalink parent award report block reply Grindelwald 9 points 1 hour ago I have a wife for that, Oops, that did not sound right.  But she corrects my error in the kitchen.  So I have no liability. permalink award report block reply Crappydatum 6 points 1 hour ago They literally have cameras on the trucks that can look at the recycling as it's being dumped. My son got a fine from Seattle refuse over a decade ago for something wrong in his recycle bin. Used the Ring camera to prove it was a neighbor putting the offending garbage in the recycle bin. Did Seattle refuse care? Oh hell no, fine stuck and he left that hellhole. Not even jobs at the big three (Google, Microsoft, Amazon) could keep him there. He makes 25% of what he used to and is 4 times happier now. permalink award report block reply OutlawPurpleHairDye 6 points 1 hour ago No surprise that the same places emptying the prisons of actual criminals and shielding illegal invaders loves harassing the actual taxpaying citizens with stupid shit like this. permalink award report block reply NOTWOKE 5 points 1 hour ago Rub shit on the container handles. permalink award report block reply FredRedd 2 points 1 hour ago THIS is the way! permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 1 points 55 minutes ago It’s Cali, I’m SURE some homeless fent fiend took care of that already. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 5 points 1 hour ago Just dump a mound of chicken shit in them. permalink award report block reply PhilipeNegro 5 points 1 hour ago Poop in it. Make them not want to come to work ever again. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 60 minutes ago If you're going to do that, go the extra mile and just shit on top of it. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 19 minutes ago Live raccoons and bungee the lid shut? permalink parent award report block reply SDsc0rch 4 points 1 hour ago "recycling is garbage" https://archive.is/N8h4b permalink award report block reply CounterStrike OP 4 points 2 hours ago https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-15281479/san-diego-garbage-inspectors-recycling.html permalink award report block reply Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 1 hour ago Recycling is already inefficient and now, they increase thru a salary for rediculousness. Also that's my trash until you pick it up to dump it. Trespassing. permalink award report block reply FearGodTheAlmighty 4 points 1 hour ago Your tax dollars at work permalink award report block reply pococurante 2 points 1 hour ago San Francisco must hire toilet inspectors to ensure people are shitting in them properly. It's the only solution to all of the shitting on the sidewalks. permalink award report block reply Lol_Garrus 2 points 58 minutes ago "You're hiding plastic bottles in the trash can, aren't you?" permalink award report block reply DeltaSierra 2 points 1 hour ago Not complicated.  Once it is in their bin it belongs to them.  Most places have an option to take it down to the trash dump yourself. permalink award report block reply Rudy_DankMemer 2 points 54 minutes ago Most places have an option to take it down to the trash dump yourself. Twenty-seven (27) states and the District of Columbia have at least one mandatory recycling requirement. https://www.nerc.org/disposal-bans-mandatory-recycling permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 45 minutes ago I am pretty sure my trash collectors would be much more upset at having trash thrown in the recycle bin than having recyclables thrown with the trash.  These guys don’t give a fuk about climate change. permalink parent award report block reply barwhack 2 points 1 hour ago Dead rats. permalink award report block reply Goatboy66 2 points 1 hour ago All a Kickback SCAM. permalink award report block reply IBentMyWookie 2 points 1 hour ago The biggest joke is that most of the recycling in programs ends up in a landfill or garage to China anyhow. They just want a reason to search and fine people into poverty. permalink award report block reply cross_bearer_02 2 points 1 hour ago Nothing else better to do than rifle through someone's garbage, is it? permalink award report block reply FredRedd 2 points 1 hour ago And euthanizing pet squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply nats1mom 2 points 1 hour ago Doing the same in Scottsdale, AZ!!!! They remove nonrecycling items and then throw the items on the ground in front of recycle bin. permalink award report block reply PMSocks 2 points 1 hour ago My area required clear garbage bags so you could see inside ... I always thought 2 pints of ketchup and a baby doll could be entertaining in a bag. permalink award report block reply Danofdestiny 2 points 1 hour ago Sacramento already does this. permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 1 points 59 minutes ago When did that start? permalink parent award report block reply Danofdestiny 1 points 25 minutes ago Sometime this year. I've had two friends who told me that they received written warnings from the city waste dept about separating their trash and putting it in the designated can with a printed guide. Supposedly all food waste is supposed to go in the yard waste can so if you don't have much of a yard, like myself, you can have rotting food in a can on the side of your house for weeks while the yard clippings slowly accumulate. I don't participate, but I haven't been warned yet either. permalink parent award report block reply mikejones 2 points 59 minutes ago I always thought recycling was a scam. I have never recycled and at work I toss shit straight into the trash as they only separate cardboard from everything else. I would never survive in a blue city. permalink award report block reply Owmyballz 2 points 1 hour ago I'd break out the burn barrel before I'd submit to that shit. permalink award report block reply Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 1 hour ago Well i guess I’d be taking a dump in the trash from now on permalink award report block reply mateus 1 points 37 minutes ago More gestapo tactics from the greenies and the same people bitching about "authoritarianism." Put the trash out just as the trucks
are coming lol. permalink award report block reply utfanx2 1 points 57 minutes ago They were just whining about unreasonable seach and seizure for illegal aliens. permalink award report block reply TwoArizonaPedes 1 points 1 hour ago And if they determine you're not recycling "enough" what happens? permalink award report block reply CovfefeVideo 1 points 22 seconds ago Follow them home.  Put recyclables in their trash.  Report them. permalink award report block reply blueeyephoto 1 points 47 minutes ago Big Govt is watching you permalink award report block reply IvIA6A 1 points 23 minutes ago Watch penn and teller bullshit episode on recycling. It's all a grift to enrich these city managers and these recycling companies. The only profitable thing that is recycled is aluminum cans, and all the new paper that is made is from specially grown forests for the wood pulp. We're not clear-cutting trees for any of that. It's a scam. On a sidenote, those recycling bins at the grocery store for plastic bags all get thrown away. permalink award report block reply redditadminssuckit 1 points 45 minutes ago Keep the can on your property until the last minute permalink award report block reply DingDongDitch 1 points 54 minutes ago H1-Bs dont give a fucccckkkk. Have fun in the Hindu hoods permalink award report block reply QueensOwn 1 points 1 hour ago Uh, NYC has been doing this for a few years already. Think of it as the ultimate revenue generator for the socialist utopia. There are 4 separate bins. The latest is food waste. I don’t live there (my mother does) but it is IMPOSSIBLE to know and follow all the rules. These Sanitation “inspectors” are super aggressive and regularly issue fines. Now try getting an elderly old lady to follow these rules. The Sanitation GESTAPO are real. permalink award report block reply BillyBillington 1 points 1 hour ago Gotta be sure all the plastic going to India is legit permalink award report block reply GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 1 hour ago I'm not a bit surprised. I lived there from 2005-2007 and back then you would be FINED if you didn't recycle properly. Asshoes. permalink award report block reply one_cool 1 points 44 minutes ago Seattle was doing this to make sure the garbage was "clean" of compostable organics.  F'd leftist neuroticism on full display. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 32 minutes ago They should have to pay you for your recycling. You're giving them resources for free. permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 1 points 1 hour ago I give it two months before one of these inspectors is caught applying for a credit card using someone else's id permalink award report block reply hughjasske69 1 points 31 minutes ago TIME TO SHIT IN THE DUMPSTERS permalink award report block reply JamesBond007 1 points 51 minutes ago Snakes. Snakes in all my trash. permalink award report block reply IsrorOrca 1 points 30 minutes ago Self manufactured problems for CA - not my problem. permalink award report block reply Koikatrose 1 points 1 hour ago So glad I don't live in that stupid state.
Next they will be inspecting your toilet flushes. permalink award report block reply Hangmhigh 1 points 41 minutes ago Sawzall the recycling bin and put it in
the trash. permalink award report block reply bagel_fragility 1 points 1 hour ago reminds me of a trailer park boys episode permalink award report block reply 2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 1 hour ago Typical woke LIB nitwittery.  What absolute worthless fools. permalink award report block reply rebuildingMyself 1 points 40 minutes ago Yes please spend city funds on another way to Karen out at your neighbor all so the recycling bins contents can go to the same fucking dump as the other trash. permalink award report block reply penguinjay1212 1 points 5 minutes ago Win win. They can now get warrants for actual productive people's homes over a junkie throwing something in their garbage. Beautiful! That junkie could even be the cop. If I had a garbage can, I discreetly get a cam on it asap. Might be matter of freedom. Wtf is this??? Such an intrusion. Everyone will just litter anything remotely sketchy waaaaay harder now. Opposite effect incoming. Just as intended. If these people are failing this hard on accident, well, one could hardly even suspend their disbelief. Everything the govt does is underhanded, bc a mf would wanna shoot em over the shit they do. Even the freedom loving non recycler or someone's crazy grandma who actually tries but cant get it right. They are gonna fine her? California is fucking evil. Retards x evil govt = this I'm sure my state will do the same in 15 years or so... permalink award report block reply Shakakka99 1 points 4 minutes ago Showtime: Penn & Teller: Bullshit! • Season 2 S2 E5: Recycling FIND IT.  WATCH IT.  LAUGH YOUR ASS OFF. permalink award report block reply DingleBalls 1 points 1 hour ago Violates illegal search and seizure permalink award report block reply MJK1 1 points 39 minutes ago Our little bit of recycling isn't going to save the world anyway. permalink award report block reply ckover9000 1 points 28 minutes ago They do this here in Va. $50 if they find a non-recyclable in your bin. $150 if they find it again. I just put everything recyclable in my regular trash and never touch the stupid recycle bin. Next they'll start going thru your regular trash slicing open bags to see if anything recyclable in there and fine you. permalink award report block reply Hikedelics 2 points 4 minutes ago Lmfao Who wants to start putting glass bottles. aluminum cans, and fucking baby seals in some prominent assholes garbage cans? permalink award report block reply NotYourMan 1 points 3 minutes ago Big government everywhere.  In San Jose, CA the city has people driving around looking for "upgrades" to single family homes to make sure they get the regulation fees and inspection fees.  California is a socialist society by city, county, state regulations. permalink award report block reply Suckitreddit 1 points 1 hour ago They do this in Reno. Don’t know if there is a camera on the truck or what. If the can isn’t locked, how can you blame the resident? And…what a great way to spend money! Meanwhile the homeless are so neat and tidy. permalink award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 70 points 1 hour ago You go through the effort of sorting your trash and then they pick it up and throw it all in one dump. This is just another way to shake the taxpayers down. I bet they don't do these inspections in the ghettos and barrios. They're going where the money is. permalink award report block reply Danofdestiny 33 points 1 hour ago The police don't cite or arrest homeless people for most crimes where I live, they reserve that privilege for the people who have something to lose. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 17 points 1 hour ago The homeless literally poisoned the water table with their toxic campsites, and yet you know who the city inspectors go after? The guy with his shrubs 1 inch over the city sidewalk... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 27 minutes ago Wait until that 'city sidewalk' in front of your house has weeds growing out of the cracks or is tilted from a tree root - then the city will cite you for not fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply least_counties_ever 24 points 1 hour ago Performative “recycling” is to satisfy California Karens. This added inspection is just more environmental theater to shore up their base. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 10 points 1 hour ago They do recycling bins everywhere, not just California, but recycling is a scam, anybody who even knows what happens to the recycling after it's picked up will know that you feel like you're saving the planet while you spent so much time for stuff to end up on the same landfill as the regular stuff... permalink parent award report block reply SneakyWino 3 points 58 minutes ago True.  The only thing worth maybe recycling is glass but you would have to sort it by color. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 41 minutes ago Let's not forget that the plastic bag ban lead to 100,000 more tons of plastic in CA landfills. I kept telling people that's what will happen and you'll just lose money for no reason. Nope, they care only about the theater. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 5 points 1 hour ago Are there going to be fines associated with these inspections? permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 4 points 1 hour ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply shadowbanana 3 points 1 hour ago So it's a tax for non-compliance. permalink parent award report block reply HRpumpanddump 3 points 35 minutes ago Karens = Borderline Personality Disorder. permalink parent award report block reply Rudy_DankMemer 8 points 58 minutes ago You go through the effort of sorting your trash and then they pick it up and throw it all in one dump. This is exactly how it really is. This is just another way to shake the taxpayers down. Seattle suburbs were inspecting trash in the 90's after they made recycling mandatory... fines started at $125 in Bellevue. One of my PT employees worked full time at Waste fucking Management - he told everyone he knew that it was all bullshit. I bet they don't do these inspections in the ghettos and barrios. Recycling is only racist, when white people DON'T do it. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 24 minutes ago Decades ago when mandatory recycling had only been around a short time, the NYT Sunday magazine had a long article detailing how retarded it was, factoring in a second set of trucks, separate sets of cans, sorting and there being no viable market to actually re use the materials.  They've known it's stupid since the beginning. permalink parent award report block reply PhilipeNegro 6 points 1 hour ago They’ve been doing this in Philadelphia for decades. The fine structure was passed before any plan was made to properly sort recyclables (still hasn’t), and they’ll happily slip a ticket through your mail slot for violating. To add, it used to cost $35 for a brittle plastic bin, which was always too small, had to be purchased in-person waaaay out in an area filled with junkyards (and dead bodies, too), and the lovely trash men would just chuck it over the row of parked cars onto the sidewalk. I think the longest one ever lasted was 8 months. Now we’re out in the boonies, and the recycling crew is three guys that sort your bin right in your driveway. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 5 points 58 minutes ago Yup, I watch the recycling guys yeet the blue bin 10 feet every week until it’s completely cracked and useless. I shred everything including junk mail so that nothing with my name or address on it ends up in the trash whole. If I ever get that fine I’ll demand they prove it was my trash, which they can’t. Anyone can put trash in any curb. I doubt it’d repeal the ticket but always fight every ticket from the nanny state. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 3 points 59 minutes ago Do they steal the aluminum cans? That was the first thing I wondered about when I saw that there are people scrounging around in people's trash! Lol. permalink parent award report block reply Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago The precious BIPOCs or whatever they're called this week probably won't be bothered. permalink parent award report block reply load 5 more comments...
Danofdestiny 33 points 1 hour ago The police don't cite or arrest homeless people for most crimes where I live, they reserve that privilege for the people who have something to lose. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 17 points 1 hour ago The homeless literally poisoned the water table with their toxic campsites, and yet you know who the city inspectors go after? The guy with his shrubs 1 inch over the city sidewalk... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 27 minutes ago Wait until that 'city sidewalk' in front of your house has weeds growing out of the cracks or is tilted from a tree root - then the city will cite you for not fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply
gunteh 17 points 1 hour ago The homeless literally poisoned the water table with their toxic campsites, and yet you know who the city inspectors go after? The guy with his shrubs 1 inch over the city sidewalk... permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 27 minutes ago Wait until that 'city sidewalk' in front of your house has weeds growing out of the cracks or is tilted from a tree root - then the city will cite you for not fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 27 minutes ago Wait until that 'city sidewalk' in front of your house has weeds growing out of the cracks or is tilted from a tree root - then the city will cite you for not fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply
least_counties_ever 24 points 1 hour ago Performative “recycling” is to satisfy California Karens. This added inspection is just more environmental theater to shore up their base. permalink parent award report block reply gunteh 10 points 1 hour ago They do recycling bins everywhere, not just California, but recycling is a scam, anybody who even knows what happens to the recycling after it's picked up will know that you feel like you're saving the planet while you spent so much time for stuff to end up on the same landfill as the regular stuff... permalink parent award report block reply SneakyWino 3 points 58 minutes ago True.  The only thing worth maybe recycling is glass but you would have to sort it by color. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 41 minutes ago Let's not forget that the plastic bag ban lead to 100,000 more tons of plastic in CA landfills. I kept telling people that's what will happen and you'll just lose money for no reason. Nope, they care only about the theater. permalink parent award report block reply Apersonofinterest 5 points 1 hour ago Are there going to be fines associated with these inspections? permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 4 points 1 hour ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply shadowbanana 3 points 1 hour ago So it's a tax for non-compliance. permalink parent award report block reply HRpumpanddump 3 points 35 minutes ago Karens = Borderline Personality Disorder. permalink parent award report block reply
gunteh 10 points 1 hour ago They do recycling bins everywhere, not just California, but recycling is a scam, anybody who even knows what happens to the recycling after it's picked up will know that you feel like you're saving the planet while you spent so much time for stuff to end up on the same landfill as the regular stuff... permalink parent award report block reply SneakyWino 3 points 58 minutes ago True.  The only thing worth maybe recycling is glass but you would have to sort it by color. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 41 minutes ago Let's not forget that the plastic bag ban lead to 100,000 more tons of plastic in CA landfills. I kept telling people that's what will happen and you'll just lose money for no reason. Nope, they care only about the theater. permalink parent award report block reply
SneakyWino 3 points 58 minutes ago True.  The only thing worth maybe recycling is glass but you would have to sort it by color. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 41 minutes ago Let's not forget that the plastic bag ban lead to 100,000 more tons of plastic in CA landfills. I kept telling people that's what will happen and you'll just lose money for no reason. Nope, they care only about the theater. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 5 points 1 hour ago Are there going to be fines associated with these inspections? permalink parent award report block reply Suckitreddit 4 points 1 hour ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply shadowbanana 3 points 1 hour ago So it's a tax for non-compliance. permalink parent award report block reply
Suckitreddit 4 points 1 hour ago Yup permalink parent award report block reply shadowbanana 3 points 1 hour ago So it's a tax for non-compliance. permalink parent award report block reply
shadowbanana 3 points 1 hour ago So it's a tax for non-compliance. permalink parent award report block reply
HRpumpanddump 3 points 35 minutes ago Karens = Borderline Personality Disorder. permalink parent award report block reply
Rudy_DankMemer 8 points 58 minutes ago You go through the effort of sorting your trash and then they pick it up and throw it all in one dump. This is exactly how it really is. This is just another way to shake the taxpayers down. Seattle suburbs were inspecting trash in the 90's after they made recycling mandatory... fines started at $125 in Bellevue. One of my PT employees worked full time at Waste fucking Management - he told everyone he knew that it was all bullshit. I bet they don't do these inspections in the ghettos and barrios. Recycling is only racist, when white people DON'T do it. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 24 minutes ago Decades ago when mandatory recycling had only been around a short time, the NYT Sunday magazine had a long article detailing how retarded it was, factoring in a second set of trucks, separate sets of cans, sorting and there being no viable market to actually re use the materials.  They've known it's stupid since the beginning. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 24 minutes ago Decades ago when mandatory recycling had only been around a short time, the NYT Sunday magazine had a long article detailing how retarded it was, factoring in a second set of trucks, separate sets of cans, sorting and there being no viable market to actually re use the materials.  They've known it's stupid since the beginning. permalink parent award report block reply
PhilipeNegro 6 points 1 hour ago They’ve been doing this in Philadelphia for decades. The fine structure was passed before any plan was made to properly sort recyclables (still hasn’t), and they’ll happily slip a ticket through your mail slot for violating. To add, it used to cost $35 for a brittle plastic bin, which was always too small, had to be purchased in-person waaaay out in an area filled with junkyards (and dead bodies, too), and the lovely trash men would just chuck it over the row of parked cars onto the sidewalk. I think the longest one ever lasted was 8 months. Now we’re out in the boonies, and the recycling crew is three guys that sort your bin right in your driveway. permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 5 points 58 minutes ago Yup, I watch the recycling guys yeet the blue bin 10 feet every week until it’s completely cracked and useless. I shred everything including junk mail so that nothing with my name or address on it ends up in the trash whole. If I ever get that fine I’ll demand they prove it was my trash, which they can’t. Anyone can put trash in any curb. I doubt it’d repeal the ticket but always fight every ticket from the nanny state. permalink parent award report block reply Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 3 points 59 minutes ago Do they steal the aluminum cans? That was the first thing I wondered about when I saw that there are people scrounging around in people's trash! Lol. permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 5 points 58 minutes ago Yup, I watch the recycling guys yeet the blue bin 10 feet every week until it’s completely cracked and useless. I shred everything including junk mail so that nothing with my name or address on it ends up in the trash whole. If I ever get that fine I’ll demand they prove it was my trash, which they can’t. Anyone can put trash in any curb. I doubt it’d repeal the ticket but always fight every ticket from the nanny state. permalink parent award report block reply
Awan-CIA-Car-Lot 3 points 59 minutes ago Do they steal the aluminum cans? That was the first thing I wondered about when I saw that there are people scrounging around in people's trash! Lol. permalink parent award report block reply
Remember_the_Alamo 3 points 1 hour ago The precious BIPOCs or whatever they're called this week probably won't be bothered. permalink parent award report block reply
SickIcarus 25 points 1 hour ago Recycling is such a scam - just a bunch of virtue-signaling feel-good bullshit: “I’m doing my part!” It all goes to the same landfill. Recycleable materials used to be sold to China, then they decided they didn’t want them because it didn’t make financial sense. Want to really make recycling work? Have garbage sorted at the transfer station! They’re already set up for it, already staffed for it, and it would actually be effective. Did you know you can’t recycle pizza boxes? The cardboard is “contaminated” by the food waste stuck to the inside of the box. When I lived in California, they were talking about starting to fine you something like $5 for sorting and recycling “improperly.” Ok then, if tomato paste contaminates recyclables, then I put everything in the garbage can and poured a 25-cent can of tomato soup over the top - cheaper than the fine and they can’t complain. Fuck em. permalink award report block reply Suckitreddit 8 points 1 hour ago I like your problem solving style, pede. I like it! permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 4 points 57 minutes ago Modern problems. Modern solutions! permalink parent award report block reply DontTreadOnLego 5 points 53 minutes ago I like that idea; pour cheap icky stuff on the top so they can't go through it. permalink parent award report block reply XlDEN 4 points 48 minutes ago Yes. Go to any big company and they’ll have separate bins for garbage and recycling. Ask janitors at any of these companies and they will tell you it all goes into the same dumpster. The recycling is just to make the employees happy. It’s the same at any resort as well. It’s just to make the guests feel good and that their recycling has somehow environmentally balanced out whatever they did for entertainment. A lot of communities actually pay companies to haul away their recyclables. These companies then pay other companies to take it from them. It goes down the line like that until it winds up in places like Africa and India where it just gets dumped into the ocean. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 34 minutes ago There is actual money in some recycling but it's as you say done be a line of brokers essentially. They then store just aluminum, for instance, until the price is right and someone can process it at a profit. It's so inconsistent that it's nearly never worth it. permalink parent award report block reply SickIcarus 1 points 39 minutes ago My favorite is when the trash can has openings for trash and recycling, but only one garbage bag. permalink parent award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 29 minutes ago It all goes to the same landfill. Recycleable materials used to be sold to China, then they decided they didn’t want them because it didn’t make financial sense. I read an article on this a while back (don't have it available right now): China used to take the recycling for 'free' (there were empty shipping containers coming back anyhow, so it just went in them.) They eventually started charging the US for them to take it. Once they had a 'supply' line of their own built up of cardboard/plastic/glass/etc, then they said, "no thanks, we don't want it." permalink parent award report block reply SpellingContable 1 points 47 minutes ago Public trash cans are never sorted for recyclables. Straight to the dump for everything. These 'lid lifter' faggots should be fining themselves. permalink parent award report block reply load 3 more comments...
Suckitreddit 8 points 1 hour ago I like your problem solving style, pede. I like it! permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 4 points 57 minutes ago Modern problems. Modern solutions! permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 4 points 57 minutes ago Modern problems. Modern solutions! permalink parent award report block reply
DontTreadOnLego 5 points 53 minutes ago I like that idea; pour cheap icky stuff on the top so they can't go through it. permalink parent award report block reply
XlDEN 4 points 48 minutes ago Yes. Go to any big company and they’ll have separate bins for garbage and recycling. Ask janitors at any of these companies and they will tell you it all goes into the same dumpster. The recycling is just to make the employees happy. It’s the same at any resort as well. It’s just to make the guests feel good and that their recycling has somehow environmentally balanced out whatever they did for entertainment. A lot of communities actually pay companies to haul away their recyclables. These companies then pay other companies to take it from them. It goes down the line like that until it winds up in places like Africa and India where it just gets dumped into the ocean. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 2 points 34 minutes ago There is actual money in some recycling but it's as you say done be a line of brokers essentially. They then store just aluminum, for instance, until the price is right and someone can process it at a profit. It's so inconsistent that it's nearly never worth it. permalink parent award report block reply SickIcarus 1 points 39 minutes ago My favorite is when the trash can has openings for trash and recycling, but only one garbage bag. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 2 points 34 minutes ago There is actual money in some recycling but it's as you say done be a line of brokers essentially. They then store just aluminum, for instance, until the price is right and someone can process it at a profit. It's so inconsistent that it's nearly never worth it. permalink parent award report block reply
SickIcarus 1 points 39 minutes ago My favorite is when the trash can has openings for trash and recycling, but only one garbage bag. permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 29 minutes ago It all goes to the same landfill. Recycleable materials used to be sold to China, then they decided they didn’t want them because it didn’t make financial sense. I read an article on this a while back (don't have it available right now): China used to take the recycling for 'free' (there were empty shipping containers coming back anyhow, so it just went in them.) They eventually started charging the US for them to take it. Once they had a 'supply' line of their own built up of cardboard/plastic/glass/etc, then they said, "no thanks, we don't want it." permalink parent award report block reply
SpellingContable 1 points 47 minutes ago Public trash cans are never sorted for recyclables. Straight to the dump for everything. These 'lid lifter' faggots should be fining themselves. permalink parent award report block reply
TheMustacheBandit 12 points 1 hour ago I don't even bother sorting. Everything goes into trash until its full, then the rest will go into recycle.  It all goes to same place, they can sort it themselves if they want to. permalink award report block reply BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 28 minutes ago I sort it, only because I can get rid of it for free. I live in the country, so I don't get 'free' trash service....I bag up my trash and toss it into a local store's can. permalink parent award report block reply
BLMTrying2GetUrGuns 2 points 28 minutes ago I sort it, only because I can get rid of it for free. I live in the country, so I don't get 'free' trash service....I bag up my trash and toss it into a local store's can. permalink parent award report block reply
TheGunFairy 11 points 1 hour ago Jokes on them hobos already dig for cans because CA pays for them. permalink award report block reply Apersonofinterest 6 points 1 hour ago Our trash cans get sweeped at least 3 times a day. The early bums get the cans. permalink parent award report block reply
Apersonofinterest 6 points 1 hour ago Our trash cans get sweeped at least 3 times a day. The early bums get the cans. permalink parent award report block reply
Grindelwald 9 points 1 hour ago I have a wife for that, Oops, that did not sound right.  But she corrects my error in the kitchen.  So I have no liability. permalink award report block reply
Crappydatum 6 points 1 hour ago They literally have cameras on the trucks that can look at the recycling as it's being dumped. My son got a fine from Seattle refuse over a decade ago for something wrong in his recycle bin. Used the Ring camera to prove it was a neighbor putting the offending garbage in the recycle bin. Did Seattle refuse care? Oh hell no, fine stuck and he left that hellhole. Not even jobs at the big three (Google, Microsoft, Amazon) could keep him there. He makes 25% of what he used to and is 4 times happier now. permalink award report block reply
OutlawPurpleHairDye 6 points 1 hour ago No surprise that the same places emptying the prisons of actual criminals and shielding illegal invaders loves harassing the actual taxpaying citizens with stupid shit like this. permalink award report block reply
NOTWOKE 5 points 1 hour ago Rub shit on the container handles. permalink award report block reply FredRedd 2 points 1 hour ago THIS is the way! permalink parent award report block reply IBentMyWookie 1 points 55 minutes ago It’s Cali, I’m SURE some homeless fent fiend took care of that already. permalink parent award report block reply
FredRedd 2 points 1 hour ago THIS is the way! permalink parent award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 1 points 55 minutes ago It’s Cali, I’m SURE some homeless fent fiend took care of that already. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesSwingingCock 5 points 1 hour ago Just dump a mound of chicken shit in them. permalink award report block reply PhilipeNegro 5 points 1 hour ago Poop in it. Make them not want to come to work ever again. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 60 minutes ago If you're going to do that, go the extra mile and just shit on top of it. permalink parent award report block reply edxzxz 2 points 19 minutes ago Live raccoons and bungee the lid shut? permalink parent award report block reply
PhilipeNegro 5 points 1 hour ago Poop in it. Make them not want to come to work ever again. permalink parent award report block reply BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 60 minutes ago If you're going to do that, go the extra mile and just shit on top of it. permalink parent award report block reply
BigMikesSwingingCock 3 points 60 minutes ago If you're going to do that, go the extra mile and just shit on top of it. permalink parent award report block reply
edxzxz 2 points 19 minutes ago Live raccoons and bungee the lid shut? permalink parent award report block reply
SDsc0rch 4 points 1 hour ago "recycling is garbage" https://archive.is/N8h4b permalink award report block reply
CounterStrike OP 4 points 2 hours ago https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-15281479/san-diego-garbage-inspectors-recycling.html permalink award report block reply
Shitsbrokeyo 4 points 1 hour ago Recycling is already inefficient and now, they increase thru a salary for rediculousness. Also that's my trash until you pick it up to dump it. Trespassing. permalink award report block reply
FearGodTheAlmighty 4 points 1 hour ago Your tax dollars at work permalink award report block reply
pococurante 2 points 1 hour ago San Francisco must hire toilet inspectors to ensure people are shitting in them properly. It's the only solution to all of the shitting on the sidewalks. permalink award report block reply
Lol_Garrus 2 points 58 minutes ago "You're hiding plastic bottles in the trash can, aren't you?" permalink award report block reply
DeltaSierra 2 points 1 hour ago Not complicated.  Once it is in their bin it belongs to them.  Most places have an option to take it down to the trash dump yourself. permalink award report block reply Rudy_DankMemer 2 points 54 minutes ago Most places have an option to take it down to the trash dump yourself. Twenty-seven (27) states and the District of Columbia have at least one mandatory recycling requirement. https://www.nerc.org/disposal-bans-mandatory-recycling permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 45 minutes ago I am pretty sure my trash collectors would be much more upset at having trash thrown in the recycle bin than having recyclables thrown with the trash.  These guys don’t give a fuk about climate change. permalink parent award report block reply
Rudy_DankMemer 2 points 54 minutes ago Most places have an option to take it down to the trash dump yourself. Twenty-seven (27) states and the District of Columbia have at least one mandatory recycling requirement. https://www.nerc.org/disposal-bans-mandatory-recycling permalink parent award report block reply DeltaSierra 1 points 45 minutes ago I am pretty sure my trash collectors would be much more upset at having trash thrown in the recycle bin than having recyclables thrown with the trash.  These guys don’t give a fuk about climate change. permalink parent award report block reply
DeltaSierra 1 points 45 minutes ago I am pretty sure my trash collectors would be much more upset at having trash thrown in the recycle bin than having recyclables thrown with the trash.  These guys don’t give a fuk about climate change. permalink parent award report block reply
barwhack 2 points 1 hour ago Dead rats. permalink award report block reply
Goatboy66 2 points 1 hour ago All a Kickback SCAM. permalink award report block reply
IBentMyWookie 2 points 1 hour ago The biggest joke is that most of the recycling in programs ends up in a landfill or garage to China anyhow. They just want a reason to search and fine people into poverty. permalink award report block reply
cross_bearer_02 2 points 1 hour ago Nothing else better to do than rifle through someone's garbage, is it? permalink award report block reply FredRedd 2 points 1 hour ago And euthanizing pet squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply
FredRedd 2 points 1 hour ago And euthanizing pet squirrels. permalink parent award report block reply
nats1mom 2 points 1 hour ago Doing the same in Scottsdale, AZ!!!! They remove nonrecycling items and then throw the items on the ground in front of recycle bin. permalink award report block reply
PMSocks 2 points 1 hour ago My area required clear garbage bags so you could see inside ... I always thought 2 pints of ketchup and a baby doll could be entertaining in a bag. permalink award report block reply
Danofdestiny 2 points 1 hour ago Sacramento already does this. permalink award report block reply BoomShtick 1 points 59 minutes ago When did that start? permalink parent award report block reply Danofdestiny 1 points 25 minutes ago Sometime this year. I've had two friends who told me that they received written warnings from the city waste dept about separating their trash and putting it in the designated can with a printed guide. Supposedly all food waste is supposed to go in the yard waste can so if you don't have much of a yard, like myself, you can have rotting food in a can on the side of your house for weeks while the yard clippings slowly accumulate. I don't participate, but I haven't been warned yet either. permalink parent award report block reply
BoomShtick 1 points 59 minutes ago When did that start? permalink parent award report block reply Danofdestiny 1 points 25 minutes ago Sometime this year. I've had two friends who told me that they received written warnings from the city waste dept about separating their trash and putting it in the designated can with a printed guide. Supposedly all food waste is supposed to go in the yard waste can so if you don't have much of a yard, like myself, you can have rotting food in a can on the side of your house for weeks while the yard clippings slowly accumulate. I don't participate, but I haven't been warned yet either. permalink parent award report block reply
Danofdestiny 1 points 25 minutes ago Sometime this year. I've had two friends who told me that they received written warnings from the city waste dept about separating their trash and putting it in the designated can with a printed guide. Supposedly all food waste is supposed to go in the yard waste can so if you don't have much of a yard, like myself, you can have rotting food in a can on the side of your house for weeks while the yard clippings slowly accumulate. I don't participate, but I haven't been warned yet either. permalink parent award report block reply
mikejones 2 points 59 minutes ago I always thought recycling was a scam. I have never recycled and at work I toss shit straight into the trash as they only separate cardboard from everything else. I would never survive in a blue city. permalink award report block reply
Owmyballz 2 points 1 hour ago I'd break out the burn barrel before I'd submit to that shit. permalink award report block reply
Toddyoungsvagina 1 points 1 hour ago Well i guess I’d be taking a dump in the trash from now on permalink award report block reply
mateus 1 points 37 minutes ago More gestapo tactics from the greenies and the same people bitching about "authoritarianism." Put the trash out just as the trucks
are coming lol. permalink award report block reply
utfanx2 1 points 57 minutes ago They were just whining about unreasonable seach and seizure for illegal aliens. permalink award report block reply
TwoArizonaPedes 1 points 1 hour ago And if they determine you're not recycling "enough" what happens? permalink award report block reply
CovfefeVideo 1 points 22 seconds ago Follow them home.  Put recyclables in their trash.  Report them. permalink award report block reply
blueeyephoto 1 points 47 minutes ago Big Govt is watching you permalink award report block reply
IvIA6A 1 points 23 minutes ago Watch penn and teller bullshit episode on recycling. It's all a grift to enrich these city managers and these recycling companies. The only profitable thing that is recycled is aluminum cans, and all the new paper that is made is from specially grown forests for the wood pulp. We're not clear-cutting trees for any of that. It's a scam. On a sidenote, those recycling bins at the grocery store for plastic bags all get thrown away. permalink award report block reply
redditadminssuckit 1 points 45 minutes ago Keep the can on your property until the last minute permalink award report block reply
DingDongDitch 1 points 54 minutes ago H1-Bs dont give a fucccckkkk. Have fun in the Hindu hoods permalink award report block reply
QueensOwn 1 points 1 hour ago Uh, NYC has been doing this for a few years already. Think of it as the ultimate revenue generator for the socialist utopia. There are 4 separate bins. The latest is food waste. I don’t live there (my mother does) but it is IMPOSSIBLE to know and follow all the rules. These Sanitation “inspectors” are super aggressive and regularly issue fines. Now try getting an elderly old lady to follow these rules. The Sanitation GESTAPO are real. permalink award report block reply
BillyBillington 1 points 1 hour ago Gotta be sure all the plastic going to India is legit permalink award report block reply
GuerillaYourDreams 1 points 1 hour ago I'm not a bit surprised. I lived there from 2005-2007 and back then you would be FINED if you didn't recycle properly. Asshoes. permalink award report block reply
one_cool 1 points 44 minutes ago Seattle was doing this to make sure the garbage was "clean" of compostable organics.  F'd leftist neuroticism on full display. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 32 minutes ago They should have to pay you for your recycling. You're giving them resources for free. permalink award report block reply
Formerlurker92 1 points 1 hour ago I give it two months before one of these inspectors is caught applying for a credit card using someone else's id permalink award report block reply
hughjasske69 1 points 31 minutes ago TIME TO SHIT IN THE DUMPSTERS permalink award report block reply
JamesBond007 1 points 51 minutes ago Snakes. Snakes in all my trash. permalink award report block reply
IsrorOrca 1 points 30 minutes ago Self manufactured problems for CA - not my problem. permalink award report block reply
Koikatrose 1 points 1 hour ago So glad I don't live in that stupid state.
Next they will be inspecting your toilet flushes. permalink award report block reply
Hangmhigh 1 points 41 minutes ago Sawzall the recycling bin and put it in
the trash. permalink award report block reply
bagel_fragility 1 points 1 hour ago reminds me of a trailer park boys episode permalink award report block reply
2025WhatIsTrue 1 points 1 hour ago Typical woke LIB nitwittery.  What absolute worthless fools. permalink award report block reply
rebuildingMyself 1 points 40 minutes ago Yes please spend city funds on another way to Karen out at your neighbor all so the recycling bins contents can go to the same fucking dump as the other trash. permalink award report block reply
penguinjay1212 1 points 5 minutes ago Win win. They can now get warrants for actual productive people's homes over a junkie throwing something in their garbage. Beautiful! That junkie could even be the cop. If I had a garbage can, I discreetly get a cam on it asap. Might be matter of freedom. Wtf is this??? Such an intrusion. Everyone will just litter anything remotely sketchy waaaaay harder now. Opposite effect incoming. Just as intended. If these people are failing this hard on accident, well, one could hardly even suspend their disbelief. Everything the govt does is underhanded, bc a mf would wanna shoot em over the shit they do. Even the freedom loving non recycler or someone's crazy grandma who actually tries but cant get it right. They are gonna fine her? California is fucking evil. Retards x evil govt = this I'm sure my state will do the same in 15 years or so... permalink award report block reply
Shakakka99 1 points 4 minutes ago Showtime: Penn & Teller: Bullshit! • Season 2 S2 E5: Recycling FIND IT.  WATCH IT.  LAUGH YOUR ASS OFF. permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls 1 points 1 hour ago Violates illegal search and seizure permalink award report block reply
MJK1 1 points 39 minutes ago Our little bit of recycling isn't going to save the world anyway. permalink award report block reply
ckover9000 1 points 28 minutes ago They do this here in Va. $50 if they find a non-recyclable in your bin. $150 if they find it again. I just put everything recyclable in my regular trash and never touch the stupid recycle bin. Next they'll start going thru your regular trash slicing open bags to see if anything recyclable in there and fine you. permalink award report block reply
Hikedelics 2 points 4 minutes ago Lmfao Who wants to start putting glass bottles. aluminum cans, and fucking baby seals in some prominent assholes garbage cans? permalink award report block reply
NotYourMan 1 points 3 minutes ago Big government everywhere.  In San Jose, CA the city has people driving around looking for "upgrades" to single family homes to make sure they get the regulation fees and inspection fees.  California is a socialist society by city, county, state regulations. permalink award report block reply
Suckitreddit 1 points 1 hour ago They do this in Reno. Don’t know if there is a camera on the truck or what. If the can isn’t locked, how can you blame the resident? And…what a great way to spend money! Meanwhile the homeless are so neat and tidy. permalink award report block reply