1164 Data Republican: "And this is the origin story thread - how this started with the billionaire network of Soros, Koch, Ford, Rockefeller, and more, and how Charlie Kirk became an existential threat to them:" posted 3 days ago by MrUnderhill 44 comments award share report block DataRepublican (small r) @DataRepublican • 3d 🧵🚨 MAJOR BREAKING: International actors are involved in the State Department led color revolution 🚨🚨 This is not speculation; it’s straight from a recorded call. Ex-USAID employees describe how, before January 20, they moved internal groups off government systems and into
44 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Walked Away – Now We Know Why Read More Ads by Ad.Style MrUnderhill OP 49 points 3 days ago It's a long thread but worth it. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 33 points 3 days ago It is. Thx for posting. DataRepublcan is always on point. To bad the government isn't. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 28 points 3 days ago She's outstanding. She hasn't been researching this stuff for that long but has somehow come to almost all of the right conclusions and presents it brilliantly. I think she's one of our most potent weapons. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 10 points 3 days ago She and her family were doxed when she first started posting. She laid it all out and held the line. Fearless women. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 6 points 3 days ago She's a smart cookie. Proof that we conservatives usually have the smartest women. permalink parent award report block reply politicsaside 2 points 3 days ago Get her protection. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes -31 points 3 days ago Pretty much explains why PDW is in a big furor in its hurry to suck Xiden dick. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 16 points 3 days ago That makes zero sense. Show us a single regular user "sucking Xidems dick" as you put it........ permalink parent award report block reply MythArcana 37 points 3 days ago Great, we have the evidence, now to get an Attorney General. permalink award report block reply Viewer01 15 points 3 days ago Sadly, they’ve all fled the country to Israel. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 11 points 3 days ago I'm sorry it's racist to go after your moral betters while they plot to steal your sovereignty. At least that's what various NGOs say. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 7 points 3 days ago You called?    On it! — PB@DoJ.blonde permalink parent award report block reply DeadOverRed 26 points 3 days ago Treason. Hang them all. permalink award report block reply artifex_mundi_x 20 points 3 days ago This is the big kahuna. Get on it, Trump, or everything was in vain. permalink award report block reply DebbieinDallas 18 points 3 days ago So much corruption.  How does one even begin to fix it?  I fear the bad guys outnumber the good guys.  RICO RICO RICO permalink award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 12 points 3 days ago They do. It's why not a damn thing has been done and not a damn thing will be done. All these posts for years jam-packed with criminal evidence are meant to demoralize. They're basically rubbing their own shit in our faces. Not sure where you've been, but this has been going on for many years. Zero consequences should make it clear to anyone there is no fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 5 points 3 days ago Numbers aren't necessarily a determining factor. Historians have noted it only takes ~8% of a nations population to foment overwhelmingly successful revolution. The problem isn't that there is "too much" corruption the problem is that no one wants to do what is necessary to clean it out, either because they are actually benefiting from the corruption(communists/zionists) or because they don't want to cause the necessary mass damage for misplaced moral reasons(libertarians and boomer cons) permalink parent award report block reply corporateshizer 12 points 3 days ago For the twitter-free patriots: https://twitter-thread.com/t/1987550101703909532 permalink award report block reply onesummerdream 1 points 2 days ago …and the “Our Common Purpose” document mentioned in the thread: https://www.amacad.org/sites/default/files/publication/downloads/2020-Democratic-Citizenship_Our-Common-Purpose.pdf It’s all in there — the game plan to reinvent what they are calling our “Constitutional Democracy.” permalink parent award report block reply Sparkywalnutz 1 points 2 days ago Thank you! Much better. permalink parent award report block reply Hanging_Chad 12 points 3 days ago USAID is asshoe ActBlue, too permalink award report block reply War_Hamster 12 points 3 days ago WTF is a "long-time implementing partner"? Yeah, we know the answer to that question, but it's always a freakin pleasure to see them say the quiet part out loud. This is criminal activity. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 7 points 3 days ago A regular payola recipient permalink parent award report block reply 2016TrumpMAGA 10 points 3 days ago "Treason" is a term thrown around incorrectly on here to describe sedition. This is actual Treason. US government employees colluding with members of foreign governments against the President. permalink award report block reply _Sully_ 8 points 3 days ago Juicy. Thanks, pede. permalink award report block reply freedom-thinker 6 points 3 days ago "Grants and Contracts" It's all grift, corruption, evil. permalink award report block reply ACActual 6 points 3 days ago Ok.  Now what?  Without Accountability this means nothing.   I pray there are Patriots gathering names for after the fall.  Instant Justice permalink award report block reply duznmatter 5 points 3 days ago Money and the greed for it is the root of all evil and it seems that greed and evil is winning doesn't it? Like charging credit, you'll pay sooner or later. permalink award report block reply 1amS3lly 6 points 3 days ago I don’t think it’s money. It’s power and influence. Money is just a means to power and influence. All bad men lust for power. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 3 points 3 days ago Exactly.  It’s all about man’s insatiable need for control. permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply Dieselslacker 5 points 3 days ago Holy guacamole, that is insane. The weaponization of education, medical, food, and housing are complete. The weaponization of technology and the mind are well under way. Hard to fight a hidden enemy in every corner of the government permalink award report block reply terribletwos 3 points 3 days ago Everything needs a complete system redesign. You can tell how she talks that she doesn't feel bound by any ethics, systems, rules, and that they can act with impunity within government organizations. Just from her few words I can already tell what she thinks she's allowed to do versus what any current day business system wouldn't put up with. There's this assumption of cloak and dagger, no accountability to anything, and no transparency, not enough logging of data for people to look at their work and make decisions on. They're just doing whatever they want like kids in a candy shop. Maybe people assume that the government just works like this, but this is ridiculous in 2025. permalink award report block reply MasterChief08 3 points 3 days ago Then send in spec ops and Osama Bin Ladin them permalink award report block reply julianReyes 3 points 3 days ago Oh yeah, use SEAL Team Six and have them killed off covertly. Stellar suggestion. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 3 days ago It just takes 1-2 to send the message. Go target another country. permalink parent award report block reply AgnesDomini 3 points 3 days ago Public executions! FFS, ARREST PEOPLE! permalink award report block reply BitterRoots 3 points 3 days ago This country is fucked.  Nice idea, this republic was. Too bad it turned into failed idealism insufficient to withstand a commie takeover. permalink award report block reply TruthWillOut 1 points 3 days ago 🐸❤️🫡 permalink award report block reply Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 3 days ago See I really really REALLY like it when we use EVIDENCE to indict, try, and convict guilty persons rather then just hate an entire race or two. Id rather fix immigration then hate a race. Id rather recognize what is weaponized while enemies are feigning compassion. Guilty should be prosecuted or society will rupture. Simple as that. permalink award report block reply Deportthemall23 3 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply TheDarkEmperor 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply
MrUnderhill OP 49 points 3 days ago It's a long thread but worth it. permalink award report block reply FusionBlack 33 points 3 days ago It is. Thx for posting. DataRepublcan is always on point. To bad the government isn't. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 28 points 3 days ago She's outstanding. She hasn't been researching this stuff for that long but has somehow come to almost all of the right conclusions and presents it brilliantly. I think she's one of our most potent weapons. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 10 points 3 days ago She and her family were doxed when she first started posting. She laid it all out and held the line. Fearless women. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 6 points 3 days ago She's a smart cookie. Proof that we conservatives usually have the smartest women. permalink parent award report block reply politicsaside 2 points 3 days ago Get her protection. permalink parent award report block reply julianReyes -31 points 3 days ago Pretty much explains why PDW is in a big furor in its hurry to suck Xiden dick. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 16 points 3 days ago That makes zero sense. Show us a single regular user "sucking Xidems dick" as you put it........ permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 33 points 3 days ago It is. Thx for posting. DataRepublcan is always on point. To bad the government isn't. permalink parent award report block reply War_Hamster 28 points 3 days ago She's outstanding. She hasn't been researching this stuff for that long but has somehow come to almost all of the right conclusions and presents it brilliantly. I think she's one of our most potent weapons. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 10 points 3 days ago She and her family were doxed when she first started posting. She laid it all out and held the line. Fearless women. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 6 points 3 days ago She's a smart cookie. Proof that we conservatives usually have the smartest women. permalink parent award report block reply politicsaside 2 points 3 days ago Get her protection. permalink parent award report block reply
War_Hamster 28 points 3 days ago She's outstanding. She hasn't been researching this stuff for that long but has somehow come to almost all of the right conclusions and presents it brilliantly. I think she's one of our most potent weapons. permalink parent award report block reply FusionBlack 10 points 3 days ago She and her family were doxed when she first started posting. She laid it all out and held the line. Fearless women. permalink parent award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 6 points 3 days ago She's a smart cookie. Proof that we conservatives usually have the smartest women. permalink parent award report block reply politicsaside 2 points 3 days ago Get her protection. permalink parent award report block reply
FusionBlack 10 points 3 days ago She and her family were doxed when she first started posting. She laid it all out and held the line. Fearless women. permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 6 points 3 days ago She's a smart cookie. Proof that we conservatives usually have the smartest women. permalink parent award report block reply
politicsaside 2 points 3 days ago Get her protection. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes -31 points 3 days ago Pretty much explains why PDW is in a big furor in its hurry to suck Xiden dick. permalink parent award report block reply DickTick PRO 16 points 3 days ago That makes zero sense. Show us a single regular user "sucking Xidems dick" as you put it........ permalink parent award report block reply
DickTick PRO 16 points 3 days ago That makes zero sense. Show us a single regular user "sucking Xidems dick" as you put it........ permalink parent award report block reply
MythArcana 37 points 3 days ago Great, we have the evidence, now to get an Attorney General. permalink award report block reply Viewer01 15 points 3 days ago Sadly, they’ve all fled the country to Israel. permalink parent award report block reply _Sully_ 11 points 3 days ago I'm sorry it's racist to go after your moral betters while they plot to steal your sovereignty. At least that's what various NGOs say. permalink parent award report block reply Covefefe 7 points 3 days ago You called?    On it! — PB@DoJ.blonde permalink parent award report block reply
Viewer01 15 points 3 days ago Sadly, they’ve all fled the country to Israel. permalink parent award report block reply
_Sully_ 11 points 3 days ago I'm sorry it's racist to go after your moral betters while they plot to steal your sovereignty. At least that's what various NGOs say. permalink parent award report block reply
Covefefe 7 points 3 days ago You called?    On it! — PB@DoJ.blonde permalink parent award report block reply
DeadOverRed 26 points 3 days ago Treason. Hang them all. permalink award report block reply
artifex_mundi_x 20 points 3 days ago This is the big kahuna. Get on it, Trump, or everything was in vain. permalink award report block reply
DebbieinDallas 18 points 3 days ago So much corruption.  How does one even begin to fix it?  I fear the bad guys outnumber the good guys.  RICO RICO RICO permalink award report block reply ImYourHuckleberry24 12 points 3 days ago They do. It's why not a damn thing has been done and not a damn thing will be done. All these posts for years jam-packed with criminal evidence are meant to demoralize. They're basically rubbing their own shit in our faces. Not sure where you've been, but this has been going on for many years. Zero consequences should make it clear to anyone there is no fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 5 points 3 days ago Numbers aren't necessarily a determining factor. Historians have noted it only takes ~8% of a nations population to foment overwhelmingly successful revolution. The problem isn't that there is "too much" corruption the problem is that no one wants to do what is necessary to clean it out, either because they are actually benefiting from the corruption(communists/zionists) or because they don't want to cause the necessary mass damage for misplaced moral reasons(libertarians and boomer cons) permalink parent award report block reply
ImYourHuckleberry24 12 points 3 days ago They do. It's why not a damn thing has been done and not a damn thing will be done. All these posts for years jam-packed with criminal evidence are meant to demoralize. They're basically rubbing their own shit in our faces. Not sure where you've been, but this has been going on for many years. Zero consequences should make it clear to anyone there is no fixing it. permalink parent award report block reply Dangerous 5 points 3 days ago Numbers aren't necessarily a determining factor. Historians have noted it only takes ~8% of a nations population to foment overwhelmingly successful revolution. The problem isn't that there is "too much" corruption the problem is that no one wants to do what is necessary to clean it out, either because they are actually benefiting from the corruption(communists/zionists) or because they don't want to cause the necessary mass damage for misplaced moral reasons(libertarians and boomer cons) permalink parent award report block reply
Dangerous 5 points 3 days ago Numbers aren't necessarily a determining factor. Historians have noted it only takes ~8% of a nations population to foment overwhelmingly successful revolution. The problem isn't that there is "too much" corruption the problem is that no one wants to do what is necessary to clean it out, either because they are actually benefiting from the corruption(communists/zionists) or because they don't want to cause the necessary mass damage for misplaced moral reasons(libertarians and boomer cons) permalink parent award report block reply
corporateshizer 12 points 3 days ago For the twitter-free patriots: https://twitter-thread.com/t/1987550101703909532 permalink award report block reply onesummerdream 1 points 2 days ago …and the “Our Common Purpose” document mentioned in the thread: https://www.amacad.org/sites/default/files/publication/downloads/2020-Democratic-Citizenship_Our-Common-Purpose.pdf It’s all in there — the game plan to reinvent what they are calling our “Constitutional Democracy.” permalink parent award report block reply Sparkywalnutz 1 points 2 days ago Thank you! Much better. permalink parent award report block reply
onesummerdream 1 points 2 days ago …and the “Our Common Purpose” document mentioned in the thread: https://www.amacad.org/sites/default/files/publication/downloads/2020-Democratic-Citizenship_Our-Common-Purpose.pdf It’s all in there — the game plan to reinvent what they are calling our “Constitutional Democracy.” permalink parent award report block reply
Sparkywalnutz 1 points 2 days ago Thank you! Much better. permalink parent award report block reply
Hanging_Chad 12 points 3 days ago USAID is asshoe ActBlue, too permalink award report block reply
War_Hamster 12 points 3 days ago WTF is a "long-time implementing partner"? Yeah, we know the answer to that question, but it's always a freakin pleasure to see them say the quiet part out loud. This is criminal activity. permalink award report block reply The_Emperor 7 points 3 days ago A regular payola recipient permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 7 points 3 days ago A regular payola recipient permalink parent award report block reply
2016TrumpMAGA 10 points 3 days ago "Treason" is a term thrown around incorrectly on here to describe sedition. This is actual Treason. US government employees colluding with members of foreign governments against the President. permalink award report block reply
_Sully_ 8 points 3 days ago Juicy. Thanks, pede. permalink award report block reply
freedom-thinker 6 points 3 days ago "Grants and Contracts" It's all grift, corruption, evil. permalink award report block reply
ACActual 6 points 3 days ago Ok.  Now what?  Without Accountability this means nothing.   I pray there are Patriots gathering names for after the fall.  Instant Justice permalink award report block reply
duznmatter 5 points 3 days ago Money and the greed for it is the root of all evil and it seems that greed and evil is winning doesn't it? Like charging credit, you'll pay sooner or later. permalink award report block reply 1amS3lly 6 points 3 days ago I don’t think it’s money. It’s power and influence. Money is just a means to power and influence. All bad men lust for power. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 3 points 3 days ago Exactly.  It’s all about man’s insatiable need for control. permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply
1amS3lly 6 points 3 days ago I don’t think it’s money. It’s power and influence. Money is just a means to power and influence. All bad men lust for power. permalink parent award report block reply 10MeV 3 points 3 days ago Exactly.  It’s all about man’s insatiable need for control. permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply
10MeV 3 points 3 days ago Exactly.  It’s all about man’s insatiable need for control. permalink parent award report block reply
Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply
Skyes 1 points 3 days ago It’s both permalink parent award report block reply
Dieselslacker 5 points 3 days ago Holy guacamole, that is insane. The weaponization of education, medical, food, and housing are complete. The weaponization of technology and the mind are well under way. Hard to fight a hidden enemy in every corner of the government permalink award report block reply
terribletwos 3 points 3 days ago Everything needs a complete system redesign. You can tell how she talks that she doesn't feel bound by any ethics, systems, rules, and that they can act with impunity within government organizations. Just from her few words I can already tell what she thinks she's allowed to do versus what any current day business system wouldn't put up with. There's this assumption of cloak and dagger, no accountability to anything, and no transparency, not enough logging of data for people to look at their work and make decisions on. They're just doing whatever they want like kids in a candy shop. Maybe people assume that the government just works like this, but this is ridiculous in 2025. permalink award report block reply
MasterChief08 3 points 3 days ago Then send in spec ops and Osama Bin Ladin them permalink award report block reply julianReyes 3 points 3 days ago Oh yeah, use SEAL Team Six and have them killed off covertly. Stellar suggestion. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 3 days ago It just takes 1-2 to send the message. Go target another country. permalink parent award report block reply
julianReyes 3 points 3 days ago Oh yeah, use SEAL Team Six and have them killed off covertly. Stellar suggestion. permalink parent award report block reply MasterChief08 2 points 3 days ago It just takes 1-2 to send the message. Go target another country. permalink parent award report block reply
MasterChief08 2 points 3 days ago It just takes 1-2 to send the message. Go target another country. permalink parent award report block reply
AgnesDomini 3 points 3 days ago Public executions! FFS, ARREST PEOPLE! permalink award report block reply
BitterRoots 3 points 3 days ago This country is fucked.  Nice idea, this republic was. Too bad it turned into failed idealism insufficient to withstand a commie takeover. permalink award report block reply
TruthWillOut 1 points 3 days ago 🐸❤️🫡 permalink award report block reply
Mhmm2MoreWeeks 0 points 3 days ago See I really really REALLY like it when we use EVIDENCE to indict, try, and convict guilty persons rather then just hate an entire race or two. Id rather fix immigration then hate a race. Id rather recognize what is weaponized while enemies are feigning compassion. Guilty should be prosecuted or society will rupture. Simple as that. permalink award report block reply
Deportthemall23 3 points 3 days ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink award report block reply
TheDarkEmperor 1 points 3 days ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply