650 1. Trump isnt compelled by any law to "fully find SNAP" 2. Federal Judges cannot make orders on a sitting President. 3. Dont appeal, IGNORE and carry on posted 6 days ago by DingleBalls 42 comments award share report block Senator John Hickenlooper @SenatorHick • 6d Families and kids have been worried about their next meal while Trump wobbles on whether or not he’ll follow the law. The courts could not be more clear: The White House needs to fully fund SNAP for November. CNN @CNN • 6d A federal judge has ordered the Trump administration to make full SNAP payments for November https://t.co/tqgMQQNfLa
42 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Midsouth 36 points 6 days ago You know I saw a receipt from an EBT user who left it hanging at the cash register. It had a balance of 13K and a cash balance of about 8K.  I'm sick of hearing about people starving within 3 days of not receiving their next big chunk.  I don't care how many kids you got you're not using 13k a month on groceries! permalink award report block reply possibletower 13 points 6 days ago Is there a time limit for EBT/SNAP like the 5 year limit for welfare? Or is that a lifetime deal? permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 18 points 6 days ago Does not appear to be a limit. I watched an interview of a Mexican lady stating that she was going to starve and the TV broadcaster is explaining that she's been receiving EBT/snap for over 30 years!  This was supposed to be a sympathetic interview.  🤬🙄 permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 7 points 6 days ago WTF. These leeches are exactly why food prices are so fucking high! That and other shit costing so much due to illegals getting free healthcare thanks to Reagan's EMTALA Act and free K-12 education thanks to the SCOTUS' Plyler decision. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 3 points 6 days ago Obama got rid of that during his terms.  Now it is lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 5 days ago TANF, aka federal welfare, still has a 60 month lifetime limit. Anybody who gets more welfare past the 60 months is getting state welfare from the state govt with state taxdollars. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago That's right.  TANF was the cash welfare program.  What Obama did was lift the 3 month/3 year limit on food stamp benefits for ABAWDS citing the unemployment he created as the reason. permalink parent award report block reply kjj9 1 points 5 days ago That isn't per month, it is accumulated unused funding from previous months. permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 25 points 6 days ago The "law" is the funding bill passed by congress, which hasn't happened because democrats. Get the bill on his desk to sign. Or... Make a separate bill for SNAP. Easy peasy, no? It's not up to the president to fund things. Congress controls the purse strings. permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 7 points 6 days ago The court is LITERALLY asking Trump to violate one of the most fundamental pillars of the constitution, the separation of the executive branch and the national purse. If you allow those things to combine, you open the door for tyranny. This court is basically BEGGING Trump to become a dictator, or at least lay the foundation for one. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago This case is in regard to an emergency funding law that uses a contingency $3billion fund.  The discretion to withhold that contingency funding is the gist of the case as I understand it. permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, define "emergency" though. That might be judicial overreach. It's easier to  make a demand of the chief executive than the whole of the legislature. Sometimes this form of government sucks but it is the best so far. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago I agree.  They think they have the power to inject themselves into subjective Executive branch decision making yet they never order the Legislative branch to do anything. permalink parent award report block reply Spacewilluniteus 16 points 6 days ago It’s not about the funding, it’s about deflecting blame onto the Trump administration. These judges know it’s illegal to do this, and they have no legal basis for the ruling. They’re helping their political party score points and generate the needed headlines to shift the narrative. permalink award report block reply FueledByMemes 2 points 5 days ago 100% this is it!! permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 15 points 6 days ago I agree. He should ignore and NOT FUND SNAP. Fuck those retards. permalink award report block reply Taupkek 11 points 6 days ago Tell the judge to order five Dem Senators to vote in favor of the CR. Problem solved. permalink award report block reply DingleBalls OP 9 points 6 days ago SickenPooper is a dumb ass permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 3 points 6 days ago He's from Colorado, that's basically the only type we produce anymore permalink parent award report block reply Ladybug87 5 points 6 days ago He says that while repeatedly voting to keep the government shut, a hypocrite like the all the others. permalink award report block reply SaltiTaralli 5 points 6 days ago The judge should "order" Congress to do it. I heard they hold the purse. permalink award report block reply Txiribiton 3 points 5 days ago Why wasn't this judge removed for inciting unlawful unconstitutional acts. permalink award report block reply becomelions 3 points 5 days ago Yes! why are we still PRETENDING these are real judges. Trump needs to get rid of these judges by restructuring the courts. See "Judiciary Act of 1802". No need to impeach with 60% TLDR; restructure courts by dissolving the existing courts (and all judges) and forming new courts with new judges. Newt Gingrich's idea: https://gingrich360.com/2025/03/18/an-intolerable-judicial-dictatorship/ permalink award report block reply AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 6 days ago Fuck you, commie cocksucker. permalink award report block reply BrewSwillis 2 points 5 days ago Seems like the judge could just "order" Congress to pass a budget to fund SNAP then? Right? I mean, random judges are in charge of everything now. permalink award report block reply Beat_to_Quarters 2 points 5 days ago The supreme court is ruling whether the president has the authority to enforce tariffs, and a random federal judge is ruling that the president must fund a program during a shutdown that Congress is supposed to fund. Lol what a fucking joke permalink award report block reply WeaponizedSmirk 2 points 6 days ago The whole point of the judge doing this was to shift the blame onto Trump, as was always the plan. permalink award report block reply FueledByMemes 1 points 5 days ago Bingo!! permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 1 points 5 days ago You mean give credit to Trump. I'm fine with that. The EBT crowd never voted for Trump anyway and hate us. We should gladly take credit for denying the parasites their blood. permalink parent award report block reply T471 2 points 6 days ago Arrest the dems that won't vote to CR bill. permalink award report block reply RudeFrog 1 points 5 days ago If you cave you're gay permalink award report block reply A_Colostomy_Bag 1 points 6 days ago Does that mean another judge can order snap recipients to work for their handouts? permalink award report block reply richIsBored 1 points 6 days ago Federal judge? Dock his pay. permalink award report block reply fazaman 1 points 5 days ago Of course. This is just so the left can say "See? A judge ordered Trump to fund snap, but he still won't do it! Trump bad!" When we all know that he doesn't control that, and the "emergency fund" wouldn't fund it for more than a couple of weeks anyway, even if he's legally allowed to use it for that. permalink award report block reply Realassman 1 points 5 days ago Why don’t court orders to stop wars, famine, drought , global warming. permalink award report block reply RealmanPwns 1 points 6 days ago Partial payment is in. I got mine today. permalink award report block reply GentleSlayer 1 points 5 days ago A judge already blocked him from paying them. permalink award report block reply CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 5 days ago Stickinpooper is a retard. That is all. permalink award report block reply Trump2020or4eva 1 points 5 days ago I'm legit confused why these judges keep waking up and deciding to "make a ruling" on something in society as if they're fucking kings. Thats not how this works. We live in a banana republic. We are not voting ourselves out of this you fucking pussy as soft baby witches. Civil War 2.0 is the only end to this nightmare. permalink award report block reply Franklymydear 1 points 5 days ago But what does the Hawaiian judge say? permalink award report block reply Kilroy 1 points 5 days ago Republicans can end this today by voting to end the filibuster. I pray that God will  remove the rhino's and gift common sense to the idiots. permalink award report block reply
Midsouth 36 points 6 days ago You know I saw a receipt from an EBT user who left it hanging at the cash register. It had a balance of 13K and a cash balance of about 8K.  I'm sick of hearing about people starving within 3 days of not receiving their next big chunk.  I don't care how many kids you got you're not using 13k a month on groceries! permalink award report block reply possibletower 13 points 6 days ago Is there a time limit for EBT/SNAP like the 5 year limit for welfare? Or is that a lifetime deal? permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 18 points 6 days ago Does not appear to be a limit. I watched an interview of a Mexican lady stating that she was going to starve and the TV broadcaster is explaining that she's been receiving EBT/snap for over 30 years!  This was supposed to be a sympathetic interview.  🤬🙄 permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 7 points 6 days ago WTF. These leeches are exactly why food prices are so fucking high! That and other shit costing so much due to illegals getting free healthcare thanks to Reagan's EMTALA Act and free K-12 education thanks to the SCOTUS' Plyler decision. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 3 points 6 days ago Obama got rid of that during his terms.  Now it is lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 5 days ago TANF, aka federal welfare, still has a 60 month lifetime limit. Anybody who gets more welfare past the 60 months is getting state welfare from the state govt with state taxdollars. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago That's right.  TANF was the cash welfare program.  What Obama did was lift the 3 month/3 year limit on food stamp benefits for ABAWDS citing the unemployment he created as the reason. permalink parent award report block reply kjj9 1 points 5 days ago That isn't per month, it is accumulated unused funding from previous months. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 13 points 6 days ago Is there a time limit for EBT/SNAP like the 5 year limit for welfare? Or is that a lifetime deal? permalink parent award report block reply Midsouth 18 points 6 days ago Does not appear to be a limit. I watched an interview of a Mexican lady stating that she was going to starve and the TV broadcaster is explaining that she's been receiving EBT/snap for over 30 years!  This was supposed to be a sympathetic interview.  🤬🙄 permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 7 points 6 days ago WTF. These leeches are exactly why food prices are so fucking high! That and other shit costing so much due to illegals getting free healthcare thanks to Reagan's EMTALA Act and free K-12 education thanks to the SCOTUS' Plyler decision. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 3 points 6 days ago Obama got rid of that during his terms.  Now it is lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 5 days ago TANF, aka federal welfare, still has a 60 month lifetime limit. Anybody who gets more welfare past the 60 months is getting state welfare from the state govt with state taxdollars. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago That's right.  TANF was the cash welfare program.  What Obama did was lift the 3 month/3 year limit on food stamp benefits for ABAWDS citing the unemployment he created as the reason. permalink parent award report block reply
Midsouth 18 points 6 days ago Does not appear to be a limit. I watched an interview of a Mexican lady stating that she was going to starve and the TV broadcaster is explaining that she's been receiving EBT/snap for over 30 years!  This was supposed to be a sympathetic interview.  🤬🙄 permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 7 points 6 days ago WTF. These leeches are exactly why food prices are so fucking high! That and other shit costing so much due to illegals getting free healthcare thanks to Reagan's EMTALA Act and free K-12 education thanks to the SCOTUS' Plyler decision. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 7 points 6 days ago WTF. These leeches are exactly why food prices are so fucking high! That and other shit costing so much due to illegals getting free healthcare thanks to Reagan's EMTALA Act and free K-12 education thanks to the SCOTUS' Plyler decision. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 3 points 6 days ago Obama got rid of that during his terms.  Now it is lifetime. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower 1 points 5 days ago TANF, aka federal welfare, still has a 60 month lifetime limit. Anybody who gets more welfare past the 60 months is getting state welfare from the state govt with state taxdollars. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago That's right.  TANF was the cash welfare program.  What Obama did was lift the 3 month/3 year limit on food stamp benefits for ABAWDS citing the unemployment he created as the reason. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 1 points 5 days ago TANF, aka federal welfare, still has a 60 month lifetime limit. Anybody who gets more welfare past the 60 months is getting state welfare from the state govt with state taxdollars. permalink parent award report block reply Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago That's right.  TANF was the cash welfare program.  What Obama did was lift the 3 month/3 year limit on food stamp benefits for ABAWDS citing the unemployment he created as the reason. permalink parent award report block reply
Shih_Tabed 1 points 5 days ago That's right.  TANF was the cash welfare program.  What Obama did was lift the 3 month/3 year limit on food stamp benefits for ABAWDS citing the unemployment he created as the reason. permalink parent award report block reply
kjj9 1 points 5 days ago That isn't per month, it is accumulated unused funding from previous months. permalink parent award report block reply
punkalicious 25 points 6 days ago The "law" is the funding bill passed by congress, which hasn't happened because democrats. Get the bill on his desk to sign. Or... Make a separate bill for SNAP. Easy peasy, no? It's not up to the president to fund things. Congress controls the purse strings. permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 7 points 6 days ago The court is LITERALLY asking Trump to violate one of the most fundamental pillars of the constitution, the separation of the executive branch and the national purse. If you allow those things to combine, you open the door for tyranny. This court is basically BEGGING Trump to become a dictator, or at least lay the foundation for one. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago This case is in regard to an emergency funding law that uses a contingency $3billion fund.  The discretion to withhold that contingency funding is the gist of the case as I understand it. permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, define "emergency" though. That might be judicial overreach. It's easier to  make a demand of the chief executive than the whole of the legislature. Sometimes this form of government sucks but it is the best so far. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago I agree.  They think they have the power to inject themselves into subjective Executive branch decision making yet they never order the Legislative branch to do anything. permalink parent award report block reply
aaafirefly123 7 points 6 days ago The court is LITERALLY asking Trump to violate one of the most fundamental pillars of the constitution, the separation of the executive branch and the national purse. If you allow those things to combine, you open the door for tyranny. This court is basically BEGGING Trump to become a dictator, or at least lay the foundation for one. permalink parent award report block reply
auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago This case is in regard to an emergency funding law that uses a contingency $3billion fund.  The discretion to withhold that contingency funding is the gist of the case as I understand it. permalink parent award report block reply punkalicious 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, define "emergency" though. That might be judicial overreach. It's easier to  make a demand of the chief executive than the whole of the legislature. Sometimes this form of government sucks but it is the best so far. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago I agree.  They think they have the power to inject themselves into subjective Executive branch decision making yet they never order the Legislative branch to do anything. permalink parent award report block reply
punkalicious 3 points 5 days ago Yeah, define "emergency" though. That might be judicial overreach. It's easier to  make a demand of the chief executive than the whole of the legislature. Sometimes this form of government sucks but it is the best so far. permalink parent award report block reply auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago I agree.  They think they have the power to inject themselves into subjective Executive branch decision making yet they never order the Legislative branch to do anything. permalink parent award report block reply
auntjemima 1 points 5 days ago I agree.  They think they have the power to inject themselves into subjective Executive branch decision making yet they never order the Legislative branch to do anything. permalink parent award report block reply
Spacewilluniteus 16 points 6 days ago It’s not about the funding, it’s about deflecting blame onto the Trump administration. These judges know it’s illegal to do this, and they have no legal basis for the ruling. They’re helping their political party score points and generate the needed headlines to shift the narrative. permalink award report block reply FueledByMemes 2 points 5 days ago 100% this is it!! permalink parent award report block reply
FueledByMemes 2 points 5 days ago 100% this is it!! permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower 15 points 6 days ago I agree. He should ignore and NOT FUND SNAP. Fuck those retards. permalink award report block reply
Taupkek 11 points 6 days ago Tell the judge to order five Dem Senators to vote in favor of the CR. Problem solved. permalink award report block reply
DingleBalls OP 9 points 6 days ago SickenPooper is a dumb ass permalink award report block reply Formerlurker92 3 points 6 days ago He's from Colorado, that's basically the only type we produce anymore permalink parent award report block reply
Formerlurker92 3 points 6 days ago He's from Colorado, that's basically the only type we produce anymore permalink parent award report block reply
Ladybug87 5 points 6 days ago He says that while repeatedly voting to keep the government shut, a hypocrite like the all the others. permalink award report block reply
SaltiTaralli 5 points 6 days ago The judge should "order" Congress to do it. I heard they hold the purse. permalink award report block reply
Txiribiton 3 points 5 days ago Why wasn't this judge removed for inciting unlawful unconstitutional acts. permalink award report block reply
becomelions 3 points 5 days ago Yes! why are we still PRETENDING these are real judges. Trump needs to get rid of these judges by restructuring the courts. See "Judiciary Act of 1802". No need to impeach with 60% TLDR; restructure courts by dissolving the existing courts (and all judges) and forming new courts with new judges. Newt Gingrich's idea: https://gingrich360.com/2025/03/18/an-intolerable-judicial-dictatorship/ permalink award report block reply
AwShitHereWeGoAgain 3 points 6 days ago Fuck you, commie cocksucker. permalink award report block reply
BrewSwillis 2 points 5 days ago Seems like the judge could just "order" Congress to pass a budget to fund SNAP then? Right? I mean, random judges are in charge of everything now. permalink award report block reply
Beat_to_Quarters 2 points 5 days ago The supreme court is ruling whether the president has the authority to enforce tariffs, and a random federal judge is ruling that the president must fund a program during a shutdown that Congress is supposed to fund. Lol what a fucking joke permalink award report block reply
WeaponizedSmirk 2 points 6 days ago The whole point of the judge doing this was to shift the blame onto Trump, as was always the plan. permalink award report block reply FueledByMemes 1 points 5 days ago Bingo!! permalink parent award report block reply America1stAndOnly 1 points 5 days ago You mean give credit to Trump. I'm fine with that. The EBT crowd never voted for Trump anyway and hate us. We should gladly take credit for denying the parasites their blood. permalink parent award report block reply
FueledByMemes 1 points 5 days ago Bingo!! permalink parent award report block reply
America1stAndOnly 1 points 5 days ago You mean give credit to Trump. I'm fine with that. The EBT crowd never voted for Trump anyway and hate us. We should gladly take credit for denying the parasites their blood. permalink parent award report block reply
T471 2 points 6 days ago Arrest the dems that won't vote to CR bill. permalink award report block reply
RudeFrog 1 points 5 days ago If you cave you're gay permalink award report block reply
A_Colostomy_Bag 1 points 6 days ago Does that mean another judge can order snap recipients to work for their handouts? permalink award report block reply
richIsBored 1 points 6 days ago Federal judge? Dock his pay. permalink award report block reply
fazaman 1 points 5 days ago Of course. This is just so the left can say "See? A judge ordered Trump to fund snap, but he still won't do it! Trump bad!" When we all know that he doesn't control that, and the "emergency fund" wouldn't fund it for more than a couple of weeks anyway, even if he's legally allowed to use it for that. permalink award report block reply
Realassman 1 points 5 days ago Why don’t court orders to stop wars, famine, drought , global warming. permalink award report block reply
RealmanPwns 1 points 6 days ago Partial payment is in. I got mine today. permalink award report block reply
GentleSlayer 1 points 5 days ago A judge already blocked him from paying them. permalink award report block reply
CleanUpPhillyTrump24 1 points 5 days ago Stickinpooper is a retard. That is all. permalink award report block reply
Trump2020or4eva 1 points 5 days ago I'm legit confused why these judges keep waking up and deciding to "make a ruling" on something in society as if they're fucking kings. Thats not how this works. We live in a banana republic. We are not voting ourselves out of this you fucking pussy as soft baby witches. Civil War 2.0 is the only end to this nightmare. permalink award report block reply
Franklymydear 1 points 5 days ago But what does the Hawaiian judge say? permalink award report block reply
Kilroy 1 points 5 days ago Republicans can end this today by voting to end the filibuster. I pray that God will  remove the rhino's and gift common sense to the idiots. permalink award report block reply