221 CO2 is good for the environment and adding CO2 to the atmosphere should be rewarded and encouraged posted 1 day ago by RINO_fatigue 6 comments award share download report block
6 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save MoreGuns 7 points 1 day ago Facts, but the commie liberals will never admit it permalink award report block reply OldMule68 2 points 20 hours ago Back in the 90's they did a documentary on this very issue.  It's interesting to see what actual scientists at the time said. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep5ptrPN6ns permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue OP 3 points 20 hours ago Good link, thanks permalink parent award report block reply knappz 2 points 24 hours ago This is why I burn my trash rather than submit to the commie garbage can color coded dog whistle bullshit! permalink award report block reply Electricutie 1 points 1 day ago We need more fossil fuels and more climate change. Both are massive net positives for the world. Climate change isn't just normal but good, far more people die from cold than heat, even in places like India. Warming isn't uniform, but concentrated in the coldest areas and coldest times. CO2 has a diminishing greenhouse effect, i.e. every molecule of CO2 we emit has less environmental impact than the last. More CO2 means fewer cold deaths, more crop growth, more farmable land, and more fossil fuel use means fewer climate deaths, more climate control, more productivity, more industry, more innovation. We are nowhere near 'running out' of fossil fuels, and the next step up is nuclear, which is even more abundant. Billions of people live on less electricity per year than the average US refrigerator uses. Millions still burn wood and even animal dung for heat and cooking. Fossil fuels can directly improve their lives and their nations. Lefties trying to stop fossil fuel use globally is the epitome of climbing up a rope to safety and cutting off everyone below you. Highly, highly recommend the book "Fossil Future" for a detailed breakdown of the above and more! Encouraging more fossil fuel use is the best way to stem the flow of millions into the west. Fossil fuel use is how they can quickly and efficiently improve the areas in which they currently live. Pushing the climate change propaganda guarantees globohomos a steady stream of 3rd world slave labour and demographic replacement. permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue OP 4 points 1 day ago There is no evidence that adding CO2 to the atmosphere causes global warming, in fact all the evidence shows that it does not. For example Mars has over 3000% more atmospheric CO2 per unit surface area and Mars has no measurable "greenhouse effect".  If CO2 caused a "greenhouse effect" of the magnitude the global warming shills claim then Mars would have a massive one.  "Greenhouse effect" is in quotes because greenhouses function by restricting convective cooling using a rigid barrier, which is an effect that no free floating gas can possibly reproduce. permalink parent award report block reply
MoreGuns 7 points 1 day ago Facts, but the commie liberals will never admit it permalink award report block reply
OldMule68 2 points 20 hours ago Back in the 90's they did a documentary on this very issue.  It's interesting to see what actual scientists at the time said. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep5ptrPN6ns permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue OP 3 points 20 hours ago Good link, thanks permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue OP 3 points 20 hours ago Good link, thanks permalink parent award report block reply
knappz 2 points 24 hours ago This is why I burn my trash rather than submit to the commie garbage can color coded dog whistle bullshit! permalink award report block reply
Electricutie 1 points 1 day ago We need more fossil fuels and more climate change. Both are massive net positives for the world. Climate change isn't just normal but good, far more people die from cold than heat, even in places like India. Warming isn't uniform, but concentrated in the coldest areas and coldest times. CO2 has a diminishing greenhouse effect, i.e. every molecule of CO2 we emit has less environmental impact than the last. More CO2 means fewer cold deaths, more crop growth, more farmable land, and more fossil fuel use means fewer climate deaths, more climate control, more productivity, more industry, more innovation. We are nowhere near 'running out' of fossil fuels, and the next step up is nuclear, which is even more abundant. Billions of people live on less electricity per year than the average US refrigerator uses. Millions still burn wood and even animal dung for heat and cooking. Fossil fuels can directly improve their lives and their nations. Lefties trying to stop fossil fuel use globally is the epitome of climbing up a rope to safety and cutting off everyone below you. Highly, highly recommend the book "Fossil Future" for a detailed breakdown of the above and more! Encouraging more fossil fuel use is the best way to stem the flow of millions into the west. Fossil fuel use is how they can quickly and efficiently improve the areas in which they currently live. Pushing the climate change propaganda guarantees globohomos a steady stream of 3rd world slave labour and demographic replacement. permalink award report block reply RINO_fatigue OP 4 points 1 day ago There is no evidence that adding CO2 to the atmosphere causes global warming, in fact all the evidence shows that it does not. For example Mars has over 3000% more atmospheric CO2 per unit surface area and Mars has no measurable "greenhouse effect".  If CO2 caused a "greenhouse effect" of the magnitude the global warming shills claim then Mars would have a massive one.  "Greenhouse effect" is in quotes because greenhouses function by restricting convective cooling using a rigid barrier, which is an effect that no free floating gas can possibly reproduce. permalink parent award report block reply
RINO_fatigue OP 4 points 1 day ago There is no evidence that adding CO2 to the atmosphere causes global warming, in fact all the evidence shows that it does not. For example Mars has over 3000% more atmospheric CO2 per unit surface area and Mars has no measurable "greenhouse effect".  If CO2 caused a "greenhouse effect" of the magnitude the global warming shills claim then Mars would have a massive one.  "Greenhouse effect" is in quotes because greenhouses function by restricting convective cooling using a rigid barrier, which is an effect that no free floating gas can possibly reproduce. permalink parent award report block reply