169 Always will be posted 3 hours ago by wst4 7 comments award share download report block
7 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Elon Reveals the Real Reason He Walks Away From Trump Read More Ads by Ad.Style AlwaysTrumper2020 6 points 2 hours ago According to Merriam-Webster, a phobia is an "exaggerated and often disabling fear" of a specific object, situation, or activity that is usually irrational and persistent<< Nothing said here about Islam is exaggerated or Irrational.  Hence, you are NOT an Islamophobe.  You are a RATIONAL human being..... permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 4 points 48 minutes ago It's also not a fear. The whole phobe thing is more 1984 doubletalk. If I don't eat broccoli, i'm not a brocco-phobe. I saw it, I tasted it and I don't like it. permalink parent award report block reply Darkpoisonousshaddow 3 points 3 hours ago Proud antisemite here. permalink award report block reply Luvs_2_Bop 3 points 2 hours ago And homophobe! permalink parent award report block reply realPixelDust 2 points 2 hours ago Hang on a minute now, I am too, however, this list, it has some things that are alright in it, too. permalink award report block reply PillarOfWisdom 0 points 11 minutes ago Never forget that the goblin-Americans brought them here. permalink award report block reply BigGunky 0 points 29 minutes ago Homophobia, misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, praying for the destruction of Israel, funding terror groups (anti-commie death squads), wife beating (per the Bible), and protecting OUR pedos (Epstein who??) are pretty central tenets of MAGA. permalink award report block reply
AlwaysTrumper2020 6 points 2 hours ago According to Merriam-Webster, a phobia is an "exaggerated and often disabling fear" of a specific object, situation, or activity that is usually irrational and persistent<< Nothing said here about Islam is exaggerated or Irrational.  Hence, you are NOT an Islamophobe.  You are a RATIONAL human being..... permalink award report block reply CocaineNewsome 4 points 48 minutes ago It's also not a fear. The whole phobe thing is more 1984 doubletalk. If I don't eat broccoli, i'm not a brocco-phobe. I saw it, I tasted it and I don't like it. permalink parent award report block reply
CocaineNewsome 4 points 48 minutes ago It's also not a fear. The whole phobe thing is more 1984 doubletalk. If I don't eat broccoli, i'm not a brocco-phobe. I saw it, I tasted it and I don't like it. permalink parent award report block reply
Darkpoisonousshaddow 3 points 3 hours ago Proud antisemite here. permalink award report block reply Luvs_2_Bop 3 points 2 hours ago And homophobe! permalink parent award report block reply
Luvs_2_Bop 3 points 2 hours ago And homophobe! permalink parent award report block reply
realPixelDust 2 points 2 hours ago Hang on a minute now, I am too, however, this list, it has some things that are alright in it, too. permalink award report block reply
PillarOfWisdom 0 points 11 minutes ago Never forget that the goblin-Americans brought them here. permalink award report block reply
BigGunky 0 points 29 minutes ago Homophobia, misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, praying for the destruction of Israel, funding terror groups (anti-commie death squads), wife beating (per the Bible), and protecting OUR pedos (Epstein who??) are pretty central tenets of MAGA. permalink award report block reply