609 "No other issue matters more than immigration. Youre not going to convince welfare queens, refugees, and people who barely speak English that "personal liberty" and "small government" are good things. Ever. They dont give a shit." posted 6 days ago by bleeje 16 comments award share report block Alex Rosen @iFightForKids • 8d No other issue matters more than immigration. Youre not going to convince welfare queens, refugees, and people who barely speak English that "personal liberty" and "small government" are good things. Ever. They dont give a shit.
16 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save cyberrigger 13 points 6 days ago IMO --- having sound money trumps everything. The government should not be able to print and give away fiat currency. permalink award report block reply Magma_Biscuit 11 points 6 days ago Removing government funding from healthcare, welfare , and schools would be a very good start. permalink award report block reply FactsOverFeelings 8 points 6 days ago Will sadly never happen.  republiCAN’Ts won’t even nuke the senate filibuster and ram through the Trump agenda. Guess we will have to fight this out a different way. permalink parent award report block reply Krat 5 points 6 days ago This permalink award report block reply MegoThor 3 points 6 days ago They do give a shit. They know smaller government means fewer gibs. permalink award report block reply FactsOverFeelings 3 points 6 days ago How does Alex feel about Israel First? permalink award report block reply BusterHyman99 2 points 6 days ago Assimilation is my only issue for 2026 and beyond. If you can't speak English GTFO permalink award report block reply magnokor 2 points 6 days ago If there is no mass legal immigration, there are no terror attacks or election fraud or childcare fraud or crime waves or traffic jams or Democrats in power. There are no good foreign heathen blocs to allow in. None. Sure, some who escape somewhere evil will be grateful, but their anchor babies and then their children will not. Every country in the West with mass legal immigration is dead, but 'boiling frog' and the corrupt media make it that few realize. The USA, and Canada, loses the equivalent of a major city to foreigners every year.  If this was a louder war, with the planes and the bridgelayers and the cluster munitions, more people would notice. No other issue matters more than immigration No other issue matters more than replacement. permalink award report block reply GarudaDarkblack 1 points 6 days ago Repeal the 19th then watch the nation heal itself. permalink award report block reply Scot 1 points 6 days ago Voter fraud matters more. We have to stop the voter fraud, which will remove democrats from power, before we can stop any of the other evils they commit. permalink award report block reply Krat 3 points 6 days ago Suppose voter fraud is magically fixed... you still have hundreds of millions that have no consequences for passing looting laws against you and making no whites allowed societies... permalink parent award report block reply Scot 2 points 6 days ago You have to stop the bleeding before you can treat the wound. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 6 days ago Treat the cause not the symptom. Ya 👍 take out voter fraud and everything can fall into place permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 6 days ago We can solve muktiple things at once but not with 0 arrests permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments... cook_does 1 points 6 days ago Then don’t let them vote. Problem solved permalink award report block reply
cyberrigger 13 points 6 days ago IMO --- having sound money trumps everything. The government should not be able to print and give away fiat currency. permalink award report block reply
Magma_Biscuit 11 points 6 days ago Removing government funding from healthcare, welfare , and schools would be a very good start. permalink award report block reply FactsOverFeelings 8 points 6 days ago Will sadly never happen.  republiCAN’Ts won’t even nuke the senate filibuster and ram through the Trump agenda. Guess we will have to fight this out a different way. permalink parent award report block reply
FactsOverFeelings 8 points 6 days ago Will sadly never happen.  republiCAN’Ts won’t even nuke the senate filibuster and ram through the Trump agenda. Guess we will have to fight this out a different way. permalink parent award report block reply
Krat 5 points 6 days ago This permalink award report block reply
MegoThor 3 points 6 days ago They do give a shit. They know smaller government means fewer gibs. permalink award report block reply
FactsOverFeelings 3 points 6 days ago How does Alex feel about Israel First? permalink award report block reply
BusterHyman99 2 points 6 days ago Assimilation is my only issue for 2026 and beyond. If you can't speak English GTFO permalink award report block reply
magnokor 2 points 6 days ago If there is no mass legal immigration, there are no terror attacks or election fraud or childcare fraud or crime waves or traffic jams or Democrats in power. There are no good foreign heathen blocs to allow in. None. Sure, some who escape somewhere evil will be grateful, but their anchor babies and then their children will not. Every country in the West with mass legal immigration is dead, but 'boiling frog' and the corrupt media make it that few realize. The USA, and Canada, loses the equivalent of a major city to foreigners every year.  If this was a louder war, with the planes and the bridgelayers and the cluster munitions, more people would notice. No other issue matters more than immigration No other issue matters more than replacement. permalink award report block reply
GarudaDarkblack 1 points 6 days ago Repeal the 19th then watch the nation heal itself. permalink award report block reply
Scot 1 points 6 days ago Voter fraud matters more. We have to stop the voter fraud, which will remove democrats from power, before we can stop any of the other evils they commit. permalink award report block reply Krat 3 points 6 days ago Suppose voter fraud is magically fixed... you still have hundreds of millions that have no consequences for passing looting laws against you and making no whites allowed societies... permalink parent award report block reply Scot 2 points 6 days ago You have to stop the bleeding before you can treat the wound. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 6 days ago Treat the cause not the symptom. Ya 👍 take out voter fraud and everything can fall into place permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 6 days ago We can solve muktiple things at once but not with 0 arrests permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Krat 3 points 6 days ago Suppose voter fraud is magically fixed... you still have hundreds of millions that have no consequences for passing looting laws against you and making no whites allowed societies... permalink parent award report block reply Scot 2 points 6 days ago You have to stop the bleeding before you can treat the wound. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 6 days ago Treat the cause not the symptom. Ya 👍 take out voter fraud and everything can fall into place permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 6 days ago We can solve muktiple things at once but not with 0 arrests permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Scot 2 points 6 days ago You have to stop the bleeding before you can treat the wound. permalink parent award report block reply MR__K 1 points 6 days ago Treat the cause not the symptom. Ya 👍 take out voter fraud and everything can fall into place permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 6 days ago We can solve muktiple things at once but not with 0 arrests permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
MR__K 1 points 6 days ago Treat the cause not the symptom. Ya 👍 take out voter fraud and everything can fall into place permalink parent award report block reply Krat 2 points 6 days ago We can solve muktiple things at once but not with 0 arrests permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
Krat 2 points 6 days ago We can solve muktiple things at once but not with 0 arrests permalink parent award report block reply view 1 more comments...
cook_does 1 points 6 days ago Then don’t let them vote. Problem solved permalink award report block reply