632 Bringing foreigners into America is worse than shooting a man on Fifth Avenue.  We need to deport them all.  Housing crisis?  Deport.  You do not even have to build a single home.  We do not want Chinese students.  We do not want H-1b.  We do not want invaders.  We do not want 50 yr mortgages. DEPORT posted 7 hours ago by RadicalCovfefe 28 comments award share report block .
28 comments Sort by Top Top New Worst Old Save Trooph-Hurts 38 points 7 hours ago There are 125 million foreigners in this country….. 50,000,000 hold visas,,, 25 million visa overstay criminals,,, And another 50 million are illegally here with no visa and no invitation!……… The reason why your kids can’t get into college is because of this, The reason why our kids can’t buy a home is because of this, The reason why it’s difficult to get a job because of this,,,, then you add the economic structures that are designed to promote foreigners against Americans, Like, Like housing loans, Like access to medical care supporting all of these millions of people that don’t belong here, The school systems that our kids have to go to and never get educated because there’s too many foreigners, Quotas and DEI…… Tax benefits for foreign owned businesses,….. It’s not just that they’re here. It’s that they’re treated so much better and how we are treated so unfairly.! ….. i’m sick of the system, ignoring the problem, and this includes Trump permalink award report block reply mohel 9 points 3 hours ago This is cancer. And like an advanced stage cancer, it has grown so big it prevents the rest of healthy cells from functioning. The patient will be dead soon unless they undergo a treatment. permalink parent award report block reply SutopSutolf 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, we already dead. permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 4 points 5 hours ago 100% permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 0 points 2 hours ago This is true!  Giving the successful companies and jobs of the boomers to foreigners is such a democrat strategy but we see republicans supporting this too.  Start charging a 20% of salary fee per year for each H1B-visa worker and use that money to fund US citizens getting graduate level degrees from US universities. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 1 hour ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply That_Which_Lurks 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply Trump454748 25 points 7 hours ago 100%. It has been stated before that there is absolutely no downside to getting rid of 50 to 100 million people that don’t actually belong here. permalink award report block reply -Evspra 11 points 6 hours ago hey man, if it makes you feel any better, kristi noem just bragged about how more foreigners are becoming citizens than before! yay!!! https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nNhea/now--dhs-secretary-noem-on-h1bs-/c permalink award report block reply Truthisunpopular 8 points 5 hours ago Sorry, you're going to have to settle for endless hordes of foreigners that will never assimilate taking all of the best jobs while importing their entire bloodline because trump thinks Americans are too stupid, worthless and incompetent to do any job in the country, from farm labor to engineering. It's a really great strategy that will keep MAGA united now and going forward after he's out of office because we're all sure to show up to vote for more of this! WINNING!! permalink award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply tholinz 5 points 6 hours ago So don't sit here and whine online. Call the White House. Call your congressman. Show up if there's a town hall in your area. Protest. Do something in meat space. permalink award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 5 points 6 hours ago Calling automated systems does little, IMO. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 3 points 5 hours ago He said meat space permalink parent award report block reply IAmRetard 4 points 6 hours ago This permalink award report block reply VaporJet11 2 points 5 hours ago Well said and true for most Americans feel the same. Keep bringing them in to keep wages low and keep stagnating the standard of living for Americans in the richest Country in the World. permalink award report block reply JerryNadlerBeltFund 2 points 5 hours ago We may not have to build a single home, but we'll need to do some fumigating, sanitizing and repiair. permalink award report block reply friarfox 2 points 5 hours ago Best I can do is a MAGA hat. permalink award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 2 points 2 hours ago And sombrero hat memes. permalink parent award report block reply greatpumpkin 1 points 1 hour ago Keep talking. You're on the right track, don't stop now. permalink award report block reply apathy_meh 1 points 30 minutes ago Afuera to all permalink award report block reply aaafirefly123 1 points 1 hour ago I think the issue is that these policies Trump is advancing would have been wonderful… back in 2017. If it was back in 2017, then everything he is doing: reforming H1B, deporting only illegals, and only arresting a few perps would have been fine. But the problem is that it isn’t 2017. It’s 2025 and we just got out of the most corrupt and evil administration in American history. An administration that flooded the country with illegal aliens, gave out a record number of H1Bs, and staffed the government with the wokest and most corrupt people in America. Trump fails to realize that after all that, the people don’t want to reform H1B, they want to end it, they don’t want to just deport illegals, but to actively end all immigration. Trump has stayed pretty consistent, he wants to reform the existing order, not uproot it entirely. But his base has gone further right and now wants radical reforms, and if we don’t get it, then we want revolution. permalink award report block reply possibletower -1 points 1 hour ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink award report block reply BonginosRac1stCowboy 3 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply RadicalCovfefe OP 6 points 7 hours ago And i dont want a damn check from the government. permalink parent award report block reply RadicalCovfefe OP 2 points 7 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
Trooph-Hurts 38 points 7 hours ago There are 125 million foreigners in this country….. 50,000,000 hold visas,,, 25 million visa overstay criminals,,, And another 50 million are illegally here with no visa and no invitation!……… The reason why your kids can’t get into college is because of this, The reason why our kids can’t buy a home is because of this, The reason why it’s difficult to get a job because of this,,,, then you add the economic structures that are designed to promote foreigners against Americans, Like, Like housing loans, Like access to medical care supporting all of these millions of people that don’t belong here, The school systems that our kids have to go to and never get educated because there’s too many foreigners, Quotas and DEI…… Tax benefits for foreign owned businesses,….. It’s not just that they’re here. It’s that they’re treated so much better and how we are treated so unfairly.! ….. i’m sick of the system, ignoring the problem, and this includes Trump permalink award report block reply mohel 9 points 3 hours ago This is cancer. And like an advanced stage cancer, it has grown so big it prevents the rest of healthy cells from functioning. The patient will be dead soon unless they undergo a treatment. permalink parent award report block reply SutopSutolf 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, we already dead. permalink parent award report block reply UltraMagaWA 4 points 5 hours ago 100% permalink parent award report block reply NotYourMan 0 points 2 hours ago This is true!  Giving the successful companies and jobs of the boomers to foreigners is such a democrat strategy but we see republicans supporting this too.  Start charging a 20% of salary fee per year for each H1B-visa worker and use that money to fund US citizens getting graduate level degrees from US universities. permalink parent award report block reply possibletower -1 points 1 hour ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply That_Which_Lurks 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
mohel 9 points 3 hours ago This is cancer. And like an advanced stage cancer, it has grown so big it prevents the rest of healthy cells from functioning. The patient will be dead soon unless they undergo a treatment. permalink parent award report block reply SutopSutolf 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, we already dead. permalink parent award report block reply
SutopSutolf 1 points 1 hour ago Nah, we already dead. permalink parent award report block reply
UltraMagaWA 4 points 5 hours ago 100% permalink parent award report block reply
NotYourMan 0 points 2 hours ago This is true!  Giving the successful companies and jobs of the boomers to foreigners is such a democrat strategy but we see republicans supporting this too.  Start charging a 20% of salary fee per year for each H1B-visa worker and use that money to fund US citizens getting graduate level degrees from US universities. permalink parent award report block reply
possibletower -1 points 1 hour ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink parent award report block reply
That_Which_Lurks 1 points 3 hours ago Comment removed by community filter. permalink parent award report block reply
Trump454748 25 points 7 hours ago 100%. It has been stated before that there is absolutely no downside to getting rid of 50 to 100 million people that don’t actually belong here. permalink award report block reply
-Evspra 11 points 6 hours ago hey man, if it makes you feel any better, kristi noem just bragged about how more foreigners are becoming citizens than before! yay!!! https://patriots.win/p/1ARK9nNhea/now--dhs-secretary-noem-on-h1bs-/c permalink award report block reply
Truthisunpopular 8 points 5 hours ago Sorry, you're going to have to settle for endless hordes of foreigners that will never assimilate taking all of the best jobs while importing their entire bloodline because trump thinks Americans are too stupid, worthless and incompetent to do any job in the country, from farm labor to engineering. It's a really great strategy that will keep MAGA united now and going forward after he's out of office because we're all sure to show up to vote for more of this! WINNING!! permalink award report block reply TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
TrumpPl4yedU 1 points 5 hours ago Comment removed upon the user being banned. permalink parent award report block reply
tholinz 5 points 6 hours ago So don't sit here and whine online. Call the White House. Call your congressman. Show up if there's a town hall in your area. Protest. Do something in meat space. permalink award report block reply glow-operator-2-0 5 points 6 hours ago Calling automated systems does little, IMO. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 3 points 5 hours ago He said meat space permalink parent award report block reply
glow-operator-2-0 5 points 6 hours ago Calling automated systems does little, IMO. permalink parent award report block reply The_Emperor 3 points 5 hours ago He said meat space permalink parent award report block reply
The_Emperor 3 points 5 hours ago He said meat space permalink parent award report block reply
IAmRetard 4 points 6 hours ago This permalink award report block reply
VaporJet11 2 points 5 hours ago Well said and true for most Americans feel the same. Keep bringing them in to keep wages low and keep stagnating the standard of living for Americans in the richest Country in the World. permalink award report block reply
JerryNadlerBeltFund 2 points 5 hours ago We may not have to build a single home, but we'll need to do some fumigating, sanitizing and repiair. permalink award report block reply
friarfox 2 points 5 hours ago Best I can do is a MAGA hat. permalink award report block reply MoldyLocksNesMonste 2 points 2 hours ago And sombrero hat memes. permalink parent award report block reply
MoldyLocksNesMonste 2 points 2 hours ago And sombrero hat memes. permalink parent award report block reply
greatpumpkin 1 points 1 hour ago Keep talking. You're on the right track, don't stop now. permalink award report block reply
apathy_meh 1 points 30 minutes ago Afuera to all permalink award report block reply
aaafirefly123 1 points 1 hour ago I think the issue is that these policies Trump is advancing would have been wonderful… back in 2017. If it was back in 2017, then everything he is doing: reforming H1B, deporting only illegals, and only arresting a few perps would have been fine. But the problem is that it isn’t 2017. It’s 2025 and we just got out of the most corrupt and evil administration in American history. An administration that flooded the country with illegal aliens, gave out a record number of H1Bs, and staffed the government with the wokest and most corrupt people in America. Trump fails to realize that after all that, the people don’t want to reform H1B, they want to end it, they don’t want to just deport illegals, but to actively end all immigration. Trump has stayed pretty consistent, he wants to reform the existing order, not uproot it entirely. But his base has gone further right and now wants radical reforms, and if we don’t get it, then we want revolution. permalink award report block reply
possibletower -1 points 1 hour ago Ron DeFaggot will never be your POTUS permalink award report block reply
BonginosRac1stCowboy 3 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink award report block reply RadicalCovfefe OP 6 points 7 hours ago And i dont want a damn check from the government. permalink parent award report block reply RadicalCovfefe OP 2 points 7 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply
RadicalCovfefe OP 6 points 7 hours ago And i dont want a damn check from the government. permalink parent award report block reply
RadicalCovfefe OP 2 points 7 hours ago Amen permalink parent award report block reply
Be_The_Change 1 points 7 hours ago Comment removed by community moderators. permalink parent award report block reply